A	The first letter of the English and of many other alphabets. The capital A of the alphabets of Middle and Western Europe, as also the small letter (a), besides the forms in Italic, black letter, etc., are all descended from the old Latin A, which was borrowed from the Greek Alpha, of the same form; and this was made from the first letter (/) of the Phoenician alphabet, the equivalent of the Hebrew Aleph, and itself from the Egyptian origin. The Aleph was a consonant letter, with a guttural breath sound that was not an element of Greek articulation; and the Greeks took it to represent their vowel Alpha with the a sound, the Phoenician alphabet having no vowel symbols.
A	The name of the sixth tone in the model major scale (that in C), or the first tone of the minor scale, which is named after it the scale in A minor. The second string of the violin is tuned to the A in the treble staff. -- A sharp (A/) is the name of a musical tone intermediate between A and B. -- A flat (A/) is the name of a tone intermediate between A and G.
A	An adjective, commonly called the indefinite article, and signifying one or any, but less emphatically.
A	In each; to or for each; as, "twenty leagues a day", "a hundred pounds a year", "a dollar a yard", etc.
A	In; on; at; by.
A	In process of; in the act of; into; to; -- used with verbal substantives in -ing which begin with a consonant. This is a shortened form of the preposition an (which was used before the vowel sound); as in a hunting, a building, a begging.
A	Of.
A	A barbarous corruption of have, of he, and sometimes of it and of they.
A	An expletive, void of sense, to fill up the meter
A-	A, as a prefix to English words, is derived from various sources. (1) It frequently signifies on or in (from an, a forms of AS. on), denoting a state, as in afoot, on foot, abed, amiss, asleep, aground, aloft, away (AS. onweg), and analogically, ablaze, atremble, etc. (2) AS. of off, from, as in adown (AS. ofd/ne off the dun or hill). (3) AS. a- (Goth. us-, ur-, Ger. er-), usually giving an intensive force, and sometimes the sense of away, on, back, as in arise, abide, ago. (4) Old English y- or i- (corrupted from the AS. inseparable particle ge-, cognate with OHG. ga-, gi-, Goth. ga-), which, as a prefix, made no essential addition to the meaning, as in aware. (5) French a (L. ad to), as in abase, achieve. (6) L. a, ab, abs, from, as in avert. (7) Greek insep. prefix / without, or privative, not, as in abyss, atheist; akin to E. un-.
A 1	A registry mark given by underwriters (as at Lloyd's) to ships in first-class condition. Inferior grades are indicated by A 2 and A 3.
Aam	A Dutch and German measure of liquids, varying in different cities, being at Amsterdam about 41 wine gallons, at Antwerp 36 1/2, at Hamburg 38 1/4.
Aard-vark	An edentate mammal, of the genus Orycteropus, somewhat resembling a pig, common in some parts of Southern Africa. It burrows in the ground, and feeds entirely on ants, which it catches with its long, slimy tongue.
Aard-wolf	A carnivorous quadruped (Proteles Lalandii), of South Africa, resembling the fox and hyena. See Proteles.
Aaronic	Alt. of Aaronical
Aaronical	Pertaining to Aaron, the first high priest of the Jews.
Aaron's rod	A rod with one serpent twined around it, thus differing from the caduceus of Mercury, which has two.
Aaron's rod	A plant with a tall flowering stem; esp. the great mullein, or hag-taper, and the golden-rod.
Ab-	A prefix in many words of Latin origin. It signifies from, away , separating, or departure, as in abduct, abstract, abscond. See A-(6).
Ab	The fifth month of the Jewish year according to the ecclesiastical reckoning, the eleventh by the civil computation, coinciding nearly with August.
Abaca	The Manila-hemp plant (Musa textilis); also, its fiber. See Manila hemp under Manila.
Abacinate	To blind by a red-hot metal plate held before the eyes.
Abacination	The act of abacinating.
Abaciscus	One of the tiles or squares of a tessellated pavement; an abaculus.
Abacist	One who uses an abacus in casting accounts; a calculator.
Aback	Toward the back or rear; backward.
Aback	Behind; in the rear.
Aback	Backward against the mast; -- said of the sails when pressed by the wind.
Aback	An abacus.
Abactinal	Pertaining to the surface or end opposite to the mouth in a radiate animal; -- opposed to actinal.
Abaction	Stealing cattle on a large scale.
Abactor	One who steals and drives away cattle or beasts by herds or droves.
Abaculi	of Abaculus
Abaculus	A small tile of glass, marble, or other substance, of various colors, used in making ornamental patterns in mosaic pavements.
Abacuses	of Abacus
Abaci	of Abacus
Abacus	A table or tray strewn with sand, anciently used for drawing, calculating, etc.
Abacus	A calculating table or frame; an instrument for performing arithmetical calculations by balls sliding on wires, or counters in grooves, the lowest line representing units, the second line, tens, etc. It is still employed in China.
Abacus	The uppermost member or division of the capital of a column, immediately under the architrave. See Column.
Abacus	A tablet, panel, or compartment in ornamented or mosaic work.
Abacus	A board, tray, or table, divided into perforated compartments, for holding cups, bottles, or the like; a kind of cupboard, buffet, or sideboard.
Abada	The rhinoceros.
Abaddon	The destroyer, or angel of the bottomless pit; -- the same as Apollyon and Asmodeus.
Abaddon	Hell; the bottomless pit.
Abaft	Behind; toward the stern from; as, abaft the wheelhouse.
Abaft	Toward the stern; aft; as, to go abaft.
Abaisance	Obeisance.
Abaiser	Ivory black or animal charcoal.
Abaist	Abashed; confounded; discomfited.
Abalienate	To transfer the title of from one to another; to alienate.
Abalienate	To estrange; to withdraw.
Abalienate	To cause alienation of (mind).
Abalienation	The act of abalienating; alienation; estrangement.
Abalone	A univalve mollusk of the genus Haliotis. The shell is lined with mother-of-pearl, and used for ornamental purposes; the sea-ear. Several large species are found on the coast of California, clinging closely to the rocks.
Aband	To abandon.
Aband	To banish; to expel.
Abandoned	of Abandon
Abandoning	of Abandon
Abandon	To cast or drive out; to banish; to expel; to reject.
Abandon	To give up absolutely; to forsake entirely ; to renounce utterly; to relinquish all connection with or concern on; to desert, as a person to whom one owes allegiance or fidelity; to quit; to surrender.
Abandon	Reflexively: To give (one's self) up without attempt at self-control; to yield (one's self) unrestrainedly; -- often in a bad sense.
Abandon	To relinquish all claim to; -- used when an insured person gives up to underwriters all claim to the property covered by a policy, which may remain after loss or damage by a peril insured against.
Abandon	Abandonment; relinquishment.
Abandon	A complete giving up to natural impulses; freedom from artificial constraint; careless freedom or ease.
Abandoned	Forsaken, deserted.
Abandoned	Self-abandoned, or given up to vice; extremely wicked, or sinning without restraint; irreclaimably wicked ; as, an abandoned villain.
Abandonedly	Unrestrainedly.
Abandonee	One to whom anything is legally abandoned.
Abandoner	One who abandons.
Abandonment	The act of abandoning, or the state of being abandoned; total desertion; relinquishment.
Abandonment	The relinquishment by the insured to the underwriters of what may remain of the property insured after a loss or damage by a peril insured against.
Abandonment	The relinquishment of a right, claim, or privilege, as to mill site, etc.
Abandonment	The voluntary leaving of a person to whom one is bound by a special relation, as a wife, husband, or child; desertion.
Abandonment	Careless freedom or ease; abandon.
Abandum	Anything forfeited or confiscated.
Abanet	See Abnet.
Abanga	A West Indian palm; also the fruit of this palm, the seeds of which are used as a remedy for diseases of the chest.
Abannation	Alt. of Abannition
Abannition	Banishment.
Abarticulation	Articulation, usually that kind of articulation which admits of free motion in the joint; diarthrosis.
Abased	of Abase
Abasing	of Abase
Abase	To lower or depress; to throw or cast down; as, to abase the eye.
Abase	To cast down or reduce low or lower, as in rank, office, condition in life, or estimation of worthiness; to depress; to humble; to degrade.
Abased	Lowered; humbled.
Abased	Borne lower than usual, as a fess; also, having the ends of the wings turned downward towards the point of the shield.
Abasedly	Abjectly; downcastly.
Abasement	The act of abasing, humbling, or bringing low; the state of being abased or humbled; humiliation.
Abaser	He who, or that which, abases.
Abashed	of Abash
Abashing	of Abash
Abash	To destroy the self-possession of; to confuse or confound, as by exciting suddenly a consciousness of guilt, mistake, or inferiority; to put to shame; to disconcert; to discomfit.
Abashedly	In an abashed manner.
Abashment	The state of being abashed; confusion from shame.
Abassi	Alt. of Abassis
Abassis	A silver coin of Persia, worth about twenty cents.
Abatable	Capable of being abated; as, an abatable writ or nuisance.
Abated	of Abate
Abating	of Abate
Abate	To beat down; to overthrow.
Abate	To bring down or reduce from a higher to a lower state, number, or degree; to lessen; to diminish; to contract; to moderate; to cut short; as, to abate a demand; to abate pride, zeal, hope.
Abate	To deduct; to omit; as, to abate something from a price.
Abate	To blunt.
Abate	To reduce in estimation; to deprive.
Abate	To bring entirely down or put an end to; to do away with; as, to abate a nuisance, to abate a writ.
Abate	To diminish; to reduce. Legacies are liable to be abated entirely or in proportion, upon a deficiency of assets.
Abate	To decrease, or become less in strength or violence; as, pain abates, a storm abates.
Abate	To be defeated, or come to naught; to fall through; to fail; as, a writ abates.
Abate	Abatement.
Abatement	The act of abating, or the state of being abated; a lessening, diminution, or reduction; removal or putting an end to; as, the abatement of a nuisance is the suppression thereof.
Abatement	The amount abated; that which is taken away by way of reduction; deduction; decrease; a rebate or discount allowed.
Abatement	A mark of dishonor on an escutcheon.
Abatement	The entry of a stranger, without right, into a freehold after the death of the last possessor, before the heir or devisee.
Abater	One who, or that which, abates.
Abatis	Alt. of Abattis
Abattis	A means of defense formed by felled trees, the ends of whose branches are sharpened and directed outwards, or against the enemy.
Abatised	Provided with an abatis.
Abator	One who abates a nuisance.
Abator	A person who, without right, enters into a freehold on the death of the last possessor, before the heir or devisee.
Abattoirs	of Abattoir
Abattoir	A public slaughterhouse for cattle, sheep, etc.
Abature	Grass and sprigs beaten or trampled down by a stag passing through them.
Abatvoix	The sounding-board over a pulpit or rostrum.
Abawed	Astonished; abashed.
Abaxial	Alt. of Abaxile
Abaxile	Away from the axis or central line; eccentric.
Abay	Barking; baying of dogs upon their prey. See Bay.
Abb	Among weavers, yarn for the warp. Hence, abb wool is wool for the abb.
Abba	Father; religious superior; -- in the Syriac, Coptic, and Ethiopic churches, a title given to the bishops, and by the bishops to the patriarch.
Abbacies	of Abbacy
Abbacy	The dignity, estate, or jurisdiction of an abbot.
Abbatial	Belonging to an abbey; as, abbatial rights.
Abbatical	Abbatial.
Abbe	The French word answering to the English abbot, the head of an abbey; but commonly a title of respect given in France to every one vested with the ecclesiastical habit or dress.
Abbess	A female superior or governess of a nunnery, or convent of nuns, having the same authority over the nuns which the abbots have over the monks. See Abbey.
Abbeys	of Abbey
Abbey	A monastery or society of persons of either sex, secluded from the world and devoted to religion and celibacy; also, the monastic building or buildings.
Abbey	The church of a monastery.
Abbot	The superior or head of an abbey.
Abbot	One of a class of bishops whose sees were formerly abbeys.
Abbotship	The state or office of an abbot.
Abbreviated	of Abbreviate
Abbreviating	of Abbreviate
Abbreviate	To make briefer; to shorten; to abridge; to reduce by contraction or omission, especially of words written or spoken.
Abbreviate	To reduce to lower terms, as a fraction.
Abbreviate	Abbreviated; abridged; shortened.
Abbreviate	Having one part relatively shorter than another or than the ordinary type.
Abbreviate	An abridgment.
Abbreviated	Shortened; relatively short; abbreviate.
Abbreviation	The act of shortening, or reducing.
Abbreviation	The result of abbreviating; an abridgment.
Abbreviation	The form to which a word or phrase is reduced by contraction and omission; a letter or letters, standing for a word or phrase of which they are a part; as, Gen. for Genesis; U.S.A. for United States of America.
Abbreviation	One dash, or more, through the stem of a note, dividing it respectively into quavers, semiquavers, or demi-semiquavers.
Abbreviator	One who abbreviates or shortens.
Abbreviator	One of a college of seventy-two officers of the papal court whose duty is to make a short minute of a decision on a petition, or reply of the pope to a letter, and afterwards expand the minute into official form.
Abbreviatory	Serving or tending to abbreviate; shortening; abridging.
Abbreviature	An abbreviation; an abbreviated state or form.
Abbreviature	An abridgment; a compendium or abstract.
Abb wool	See Abb.
A B C	The first three letters of the alphabet, used for the whole alphabet.
A B C	A primer for teaching the alphabet and first elements of reading.
A B C	The simplest rudiments of any subject; as, the A B C of finance.
Abdal	A religious devotee or dervish in Persia.
Abderian	Given to laughter; inclined to foolish or incessant merriment.
Abderite	An inhabitant of Abdera, in Thrace.
Abdest	Purification by washing the hands before prayer; -- a Mohammedan rite.
Abdicable	Capable of being abdicated.
Abdicant	Abdicating; renouncing; -- followed by of.
Abdicant	One who abdicates.
Abdicated	of Abdicate
Abdicating	of Abdicate
Abdicate	To surrender or relinquish, as sovereign power; to withdraw definitely from filling or exercising, as a high office, station, dignity; as, to abdicate the throne, the crown, the papacy.
Abdicate	To renounce; to relinquish; -- said of authority, a trust, duty, right, etc.
Abdicate	To reject; to cast off.
Abdicate	To disclaim and expel from the family, as a father his child; to disown; to disinherit.
Abdicate	To relinquish or renounce a throne, or other high office or dignity.
Abdication	The act of abdicating; the renunciation of a high office, dignity, or trust, by its holder; commonly the voluntary renunciation of sovereign power; as, abdication of the throne, government, power, authority.
Abdicative	Causing, or implying, abdication.
Abdicator	One who abdicates.
Abditive	Having the quality of hiding.
Abditory	A place for hiding or preserving articles of value.
Abdomen	The belly, or that part of the body between the thorax and the pelvis. Also, the cavity of the belly, which is lined by the peritoneum, and contains the stomach, bowels, and other viscera. In man, often restricted to the part between the diaphragm and the commencement of the pelvis, the remainder being called the pelvic cavity.
Abdomen	The posterior section of the body, behind the thorax, in insects, crustaceans, and other Arthropoda.
Abdominal	Of or pertaining to the abdomen; ventral; as, the abdominal regions, muscles, cavity.
Abdominal	Having abdominal fins; belonging to the Abdominales; as, abdominal fishes.
Abdominals	of Abdominal
Abdominales	of Abdominal
Abdominal	A fish of the group Abdominales.
Abdominales	A group including the greater part of fresh-water fishes, and many marine ones, having the ventral fins under the abdomen behind the pectorals.
Abdominalia	A group of cirripeds having abdominal appendages.
Abdominoscopy	Examination of the abdomen to detect abdominal disease.
Abdominothoracic	Relating to the abdomen and the thorax, or chest.
Abdominous	Having a protuberant belly; pot-bellied.
Abduced	of Abduce
Abducing	of Abduce
Abduce	To draw or conduct away; to withdraw; to draw to a different part.
Abducted	of Abduct
Abducting	of Abduct
Abduct	To take away surreptitiously by force; to carry away (a human being) wrongfully and usually by violence; to kidnap.
Abduct	To draw away, as a limb or other part, from its ordinary position.
Abduction	The act of abducing or abducting; a drawing apart; a carrying away.
Abduction	The movement which separates a limb or other part from the axis, or middle line, of the body.
Abduction	The wrongful, and usually the forcible, carrying off of a human being; as, the abduction of a child, the abduction of an heiress.
Abduction	A syllogism or form of argument in which the major is evident, but the minor is only probable.
Abductor	One who abducts.
Abductor	A muscle which serves to draw a part out, or form the median line of the body; as, the abductor oculi, which draws the eye outward.
Abeam	On the beam, that is, on a line which forms a right angle with the ship's keel; opposite to the center of the ship's side.
Abear	To bear; to behave.
Abear	To put up with; to endure.
Abearance	Behavior.
Abearing	Behavior.
Abecedarian	One who is learning the alphabet; hence, a tyro.
Abecedarian	One engaged in teaching the alphabet.
Abecedarian	Alt. of Abecedary
Abecedary	Pertaining to, or formed by, the letters of the alphabet; alphabetic; hence, rudimentary.
Abecedary	A primer; the first principle or rudiment of anything.
Abed	In bed, or on the bed.
Abed	To childbed (in the phrase "brought abed," that is, delivered of a child).
Abegge	Same as Aby.
Abele	The white poplar (Populus alba).
Abelian	Alt. of Abelonian
Abelite	Alt. of Abelonian
Abelonian	One of a sect in Africa (4th century), mentioned by St. Augustine, who states that they married, but lived in continence, after the manner, as they pretended, of Abel.
Abelmosk	An evergreen shrub (Hibiscus -- formerly Abelmoschus -- moschatus), of the East and West Indies and Northern Africa, whose musky seeds are used in perfumery and to flavor coffee; -- sometimes called musk mallow.
Aber-de-vine	The European siskin (Carduelis spinus), a small green and yellow finch, related to the goldfinch.
Aberr	To wander; to stray.
Aberrance	Alt. of Aberrancy
Aberrancy	State of being aberrant; a wandering from the right way; deviation from truth, rectitude, etc.
Aberrant	Wandering; straying from the right way.
Aberrant	Deviating from the ordinary or natural type; exceptional; abnormal.
Aberrate	To go astray; to diverge.
Aberration	The act of wandering; deviation, especially from truth or moral rectitude, from the natural state, or from a type.
Aberration	A partial alienation of reason.
Aberration	A small periodical change of position in the stars and other heavenly bodies, due to the combined effect of the motion of light and the motion of the observer; called annual aberration, when the observer's motion is that of the earth in its orbit, and daily or diurnal aberration, when of the earth on its axis; amounting when greatest, in the former case, to 20.4'', and in the latter, to 0.3''. Planetary aberration is that due to the motion of light and the motion of the planet relative to the earth.
Aberration	The convergence to different foci, by a lens or mirror, of rays of light emanating from one and the same point, or the deviation of such rays from a single focus; called spherical aberration, when due to the spherical form of the lens or mirror, such form giving different foci for central and marginal rays; and chromatic aberration, when due to different refrangibilities of the colored rays of the spectrum, those of each color having a distinct focus.
Aberration	The passage of blood or other fluid into parts not appropriate for it.
Aberration	The producing of an unintended effect by the glancing of an instrument, as when a shot intended for A glances and strikes B.
Aberrational	Characterized by aberration.
Aberuncate	To weed out.
Aberuncator	A weeding machine.
Abetted	of Abet
Abetting	of Abet
Abet	To instigate or encourage by aid or countenance; -- used in a bad sense of persons and acts; as, to abet an ill-doer; to abet one in his wicked courses; to abet vice; to abet an insurrection.
Abet	To support, uphold, or aid; to maintain; -- in a good sense.
Abet	To contribute, as an assistant or instigator, to the commission of an offense.
Abet	Act of abetting; aid.
Abetment	The act of abetting; as, an abetment of treason, crime, etc.
Abettal	Abetment.
Abetter	Alt. of Abettor
Abettor	One who abets; an instigator of an offense or an offender.
Abevacuation	A partial evacuation.
Abeyance	Expectancy; condition of being undetermined.
Abeyance	Suspension; temporary suppression.
Abeyancy	Abeyance.
Abeyant	Being in a state of abeyance.
Abhal	The berries of a species of cypress in the East Indies.
Abhominable	Abominable.
Abhominal	Inhuman.
Abhorred	of Abhor
Abhorring	of Abhor
Abhor	To shrink back with shuddering from; to regard with horror or detestation; to feel excessive repugnance toward; to detest to extremity; to loathe.
Abhor	To fill with horror or disgust.
Abhor	To protest against; to reject solemnly.
Abhor	To shrink back with horror, disgust, or dislike; to be contrary or averse; -- with
Abhorrence	Extreme hatred or detestation; the feeling of utter dislike.
Abhorrency	Abhorrence.
Abhorrent	Abhorring; detesting; having or showing abhorrence; loathing; hence, strongly opposed to; as, abhorrent thoughts.
Abhorrent	Contrary or repugnant; discordant; inconsistent; -- followed by to.
Abhorrent	Detestable.
Abhorrently	With abhorrence.
Abhorrer	One who abhors.
Abhorrible	Detestable.
Abhorring	Detestation.
Abhorring	Object of abhorrence.
Abib	The first month of the Jewish ecclesiastical year, corresponding nearly to our April. After the Babylonish captivity this month was called Nisan.
Abidance	The state of abiding; abode; continuance; compliance (with).
Abode	of Abide
Abid	of Abide
Abiding	of Abide
Abide	To wait; to pause; to delay.
Abide	To stay; to continue in a place; to have one's abode; to dwell; to sojourn; -- with with before a person, and commonly with at or in before a place.
Abide	To remain stable or fixed in some state or condition; to continue; to remain.
Abide	To wait for; to be prepared for; to await; to watch for; as, I abide my time.
Abide	To endure; to sustain; to submit to.
Abide	To bear patiently; to tolerate; to put up with.
Abide	To stand the consequences of; to answer for; to suffer for.
Abider	One who abides, or continues.
Abider	One who dwells; a resident.
Abiding	Continuing; lasting.
Abidingly	Permanently.
Abies	A genus of coniferous trees, properly called Fir, as the balsam fir and the silver fir. The spruces are sometimes also referred to this genus.
Abietene	A volatile oil distilled from the resin or balsam of the nut pine (Pinus sabiniana) of California.
Abietic	Of or pertaining to the fir tree or its products; as, abietic acid, called also sylvic acid.
Abietin	Alt. of Abietine
Abietine	A resinous obtained from Strasburg turpentine or Canada balsam. It is without taste or smell, is insoluble in water, but soluble in alcohol (especially at the boiling point), in strong acetic acid, and in ether.
Abietinic	Of or pertaining to abietin; as, abietinic acid.
Abietite	A substance resembling mannite, found in the needles of the common silver fir of Europe (Abies pectinata).
Abigail	A lady's waiting-maid.
Abiliment	Habiliment.
Abilities	of Ability
Ability	The quality or state of being able; power to perform, whether physical, moral, intellectual, conventional, or legal; capacity; skill or competence in doing; sufficiency of strength, skill, resources, etc.; -- in the plural, faculty, talent.
Abime	Alt. of Abyme
Abyme	A abyss.
Abiogenesis	The supposed origination of living organisms from lifeless matter; such genesis as does not involve the action of living parents; spontaneous generation; -- called also abiogeny, and opposed to biogenesis.
Abiogenetic	Of or pertaining to abiogenesis.
Abiogenist	One who believes that life can be produced independently of antecedent.
Abiogenous	Produced by spontaneous generation.
Abiogeny	Same as Abiogenesis.
Abiological	Pertaining to the study of inanimate things.
Abirritant	A medicine that diminishes irritation.
Abirritate	To diminish the sensibility of; to debilitate.
Abirritation	A pathological condition opposite to that of irritation; debility; want of strength; asthenia.
Abirritative	Characterized by abirritation or debility.
Abit	3d sing. pres. of Abide.
Abject	Cast down; low-lying.
Abject	Sunk to a law condition; down in spirit or hope; degraded; servile; groveling; despicable; as, abject posture, fortune, thoughts.
Abject	To cast off or down; hence, to abase; to degrade; to lower; to debase.
Abject	A person in the lowest and most despicable condition; a castaway.
Abjectedness	A very abject or low condition; abjectness.
Abjection	The act of bringing down or humbling.
Abjection	The state of being rejected or cast out.
Abjection	A low or downcast state; meanness of spirit; abasement; degradation.
Abjectly	Meanly; servilely.
Abjectness	The state of being abject; abasement; meanness; servility.
Abjudge	To take away by judicial decision.
Abjudicate	To reject by judicial sentence; also, to abjudge.
Abjudication	Rejection by judicial sentence.
Abjugate	To unyoke.
Abjunctive	Exceptional.
Abjuration	The act of abjuring or forswearing; a renunciation upon oath; as, abjuration of the realm, a sworn banishment, an oath taken to leave the country and never to return.
Abjuration	A solemn recantation or renunciation; as, an abjuration of heresy.
Abjuratory	Containing abjuration.
Abjured	of Abjure
Abjuring	of Abjure
Abjure	To renounce upon oath; to forswear; to disavow; as, to abjure allegiance to a prince. To abjure the realm, is to swear to abandon it forever.
Abjure	To renounce or reject with solemnity; to recant; to abandon forever; to reject; repudiate; as, to abjure errors.
Abjure	To renounce on oath.
Abjurement	Renunciation.
Abjurer	One who abjures.
Ablactate	To wean.
Ablactation	The weaning of a child from the breast, or of young beasts from their dam.
Ablactation	The process of grafting now called inarching, or grafting by approach.
Ablaqueate	To lay bare, as the roots of a tree.
Ablaqueation	The act or process of laying bare the roots of trees to expose them to the air and water.
Ablastemic	Non-germinal.
Ablation	A carrying or taking away; removal.
Ablation	Extirpation.
Ablation	Wearing away; superficial waste.
Ablatitious	Diminishing; as, an ablatitious force.
Ablative	Taking away or removing.
Ablative	Applied to one of the cases of the noun in Latin and some other languages, -- the fundamental meaning of the case being removal, separation, or taking away.
Ablative	The ablative case.
Ablaut	The substitution of one root vowel for another, thus indicating a corresponding modification of use or meaning; vowel permutation; as, get, gat, got; sing, song; hang, hung.
Ablaze	On fire; in a blaze, gleaming.
Ablaze	In a state of glowing excitement or ardent desire.
Able	Fit; adapted; suitable.
Able	Having sufficient power, strength, force, skill, means, or resources of any kind to accomplish the object; possessed of qualifications rendering competent for some end; competent; qualified; capable; as, an able workman, soldier, seaman, a man able to work; a mind able to reason; a person able to be generous; able to endure pain; able to play on a piano.
Able	Specially: Having intellectual qualifications, or strong mental powers; showing ability or skill; talented; clever; powerful; as, the ablest man in the senate; an able speech.
Able	Legally qualified; possessed of legal competence; as, able to inherit or devise property.
Able	To make able; to enable; to strengthen.
Able	To vouch for.
-able	An adjective suffix now usually in a passive sense; able to be; fit to be; expressing capacity or worthiness in a passive sense; as, movable, able to be moved; amendable, able to be amended; blamable, fit to be blamed; salable.
Able-bodied	Having a sound, strong body; physically competent; robust.
Ablegate	To send abroad.
Ablegate	A representative of the pope charged with important commissions in foreign countries, one of his duties being to bring to a newly named cardinal his insignia of office.
Ablegation	The act of sending abroad.
Able-minded	Having much intellectual power.
Ableness	Ability of body or mind; force; vigor.
Ablepsy	Blindness.
Abler	comp. of Able.
Abler	superl. of Able.
Ablet	Alt. of Ablen
Ablen	A small fresh-water fish (Leuciscus alburnus); the bleak.
Abligate	To tie up so as to hinder from.
Abligurition	Prodigal expense for food.
Ablins	Perhaps.
Abloom	In or into bloom; in a blooming state.
Ablude	To be unlike; to differ.
Abluent	Washing away; carrying off impurities; detergent.
Abluent	A detergent.
Ablush	Blushing; ruddy.
Ablution	The act of washing or cleansing; specifically, the washing of the body, or some part of it, as a religious rite.
Ablution	The water used in cleansing.
Ablution	A small quantity of wine and water, which is used to wash the priest's thumb and index finger after the communion, and which then, as perhaps containing portions of the consecrated elements, is drunk by the priest.
Ablutionary	Pertaining to ablution.
Abluvion	That which is washed off.
Ably	In an able manner; with great ability; as, ably done, planned, said.
-ably	A suffix composed of -able and the adverbial suffix -ly; as, favorably.
Abnegated	of Abnegate
Abnegating	of Abnegate
Abnegate	To deny and reject; to abjure.
Abnegation	a denial; a renunciation.
Abnegative	Denying; renouncing; negative.
Abnegator	One who abnegates, denies, or rejects anything.
Abnet	The girdle of a Jewish priest or officer.
Abnodate	To clear (tress) from knots.
Abnodation	The act of cutting away the knots of trees.
Abnormal	Not conformed to rule or system; deviating from the type; anomalous; irregular.
Abnormalities	of Abnormality
Abnormality	The state or quality of being abnormal; variation; irregularity.
Abnormality	Something abnormal.
Abnormally	In an abnormal manner; irregularly.
Abnormities	of Abnormity
Abnormity	Departure from the ordinary type; irregularity; monstrosity.
Abnormous	Abnormal; irregular.
Aboard	On board; into or within a ship or boat; hence, into or within a railway car.
Aboard	Alongside; as, close aboard.
Aboard	On board of; as, to go aboard a ship.
Aboard	Across; athwart.
Abodance	An omen; a portending.
Abode	pret. of Abide.
Abode	Act of waiting; delay.
Abode	Stay or continuance in a place; sojourn.
Abode	Place of continuance, or where one dwells; abiding place; residence; a dwelling; a habitation.
Abode	An omen.
Abode	To bode; to foreshow.
Abode	To be ominous.
Abodement	A foreboding; an omen.
Aboding	A foreboding.
Abolished	of Abolish
Abolishing	of Abolish
Abolish	To do away with wholly; to annul; to make void; -- said of laws, customs, institutions, governments, etc.; as, to abolish slavery, to abolish folly.
Abolish	To put an end to, or destroy, as a physical objects; to wipe out.
Abolishable	Capable of being abolished.
Abolisher	One who abolishes.
Abolishment	The act of abolishing; abolition; destruction.
Abolition	The act of abolishing, or the state of being abolished; an annulling; abrogation; utter destruction; as, the abolition of slavery or the slave trade; the abolition of laws, decrees, ordinances, customs, taxes, debts, etc.
Abolitionism	The principles or measures of abolitionists.
Abolitionist	A person who favors the abolition of any institution, especially negro slavery.
Abolitionize	To imbue with the principles of abolitionism.
Aboma	A large South American serpent (Boa aboma).
Abomasum	Alt. of Abomasus
Abomasus	The fourth or digestive stomach of a ruminant, which leads from the third stomach omasum. See Ruminantia.
Abominable	Worthy of, or causing, abhorrence, as a thing of evil omen; odious in the utmost degree; very hateful; detestable; loathsome; execrable.
Abominable	Excessive; large; -- used as an intensive.
Abominableness	The quality or state of being abominable; odiousness.
Abominably	In an abominable manner; very odiously; detestably.
Abominated	of Abominate
Abominating	of Abominate
Abominate	To turn from as ill-omened; to hate in the highest degree, as if with religious dread; loathe; as, to abominate all impiety.
Abomination	The feeling of extreme disgust and hatred; abhorrence; detestation; loathing; as, he holds tobacco in abomination.
Abomination	That which is abominable; anything hateful, wicked, or shamefully vile; an object or state that excites disgust and hatred; a hateful or shameful vice; pollution.
Abomination	A cause of pollution or wickedness.
Aboon	and adv. Above.
Aboral	Situated opposite to, or away from, the mouth.
Abord	Manner of approaching or accosting; address.
Abord	To approach; to accost.
Aboriginal	First; original; indigenous; primitive; native; as, the aboriginal tribes of America.
Aboriginal	Of or pertaining to aborigines; as, a Hindoo of aboriginal blood.
Aboriginal	An original inhabitant of any land; one of the aborigines.
Aboriginal	An animal or a plant native to the region.
Aboriginality	The quality of being aboriginal.
Aboriginally	Primarily.
Aborigines	The earliest known inhabitants of a country; native races.
Aborigines	The original fauna and flora of a geographical area
Aborsement	Abortment; abortion.
Aborsive	Abortive.
Abort	To miscarry; to bring forth young prematurely.
Abort	To become checked in normal development, so as either to remain rudimentary or shrink away wholly; to become sterile.
Abort	An untimely birth.
Abort	An aborted offspring.
Aborted	Brought forth prematurely.
Aborted	Rendered abortive or sterile; undeveloped; checked in normal development at a very early stage; as, spines are aborted branches.
Aborticide	The act of destroying a fetus in the womb; feticide.
Abortifacient	Producing miscarriage.
Abortifacient	A drug or an agent that causes premature delivery.
Abortion	The act of giving premature birth; particularly, the expulsion of the human fetus prematurely, or before it is capable of sustaining life; miscarriage.
Abortion	The immature product of an untimely birth.
Abortion	Arrest of development of any organ, so that it remains an imperfect formation or is absorbed.
Abortion	Any fruit or produce that does not come to maturity, or anything which in its progress, before it is matured or perfect; a complete failure; as, his attempt proved an abortion.
Abortional	Pertaining to abortion; miscarrying; abortive.
Abortionist	One who procures abortion or miscarriage.
Abortive	Produced by abortion; born prematurely; as, an abortive child.
Abortive	Made from the skin of a still-born animal; as, abortive vellum.
Abortive	Rendering fruitless or ineffectual.
Abortive	Coming to naught; failing in its effect; miscarrying; fruitless; unsuccessful; as, an abortive attempt.
Abortive	Imperfectly formed or developed; rudimentary; sterile; as, an abortive organ, stamen, ovule, etc.
Abortive	Causing abortion; as, abortive medicines.
Abortive	Cutting short; as, abortive treatment of typhoid fever.
Abortive	That which is born or brought forth prematurely; an abortion.
Abortive	A fruitless effort or issue.
Abortive	A medicine to which is attributed the property of causing abortion.
Abortively	In an abortive or untimely manner; immaturely; fruitlessly.
Abortiveness	The quality of being abortive.
Abortment	Abortion.
Abought	imp. & p. p. of Aby.
Abounded	of Abound
Abounding	of Abound
Abound	To be in great plenty; to be very prevalent; to be plentiful.
Abound	To be copiously supplied; -- followed by in or with.
About	Around; all round; on every side of.
About	In the immediate neighborhood of; in contiguity or proximity to; near, as to place; by or on (one's person).
About	Over or upon different parts of; through or over in various directions; here and there in; to and fro in; throughout.
About	Near; not far from; -- determining approximately time, size, quantity.
About	In concern with; engaged in; intent on.
About	On the point or verge of; going; in act of.
About	Concerning; with regard to; on account of; touching.
About	On all sides; around.
About	In circuit; circularly; by a circuitous way; around the outside; as, a mile about, and a third of a mile across.
About	Here and there; around; in one place and another.
About	Nearly; approximately; with close correspondence, in quality, manner, degree, etc.; as, about as cold; about as high; -- also of quantity, number, time.
About	To a reserved position; half round; in the opposite direction; on the opposite tack; as, to face about; to turn one's self about.
About-sledge	The largest hammer used by smiths.
Above	In or to a higher place; higher than; on or over the upper surface; over; -- opposed to below or beneath.
Above	Figuratively, higher than; superior to in any respect; surpassing; beyond; higher in measure or degree than; as, things above comprehension; above mean actions; conduct above reproach.
Above	Surpassing in number or quantity; more than; as, above a hundred. (Passing into the adverbial sense. See Above, adv., 4.)
Above	In a higher place; overhead; into or from heaven; as, the clouds above.
Above	Earlier in order; higher in the same page; hence, in a foregoing page.
Above	Higher in rank or power; as, he appealed to the court above.
Above	More than; as, above five hundred were present.
Aboveboard	Above the board or table. Hence: in open sight; without trick, concealment, or deception.
Above-cited	Cited before, in the preceding part of a book or writing.
Abovedeck	On deck; and hence, like aboveboard, without artifice.
Above-mentioned	Alt. of Above-named
Above-named	Mentioned or named before; aforesaid.
Abovesaid	Mentioned or recited before.
Abox	Braced aback.
Abracadabra	A mystical word or collocation of letters written as in the figure. Worn on an amulet it was supposed to ward off fever. At present the word is used chiefly in jest to denote something without meaning; jargon.
Abradant	A material used for grinding, as emery, sand, powdered glass, etc.
Abraded	of Abrade
Abrading	of Abrade
Abrade	To rub or wear off; to waste or wear away by friction; as, to abrade rocks.
Abrade	Same as Abraid.
Abrahamic	Pertaining to Abraham, the patriarch; as, the Abrachamic covenant.
Abrahamitic	Alt. of ical
ical	Relating to the patriarch Abraham.
Abraham-man	Alt. of Abram-man
Abram-man	One of a set of vagabonds who formerly roamed through England, feigning lunacy for the sake of obtaining alms.
Abraid	To awake; to arouse; to stir or start up; also, to shout out.
Abranchial	Abranchiate.
Abranchiata	A group of annelids, so called because the species composing it have no special organs of respiration.
Abranchiate	Without gills.
Abrase	Rubbed smooth.
Abrasion	The act of abrading, wearing, or rubbing off; the wearing away by friction; as, the abrasion of coins.
Abrasion	The substance rubbed off.
Abrasion	A superficial excoriation, with loss of substance under the form of small shreds.
Abrasive	Producing abrasion.
Abraum	Alt. of Abraum salts
Abraum salts	A red ocher used to darken mahogany and for making chloride of potassium.
Abraxas	A mystical word used as a charm and engraved on gems among the ancients; also, a gem stone thus engraved.
Abray	See Abraid.
Abreast	Side by side, with breasts in a line; as, "Two men could hardly walk abreast."
Abreast	Side by side; also, opposite; over against; on a line with the vessel's beam; -- with of.
Abreast	Up to a certain level or line; equally advanced; as, to keep abreast of [or with] the present state of science.
Abreast	At the same time; simultaneously.
Abregge	See Abridge.
Abrenounce	To renounce.
Abrenunciation	Absolute renunciation or repudiation.
Abreption	A snatching away.
Abreuvoir	The joint or interstice between stones, to be filled with mortar.
Abricock	See Apricot.
Abridged	of Abridge
Abridging	of Abridge
Abridge	To make shorter; to shorten in duration; to lessen; to diminish; to curtail; as, to abridge labor; to abridge power or rights.
Abridge	To shorten or contract by using fewer words, yet retaining the sense; to epitomize; to condense; as, to abridge a history or dictionary.
Abridge	To deprive; to cut off; -- followed by of, and formerly by from; as, to abridge one of his rights.
Abridger	One who abridges.
Abridgment	The act of abridging, or the state of being abridged; diminution; lessening; reduction or deprivation; as, an abridgment of pleasures or of expenses.
Abridgment	An epitome or compend, as of a book; a shortened or abridged form; an abbreviation.
Abridgment	That which abridges or cuts short; hence, an entertainment that makes the time pass quickly.
Abroach	To set abroach; to let out, as liquor; to broach; to tap.
Abroach	Broached; in a condition for letting out or yielding liquor, as a cask which is tapped.
Abroach	Hence: In a state to be diffused or propagated; afoot; astir.
Abroad	At large; widely; broadly; over a wide space; as, a tree spreads its branches abroad.
Abroad	Without a certain confine; outside the house; away from one's abode; as, to walk abroad.
Abroad	Beyond the bounds of a country; in foreign countries; as, we have broils at home and enemies abroad.
Abroad	Before the public at large; throughout society or the world; here and there; widely.
Abrogable	Capable of being abrogated.
Abrogate	Abrogated; abolished.
Abrogated	of Abrogate
Abrogating	of Abrogate
Abrogate	To annul by an authoritative act; to abolish by the authority of the maker or his successor; to repeal; -- applied to the repeal of laws, decrees, ordinances, the abolition of customs, etc.
Abrogate	To put an end to; to do away with.
Abrogation	The act of abrogating; repeal by authority.
Abrogative	Tending or designed to abrogate; as, an abrogative law.
Abrogator	One who repeals by authority.
Abrood	In the act of brooding.
Abrook	To brook; to endure.
Abrupt	Broken off; very steep, or craggy, as rocks, precipices, banks; precipitous; steep; as, abrupt places.
Abrupt	Without notice to prepare the mind for the event; sudden; hasty; unceremonious.
Abrupt	Having sudden transitions from one subject to another; unconnected.
Abrupt	Suddenly terminating, as if cut off.
Abrupt	An abrupt place.
Abrupt	To tear off or asunder.
Abruption	A sudden breaking off; a violent separation of bodies.
Abruptly	In an abrupt manner; without giving notice, or without the usual forms; suddenly.
Abruptly	Precipitously.
Abruptness	The state of being abrupt or broken; craggedness; ruggedness; steepness.
Abruptness	Suddenness; unceremonious haste or vehemence; as, abruptness of style or manner.
Abscesses	of Abscess
Abscess	A collection of pus or purulent matter in any tissue or organ of the body, the result of a morbid process.
Abscession	A separating; removal; also, an abscess.
Abscind	To cut off.
Abscision	See Abscission.
Abscisses	of Absciss
Absciss	See Abscissa.
Abscissas	of Abscissa
Abscissae	of Abscissa
Abscissa	One of the elements of reference by which a point, as of a curve, is referred to a system of fixed rectilineal coordinate axes.
Abscission	The act or process of cutting off.
Abscission	The state of being cut off.
Abscission	A figure of speech employed when a speaker having begun to say a thing stops abruptly: thus, "He is a man of so much honor and candor, and of such generosity -- but I need say no more."
Absconded	of Abscond
Absconding	of Abscond
Abscond	To hide, withdraw, or be concealed.
Abscond	To depart clandestinely; to steal off and secrete one's self; -- used especially of persons who withdraw to avoid a legal process; as, an absconding debtor.
Abscond	To hide; to conceal.
Abscondence	Fugitive concealment; secret retirement; hiding.
Absconder	One who absconds.
Absence	A state of being absent or withdrawn from a place or from companionship; -- opposed to presence.
Absence	Want; destitution; withdrawal.
Absence	Inattention to things present; abstraction (of mind); as, absence of mind.
Absent	Being away from a place; withdrawn from a place; not present.
Absent	Not existing; lacking; as, the part was rudimental or absent.
Absent	Inattentive to what is passing; absent-minded; preoccupied; as, an absent air.
Absented	of Absent
Absenting	of Absent
Absent	To take or withdraw (one's self) to such a distance as to prevent intercourse; -- used with the reflexive pronoun.
Absent	To withhold from being present.
Absentaneous	Pertaining to absence.
Absentation	The act of absenting one's self.
Absentee	One who absents himself from his country, office, post, or duty; especially, a landholder who lives in another country or district than that where his estate is situated; as, an Irish absentee.
Absenteeism	The state or practice of an absentee; esp. the practice of absenting one's self from the country or district where one's estate is situated.
Absenter	One who absents one's self.
Absently	In an absent or abstracted manner.
Absentment	The state of being absent; withdrawal.
Absent-minded	Absent in mind; abstracted; preoccupied.
Absentness	The quality of being absent-minded.
Absey-book	An A-B-C book; a primer.
Absinthate	A combination of absinthic acid with a base or positive radical.
Absinth	Alt. of Absinthe
Absinthe	The plant absinthium or common wormwood.
Absinthe	A strong spirituous liqueur made from wormwood and brandy or alcohol.
Absinthial	Of or pertaining to wormwood; absinthian.
Absinthian	Of the nature of wormwood.
Absinthiate	To impregnate with wormwood.
Absinthiated	Impregnated with wormwood; as, absinthiated wine.
Absinthic	Relating to the common wormwood or to an acid obtained from it.
Absinthin	The bitter principle of wormwood (Artemisia absinthium).
Absinthism	The condition of being poisoned by the excessive use of absinth.
Absinthium	The common wormwood (Artemisia absinthium), an intensely bitter plant, used as a tonic and for making the oil of wormwood.
Absis	See Apsis.
Absist	To stand apart from; top leave off; to desist.
Absistence	A standing aloof.
Absolute	Loosed from any limitation or condition; uncontrolled; unrestricted; unconditional; as, absolute authority, monarchy, sovereignty, an absolute promise or command; absolute power; an absolute monarch.
Absolute	Complete in itself; perfect; consummate; faultless; as, absolute perfection; absolute beauty.
Absolute	Viewed apart from modifying influences or without comparison with other objects; actual; real; -- opposed to relative and comparative; as, absolute motion; absolute time or space.
Absolute	Loosed from, or unconnected by, dependence on any other being; self-existent; self-sufficing.
Absolute	Capable of being thought or conceived by itself alone; unconditioned; non-relative.
Absolute	Positive; clear; certain; not doubtful.
Absolute	Authoritative; peremptory.
Absolute	Pure; unmixed; as, absolute alcohol.
Absolute	Not immediately dependent on the other parts of the sentence in government; as, the case absolute. See Ablative absolute, under Ablative.
Absolute	In a plane, the two imaginary circular points at infinity; in space of three dimensions, the imaginary circle at infinity.
Absolutely	In an absolute, independent, or unconditional manner; wholly; positively.
Absoluteness	The quality of being absolute; independence of everything extraneous; unlimitedness; absolute power; independent reality; positiveness.
Absolution	An absolving, or setting free from guilt, sin, or penalty; forgiveness of an offense.
Absolution	An acquittal, or sentence of a judge declaring and accused person innocent.
Absolution	The exercise of priestly jurisdiction in the sacrament of penance, by which Catholics believe the sins of the truly penitent are forgiven.
Absolution	An absolving from ecclesiastical penalties, -- for example, excommunication.
Absolution	The form of words by which a penitent is absolved.
Absolution	Delivery, in speech.
Absolutism	The state of being absolute; the system or doctrine of the absolute; the principles or practice of absolute or arbitrary government; despotism.
Absolutism	Doctrine of absolute decrees.
Absolutist	One who is in favor of an absolute or autocratic government.
Absolutist	One who believes that it is possible to realize a cognition or concept of the absolute.
Absolutist	Of or pertaining to absolutism; arbitrary; despotic; as, absolutist principles.
Absolutistic	Pertaining to absolutism; absolutist.
Absolutory	Serving to absolve; absolving.
Absolvable	That may be absolved.
Absolvatory	Conferring absolution; absolutory.
Absolved	of Absolve
Absolving	of Absolve
Absolve	To set free, or release, as from some obligation, debt, or responsibility, or from the consequences of guilt or such ties as it would be sin or guilt to violate; to pronounce free; as, to absolve a subject from his allegiance; to absolve an offender, which amounts to an acquittal and remission of his punishment.
Absolve	To free from a penalty; to pardon; to remit (a sin); -- said of the sin or guilt.
Absolve	To finish; to accomplish.
Absolve	To resolve or explain.
Absolvent	Absolving.
Absolvent	An absolver.
Absolver	One who absolves.
Absonant	Discordant; contrary; -- opposed to consonant.
Absonous	Discordant; inharmonious; incongruous.
Absorbed	of Absorb
Absorbing	of Absorb
Absorb	To swallow up; to engulf; to overwhelm; to cause to disappear as if by swallowing up; to use up; to include.
Absorb	To suck up; to drink in; to imbibe; as a sponge or as the lacteals of the body.
Absorb	To engross or engage wholly; to occupy fully; as, absorbed in study or the pursuit of wealth.
Absorb	To take up by cohesive, chemical, or any molecular action, as when charcoal absorbs gases. So heat, light, and electricity are absorbed or taken up in the substances into which they pass.
Absorbability	The state or quality of being absorbable.
Absorbable	Capable of being absorbed or swallowed up.
Absorbedly	In a manner as if wholly engrossed or engaged.
Absorbency	Absorptiveness.
Absorbent	Absorbing; swallowing; absorptive.
Absorbent	Anything which absorbs.
Absorbent	Any substance which absorbs and neutralizes acid fluid in the stomach and bowels, as magnesia, chalk, etc.; also a substance e. g., iodine) which acts on the absorbent vessels so as to reduce enlarged and indurated parts.
Absorbent	The vessels by which the processes of absorption are carried on, as the lymphatics in animals, the extremities of the roots in plants.
Absorber	One who, or that which, absorbs.
Absorbing	Swallowing, engrossing; as, an absorbing pursuit.
Absorbition	Absorption.
Absorpt	Absorbed.
Absorption	The act or process of absorbing or sucking in anything, or of being absorbed and made to disappear; as, the absorption of bodies in a whirlpool, the absorption of a smaller tribe into a larger.
Absorption	An imbibing or reception by molecular or chemical action; as, the absorption of light, heat, electricity, etc.
Absorption	In living organisms, the process by which the materials of growth and nutrition are absorbed and conveyed to the tissues and organs.
Absorption	Entire engrossment or occupation of the mind; as, absorption in some employment.
Absorptive	Having power, capacity, or tendency to absorb or imbibe.
Absorptiveness	The quality of being absorptive; absorptive power.
Absorptivity	Absorptiveness.
Absquatulate	To take one's self off; to decamp.
Absque hoc	The technical words of denial used in traversing what has been alleged, and is repeated.
Abstained	of Abstain
Abstaining	of Abstain
Abstain	To hold one's self aloof; to forbear or refrain voluntarily, and especially from an indulgence of the passions or appetites; -- with from.
Abstain	To hinder; to withhold.
Abstainer	One who abstains; esp., one who abstains from the use of intoxicating liquors.
Abstemious	Abstaining from wine.
Abstemious	Sparing in diet; refraining from a free use of food and strong drinks; temperate; abstinent; sparing in the indulgence of the appetite or passions.
Abstemious	Sparingly used; used with temperance or moderation; as, an abstemious diet.
Abstemious	Marked by, or spent in, abstinence; as, an abstemious life.
Abstemious	Promotive of abstemiousness.
Abstemiousness	The quality of being abstemious, temperate, or sparing in the use of food and strong drinks. It expresses a greater degree of abstinence than temperance.
Abstention	The act of abstaining; a holding aloof.
Abstentious	Characterized by abstinence; self-restraining.
Absterge	To make clean by wiping; to wipe away; to cleanse; hence, to purge.
Abstergent	Serving to cleanse, detergent.
Abstergent	A substance used in cleansing; a detergent; as, soap is an abstergent.
Absterse	To absterge; to cleanse; to purge away.
Abstersion	Act of wiping clean; a cleansing; a purging.
Abstersive	Cleansing; purging.
Abstersive	Something cleansing.
Abstersiveness	The quality of being abstersive.
Abstinence	The act or practice of abstaining; voluntary forbearance of any action, especially the refraining from an indulgence of appetite, or from customary gratifications of animal or sensual propensities. Specifically, the practice of abstaining from intoxicating beverages, -- called also total abstinence.
Abstinence	The practice of self-denial by depriving one's self of certain kinds of food or drink, especially of meat.
Abstinency	Abstinence.
Abstinent	Refraining from indulgence, especially from the indulgence of appetite; abstemious; continent; temperate.
Abstinent	One who abstains.
Abstinent	One of a sect who appeared in France and Spain in the 3d century.
Abstinently	With abstinence.
Abstorted	Wrested away.
Abstract	Withdraw; separate.
Abstract	Considered apart from any application to a particular object; separated from matter; existing in the mind only; as, abstract truth, abstract numbers.  Hence: ideal; abstruse; difficult.
Abstract	Expressing a particular property of an object viewed apart from the other properties which constitute it; -- opposed to concrete; as, honesty is an abstract word.
Abstract	Resulting from the mental faculty of abstraction; general as opposed to particular; as, "reptile" is an abstract or general name.
Abstract	Abstracted; absent in mind.
Abstracted	of Abstract
Abstracting	of Abstract
Abstract	To withdraw; to separate; to take away.
Abstract	To draw off in respect to interest or attention; as, his was wholly abstracted by other objects.
Abstract	To separate, as ideas, by the operation of the mind; to consider by itself; to contemplate separately, as a quality or attribute.
Abstract	To epitomize; to abridge.
Abstract	To take secretly or dishonestly; to purloin; as, to abstract goods from a parcel, or money from a till.
Abstract	To separate, as the more volatile or soluble parts of a substance, by distillation or other chemical processes. In this sense extract is now more generally used.
Abstract	To perform the process of abstraction.
Abstract	That which comprises or concentrates in itself the essential qualities of a larger thing or of several things. Specifically: A summary or an epitome, as of a treatise or book, or of a statement; a brief.
Abstract	A state of separation from other things; as, to consider a subject in the abstract, or apart from other associated things.
Abstract	An abstract term.
Abstract	A powdered solid extract of a vegetable substance mixed with sugar of milk in such proportion that one part of the abstract represents two parts of the original substance.
Abstracted	Separated or disconnected; withdrawn; removed; apart.
Abstracted	Separated from matter; abstract; ideal.
Abstracted	Abstract; abstruse; difficult.
Abstracted	Inattentive to surrounding objects; absent in mind.
Abstractedly	In an abstracted manner; separately; with absence of mind.
Abstractedness	The state of being abstracted; abstract character.
Abstracter	One who abstracts, or makes an abstract.
Abstraction	The act of abstracting, separating, or withdrawing, or the state of being withdrawn; withdrawal.
Abstraction	The act process of leaving out of consideration one or more properties of a complex object so as to attend to others; analysis. Thus, when the mind considers the form of a tree by itself, or the color of the leaves as separate from their size or figure, the act is called abstraction. So, also, when it considers whiteness, softness, virtue, existence, as separate from any particular objects.
Abstraction	An idea or notion of an abstract, or theoretical nature; as, to fight for mere abstractions.
Abstraction	A separation from worldly objects; a recluse life; as, a hermit's abstraction.
Abstraction	Absence or absorption of mind; inattention to present objects.
Abstraction	The taking surreptitiously for one's own use part of the property of another; purloining.
Abstraction	A separation of volatile parts by the act of distillation.
Abstractional	Pertaining to abstraction.
Abstractionist	An idealist.
Abstractitious	Obtained from plants by distillation.
Abstractive	Having the power of abstracting; of an abstracting nature.
Abstractively	In a abstract manner; separately; in or by itself.
Abstractiveness	The quality of being abstractive; abstractive property.
Abstractly	In an abstract state or manner; separately; absolutely; by itself; as, matter abstractly considered.
Abstractness	The quality of being abstract.
Abstringe	To unbind.
Abstrude	To thrust away.
Abstruse	Concealed or hidden out of the way.
Abstruse	Remote from apprehension; difficult to be comprehended or understood; recondite; as, abstruse learning.
Abstrusely	In an abstruse manner.
Abstruseness	The quality of being abstruse; difficulty of apprehension.
Abstrusion	The act of thrusting away.
Abstrusity	Abstruseness; that which is abstruse.
Absume	To consume gradually; to waste away.
Absumption	Act of wasting away; a consuming; extinction.
Absurd	Contrary to reason or propriety; obviously and fiatly opposed to manifest truth; inconsistent with the plain dictates of common sense; logically contradictory; nonsensical; ridiculous; as, an absurd person, an absurd opinion; an absurd dream.
Absurd	An absurdity.
Absurdities	of Absurdity
Absurdity	The quality of being absurd or inconsistent with obvious truth, reason, or sound judgment.
Absurdity	That which is absurd; an absurd action; a logical contradiction.
Absurdly	In an absurd manner.
Absurdness	Absurdity.
Abuna	The Patriarch, or head of the Abyssinian Church.
Abundance	An overflowing fullness; ample sufficiency; great plenty; profusion; copious supply; superfluity; wealth: -- strictly applicable to quantity only, but sometimes used of number.
Abundant	Fully sufficient; plentiful; in copious supply; -- followed by in, rarely by with.
Abundantly	In a sufficient degree; fully; amply; plentifully; in large measure.
Aburst	In a bursting condition.
Abusable	That may be abused.
Abusage	Abuse.
Abused	of Abuse
Abusing	of Abuse
Abuse	To put to a wrong use; to misapply; to misuse; to put to a bad use; to use for a wrong purpose or end; to pervert; as, to abuse inherited gold; to make an excessive use of; as, to abuse one's authority.
Abuse	To use ill; to maltreat; to act injuriously to; to punish or to tax excessively; to hurt; as, to abuse prisoners, to abuse one's powers, one's patience.
Abuse	To revile; to reproach coarsely; to disparage.
Abuse	To dishonor.
Abuse	To violate; to ravish.
Abuse	To deceive; to impose on.
Abuse	Improper treatment or use; application to a wrong or bad purpose; misuse; as, an abuse of our natural powers; an abuse of civil rights, or of privileges or advantages; an abuse of language.
Abuse	Physical ill treatment; injury.
Abuse	A corrupt practice or custom; offense; crime; fault; as, the abuses in the civil service.
Abuse	Vituperative words; coarse, insulting speech; abusive language; virulent condemnation; reviling.
Abuse	Violation; rape; as, abuse of a female child.
Abuseful	Full of abuse; abusive.
Abuser	One who abuses [in the various senses of the verb].
Abusion	Evil or corrupt usage; abuse; wrong; reproach; deception; cheat.
Abusive	Wrongly used; perverted; misapplied.
Abusive	Given to misusing; also, full of abuses.
Abusive	Practicing abuse; prone to ill treat by coarse, insulting words or by other ill usage; as, an abusive author; an abusive fellow.
Abusive	Containing abuse, or serving as the instrument of abuse; vituperative; reproachful; scurrilous.
Abusive	Tending to deceive; fraudulent; cheating.
Abusively	In an abusive manner; rudely; with abusive language.
Abusiveness	The quality of being abusive; rudeness of language, or violence to the person.
Abutted	of Abut
Abutting	of Abut
Abut	To project; to terminate or border; to be contiguous; to meet; -- with on, upon, or against; as, his land abuts on the road.
Abutilon	A genus of malvaceous plants of many species, found in the torrid and temperate zones of both continents; -- called also Indian mallow.
Abutment	State of abutting.
Abutment	That on or against which a body abuts or presses
Abutment	The solid part of a pier or wall, etc., which receives the thrust or lateral pressure of an arch, vault, or strut.
Abutment	A fixed point or surface from which resistance or reaction is obtained, as the cylinder head of a steam engine, the fulcrum of a lever, etc.
Abutment	In breech-loading firearms, the block behind the barrel which receives the pressure due to recoil.
Abuttal	The butting or boundary of land, particularly at the end; a headland.
Abutter	One who, or that which, abuts. Specifically, the owner of a contiguous estate; as, the abutters on a street or a river.
Abuzz	In a buzz; buzzing.
Abought	of Abye
Aby	Alt. of Abye
Abye	To pay for; to suffer for; to atone for; to make amends for; to give satisfaction.
Abye	To endure; to abide.
Abysm	An abyss; a gulf.
Abysmal	Pertaining to, or resembling, an abyss; bottomless; unending; profound.
Abysmally	To a fathomless depth; profoundly.
Abyss	A bottomless or unfathomed depth, gulf, or chasm; hence, any deep, immeasurable, and, specifically, hell, or the bottomless pit.
Abyss	Infinite time; a vast intellectual or moral depth.
Abyss	The center of an escutcheon.
Abyssal	Belonging to, or resembling, an abyss; unfathomable.
Abyssinian	Of or pertaining to Abyssinia.
Abyssinian	A native of Abyssinia.
Abyssinian	A member of the Abyssinian Church.
Acacia	A roll or bag, filled with dust, borne by Byzantine emperors, as a memento of mortality. It is represented on medals.
Acacias	of Acacia
Acaciae	of Acacia
Acacia	A genus of leguminous trees and shrubs. Nearly 300 species are Australian or Polynesian, and have terete or vertically compressed leaf stalks, instead of the bipinnate leaves of the much fewer species of America, Africa, etc.  Very few are found in temperate climates.
Acacia	The inspissated juice of several species of acacia; -- called also gum acacia, and gum arabic.
Acacin	Alt. of Acacine
Acacine	Gum arabic.
Academe	An academy.
Academial	Academic.
Academian	A member of an academy, university, or college.
Academic	Alt. of Academical
Academical	Belonging to the school or philosophy of Plato; as, the Academic sect or philosophy.
Academical	Belonging to an academy or other higher institution of learning; scholarly; literary or classical, in distinction from scientific.
Academic	One holding the philosophy of Socrates and Plato; a Platonist.
Academic	A member of an academy, college, or university; an academician.
Academically	In an academical manner.
Academicals	The articles of dress prescribed and worn at some colleges and universities.
Academician	A member of an academy, or society for promoting science, art, or literature, as of the French Academy, or the Royal Academy of arts.
Academician	A collegian.
Academicism	A tenet of the Academic philosophy.
Academicism	A mannerism or mode peculiar to an academy.
Academism	The doctrines of the Academic philosophy.
Academist	An Academic philosopher.
Academist	An academician.
Academies	of Academy
Academy	A garden or grove near Athens (so named from the hero Academus), where Plato and his followers held their philosophical conferences; hence, the school of philosophy of which Plato was head.
Academy	An institution for the study of higher learning; a college or a university. Popularly, a school, or seminary of learning, holding a rank between a college and a common school.
Academy	A place of training; a school.
Academy	A society of learned men united for the advancement of the arts and sciences, and literature, or some particular art or science; as, the French Academy; the American Academy of Arts and Sciences; academies of literature and philology.
Academy	A school or place of training in which some special art is taught; as, the military academy at West Point; a riding academy; the Academy of Music.
Acadian	Of or pertaining to Acadie, or Nova Scotia.
Acadian	A native of Acadie.
Acajou	The cashew tree; also, its fruit. See Cashew.
Acajou	The mahogany tree; also, its timber.
Acalephs	of Acalephan
Acalephans	of Acalephan
Acaleph	Alt. of Acalephan
Acalephan	One of the Acalephae.
Acalephae	A group of Coelenterata, including the Medusae or jellyfishes, and hydroids; -- so called from the stinging power they possess. Sometimes called sea nettles.
Acalephoid	Belonging to or resembling the Acalephae or jellyfishes.
Acalycine	Alt. of Acalysinous
Acalysinous	Without a calyx, or outer floral envelope.
Acanth	Same as Acanthus.
Acantha	A prickle.
Acantha	A spine or prickly fin.
Acantha	The vertebral column; the spinous process of a vertebra.
Acanthaceous	Armed with prickles, as a plant.
Acanthaceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, the family of plants of which the acanthus is the type.
Acanthine	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, the plant acanthus.
Acanthocarpous	Having the fruit covered with spines.
Acanthocephala	A group of intestinal worms, having the proboscis armed with recurved spines.
Acanthocephalous	Having a spiny head, as one of the Acanthocephala.
Acanthophorous	Spine-bearing.
Acanthopodious	Having spinous petioles.
Acanthopteri	A group of teleostean fishes having spiny fins. See Acanthopterygii.
Acanthopterous	Spiny-winged.
Acanthopterous	Acanthopterygious.
Acanthopterygian	Belonging to the order of fishes having spinose fins, as the perch.
Acanthopterygian	A spiny-finned fish.
Acanthopterygii	An order of fishes having some of the rays of the dorsal, ventral, and anal fins unarticulated and spinelike, as the perch.
Acanthopterygious	Having fins in which the rays are hard and spinelike; spiny-finned.
Acanthuses	of Acanthus
Acanthi	of Acanthus
Acanthus	A genus of herbaceous prickly plants, found in the south of Europe, Asia Minor, and India; bear's-breech.
Acanthus	An ornament resembling the foliage or leaves of the acanthus (Acanthus spinosus); -- used in the capitals of the Corinthian and Composite orders.
A cappella	In church or chapel style; -- said of compositions sung in the old church style, without instrumental accompaniment; as, a mass a capella, i. e., a mass purely vocal.
A cappella	A time indication, equivalent to alla breve.
Acapsular	Having no capsule.
Acardiac	Without a heart; as, an acardiac fetus.
Acaridan	One of a group of arachnids, including the mites and ticks.
Acarina	The group of Arachnida which includes the mites and ticks. Many species are parasitic, and cause diseases like the itch and mange.
Acarine	Of or caused by acari or mites; as, acarine diseases.
Acaroid	Shaped like or resembling a mite.
Acarpellous	Having no carpels.
Acarpous	Not producing fruit; unfruitful.
Acari	of Acarus
Acarus	A genus including many species of small mites.
Acatalectic	Not defective; complete; as, an acatalectic verse.
Acatalectic	A verse which has the complete number of feet and syllables.
Acatalepsy	Incomprehensibility of things; the doctrine held by the ancient Skeptic philosophers, that human knowledge never amounts to certainty, but only to probability.
Acataleptic	Incapable of being comprehended; incomprehensible.
Acater	See Caterer.
Acates	See Cates.
Acaudate	Tailless.
Acaulescent	Having no stem or caulis, or only a very short one concealed in the ground.
Acauline	Same as Acaulescent.
Acaulose	Alt. of Acaulous
Acaulous	Same as Acaulescent.
Accadian	Pertaining to a race supposed to have lived in Babylonia before the Assyrian conquest.
Acceded	of Accede
Acceding	of Accede
Accede	To approach; to come forward; -- opposed to recede.
Accede	To enter upon an office or dignity; to attain.
Accede	To become a party by associating one's self with others; to give one's adhesion. Hence, to agree or assent to a proposal or a view; as, he acceded to my request.
Accedence	The act of acceding.
Acceder	One who accedes.
Accelerando	Gradually accelerating the movement.
Accelerated	of Accelerate
Accelerating	of Accelerate
Accelerate	To cause to move faster; to quicken the motion of; to add to the speed of; -- opposed to retard.
Accelerate	To quicken the natural or ordinary progression or process of; as, to accelerate the growth of a plant, the increase of wealth, etc.
Accelerate	To hasten, as the occurence of an event; as, to accelerate our departure.
Acceleration	The act of accelerating, or the state of being accelerated; increase of motion or action; as, a falling body moves toward the earth with an acceleration of velocity; -- opposed to retardation.
Accelerative	Relating to acceleration; adding to velocity; quickening.
Accelerator	One who, or that which, accelerates. Also as an adj.; as, accelerator nerves.
Acceleratory	Accelerative.
Accelerograph	An apparatus for studying the combustion of powder in guns, etc.
Accelerometer	An apparatus for measuring the velocity imparted by gunpowder.
Accend	To set on fire; to kindle.
Accendibility	Capacity of being kindled, or of becoming inflamed; inflammability.
Accendible	Capable of being inflamed or kindled; combustible; inflammable.
Accension	The act of kindling or the state of being kindled; ignition.
Accensor	One of the functionaries who light and trim the tapers.
Accent	A superior force of voice or of articulative effort upon some particular syllable of a word or a phrase, distinguishing it from the others.
Accent	A mark or character used in writing, and serving to regulate the pronunciation; esp.: (a) a mark to indicate the nature and place of the spoken accent; (b) a mark to indicate the quality of sound of the vowel marked; as, the French accents.
Accent	Modulation of the voice in speaking; manner of speaking or pronouncing; peculiar or characteristic modification of the voice; tone; as, a foreign accent; a French or a German accent.
Accent	A word; a significant tone
Accent	expressions in general; speech.
Accent	Stress laid on certain syllables of a verse.
Accent	A regularly recurring stress upon the tone to mark the beginning, and, more feebly, the third part of the measure.
Accent	A special emphasis of a tone, even in the weaker part of the measure.
Accent	The rhythmical accent, which marks phrases and sections of a period.
Accent	The expressive emphasis and shading of a passage.
Accent	A mark placed at the right hand of a letter, and a little above it, to distinguish magnitudes of a similar kind expressed by the same letter, but differing in value, as y', y''.
Accent	A mark at the right hand of a number, indicating minutes of a degree, seconds, etc.; as, 12'27'', i. e., twelve minutes twenty seven seconds.
Accent	A mark used to denote feet and inches; as, 6' 10'' is six feet ten inches.
Accented	of Accent
Accenting	of Accent
Accent	To express the accent of (either by the voice or by a mark); to utter or to mark with accent.
Accent	To mark emphatically; to emphasize.
Accentless	Without accent.
Accentor	One who sings the leading part; the director or leader.
Accentor	A genus of European birds (so named from their sweet notes), including the hedge warbler. In America sometimes applied to the water thrushes.
Accentuable	Capable of being accented.
Accentual	Of or pertaining to accent; characterized or formed by accent.
Accentuality	The quality of being accentual.
Accentually	In an accentual manner; in accordance with accent.
Accentuated	of Accentuate
Accentuating	of Accentuate
Accentuate	To pronounce with an accent or with accents.
Accentuate	To bring out distinctly; to make prominent; to emphasize.
Accentuate	To mark with the written accent.
Accentuation	Act of accentuating; applications of accent.
Accentuation	pitch or modulation of the voice in reciting portions of the liturgy.
Accepted	of Accept
Accepting	of Accept
Accept	To receive with a consenting mind (something offered); as, to accept a gift; -- often followed by of.
Accept	To receive with favor; to approve.
Accept	To receive or admit and agree to; to assent to; as, I accept your proposal, amendment, or excuse.
Accept	To take by the mind; to understand; as, How are these words to be accepted?
Accept	To receive as obligatory and promise to pay; as, to accept a bill of exchange.
Accept	In a deliberate body, to receive in acquittance of a duty imposed; as, to accept the report of a committee. [This makes it the property of the body, and the question is then on its adoption.]
Accept	Accepted.
Acceptability	The quality of being acceptable; acceptableness.
Acceptable	Capable, worthy, or sure of being accepted or received with pleasure; pleasing to a receiver; gratifying; agreeable; welcome; as, an acceptable present, one acceptable to us.
Acceptableness	The quality of being acceptable, or suitable to be favorably received; acceptability.
Acceptably	In an acceptable manner; in a manner to please or give satisfaction.
Acceptance	The act of accepting; a receiving what is offered, with approbation, satisfaction, or acquiescence; esp., favorable reception; approval; as, the acceptance of a gift, office, doctrine, etc.
Acceptance	State of being accepted; acceptableness.
Acceptance	An assent and engagement by the person on whom a bill of exchange is drawn, to pay it when due according to the terms of the acceptance.
Acceptance	The bill itself when accepted.
Acceptance	An agreeing to terms or proposals by which a bargain is concluded and the parties are bound; the reception or taking of a thing bought as that for which it was bought, or as that agreed to be delivered, or the taking possession as owner.
Acceptance	An agreeing to the action of another, by some act which binds the person in law.
Acceptance	Meaning; acceptation.
Acceptancy	Acceptance.
Acceptant	Accepting; receiving.
Acceptant	An accepter.
Acceptation	Acceptance; reception; favorable reception or regard; state of being acceptable.
Acceptation	The meaning in which a word or expression is understood, or generally received; as, term is to be used according to its usual acceptation.
Acceptedly	In a accepted manner; admittedly.
Accepter	A person who accepts; a taker.
Accepter	A respecter; a viewer with partiality.
Accepter	An acceptor.
Acceptilation	Gratuitous discharge; a release from debt or obligation without payment; free remission.
Acception	Acceptation; the received meaning.
Acceptive	Fit for acceptance.
Acceptive	Ready to accept.
Acceptor	One who accepts
Acceptor	one who accepts an order or a bill of exchange; a drawee after he has accepted.
Access	A coming to, or near approach; admittance; admission; accessibility; as, to gain access to a prince.
Access	The means, place, or way by which a thing may be approached; passage way; as, the access is by a neck of land.
Access	Admission to sexual intercourse.
Access	Increase by something added; addition; as, an access of territory. [In this sense accession is more generally used.]
Access	An onset, attack, or fit of disease.
Access	A paroxysm; a fit of passion; an outburst; as, an access of fury.
Accessarily	In the manner of an accessary.
Accessariness	The state of being accessary.
Accessary	Accompanying, as a subordinate; additional; accessory; esp., uniting in, or contributing to, a crime, but not as chief actor. See Accessory.
Accessaries	of Accessary
Accessary	One who, not being present, contributes as an assistant or instigator to the commission of an offense.
Accessibility	The quality of being accessible, or of admitting approach; receptibility.
Accessible	Easy of access or approach; approachable; as, an accessible town or mountain, an accessible person.
Accessible	Open to the influence of; -- with to.
Accessible	Obtainable; to be got at.
Accessibly	In an accessible manner.
Accession	A coming to; the act of acceding and becoming joined; as, a king's accession to a confederacy.
Accession	Increase by something added; that which is added; augmentation from without; as, an accession of wealth or territory.
Accession	A mode of acquiring property, by which the owner of a corporeal substance which receives an addition by growth, or by labor, has a right to the part or thing added, or the improvement (provided the thing is not changed into a different species). Thus, the owner of a cow becomes the owner of her calf.
Accession	The act by which one power becomes party to engagements already in force between other powers.
Accession	The act of coming to or reaching a throne, an office, or dignity; as, the accession of the house of Stuart; -- applied especially to the epoch of a new dynasty.
Accession	The invasion, approach, or commencement of a disease; a fit or paroxysm.
Accessional	Pertaining to accession; additional.
Accessive	Additional.
Accessorial	Of or pertaining to an accessory; as, accessorial agency, accessorial guilt.
Accessorily	In the manner of an accessory; auxiliary.
Accessoriness	The state of being accessory, or connected subordinately.
Accessory	Accompanying as a subordinate; aiding in a secondary way; additional; connected as an incident or subordinate to a principal; contributing or contributory; said of persons and things, and, when of persons, usually in a bad sense; as, he was accessory to the riot; accessory sounds in music.
Accessories	of Accessory
Accessory	That which belongs to something else deemed the principal; something additional and subordinate.
Accessory	Same as Accessary, n.
Accessory	Anything that enters into a work of art without being indispensably necessary, as mere ornamental parts.
Acciaccatura	A short grace note, one semitone below the note to which it is prefixed; -- used especially in organ music. Now used as equivalent to the short appoggiatura.
Accidence	The accidents, of inflections of words; the rudiments of grammar.
Accidence	The rudiments of any subject.
Accident	Literally, a befalling; an event that takes place without one's foresight or expectation; an undesigned, sudden, and unexpected event; chance; contingency; often, an undesigned and unforeseen occurrence of an afflictive or unfortunate character; a casualty; a mishap; as, to die by an accident.
Accident	A property attached to a word, but not essential to it, as gender, number, case.
Accident	A point or mark which may be retained or omitted in a coat of arms.
Accident	A property or quality of a thing which is not essential to it, as whiteness in paper; an attribute.
Accident	A quality or attribute in distinction from the substance, as sweetness, softness.
Accident	Any accidental property, fact, or relation; an accidental or nonessential; as, beauty is an accident.
Accident	Unusual appearance or effect.
Accidental	Happening by chance, or unexpectedly; taking place not according to the usual course of things; casual; fortuitous; as, an accidental visit.
Accidental	Nonessential; not necessary belonging; incidental; as, are accidental to a play.
Accidental	A property which is not essential; a nonessential; anything happening accidentally.
Accidental	Those fortuitous effects produced by luminous rays falling on certain objects so that some parts stand forth in abnormal brightness and other parts are cast into a deep shadow.
Accidental	A sharp, flat, or natural, occurring not at the commencement of a piece of music as the signature, but before a particular note.
Accidentalism	Accidental character or effect.
Accidentality	The quality of being accidental; accidentalness.
Accidentally	In an accidental manner; unexpectedly; by chance; unintentionally; casually; fortuitously; not essentially.
Accidentalness	The quality of being accidental; casualness.
Accidie	Sloth; torpor.
Accipenser	See Acipenser.
Accipient	A receiver.
Accipiters	of Accipiter
Accipitres	of Accipiter
Accipiter	A genus of rapacious birds; one of the Accipitres or Raptores.
Accipiter	A bandage applied over the nose, resembling the claw of a hawk.
Accipitral	Pertaining to, or of the nature of, a falcon or hawk; hawklike.
Accipitres	The order that includes rapacious birds. They have a hooked bill, and sharp, strongly curved talons. There are three families, represented by the vultures, the falcons or hawks, and the owls.
Accipitrine	Like or belonging to the Accipitres; raptorial; hawklike.
Accismus	Affected refusal; coyness.
Accite	To cite; to summon.
Acclaim	To applaud.
Acclaim	To declare by acclamations.
Acclaim	To shout; as, to acclaim my joy.
Acclaim	To shout applause.
Acclaim	Acclamation.
Acclaimer	One who acclaims.
Acclamation	A shout of approbation, favor, or assent; eager expression of approval; loud applause.
Acclamation	A representation, in sculpture or on medals, of people expressing joy.
Acclamatory	Pertaining to, or expressing approval by, acclamation.
Acclimatable	Capable of being acclimated.
Acclimatation	Acclimatization.
Acclimated	of Acclimate
Acclimating	of Acclimate
Acclimate	To habituate to a climate not native; to acclimatize.
Acclimatement	Acclimation.
Acclimation	The process of becoming, or the state of being, acclimated, or habituated to a new climate; acclimatization.
Acclimatizable	Capable of being acclimatized.
Acclimatization	The act of acclimatizing; the process of inuring to a new climate, or the state of being so inured.
Acclimatized	of Acclimatize
Acclimatizing	of Acclimatize
Acclimatize	To inure or habituate to a climate different from that which is natural; to adapt to the peculiarities of a foreign or strange climate; said of man, the inferior animals, or plants.
Acclimature	The act of acclimating, or the state of being acclimated.
Acclive	Acclivous.
Acclivitous	Acclivous.
Acclivities	of Acclivity
Acclivity	A slope or inclination of the earth, as the side of a hill, considered as ascending, in opposition to declivity, or descending; an upward slope; ascent.
Acclivous	Sloping upward; rising as a hillside; -- opposed to declivous.
Accloy	To fill to satiety; to stuff full; to clog; to overload; to burden. See Cloy.
Accoast	To lie or sail along the coast or side of; to accost.
Accoil	To gather together; to collect.
Accoil	To coil together.
Accolade	A ceremony formerly used in conferring knighthood, consisting am embrace, and a slight blow on the shoulders with the flat blade of a sword.
Accolade	A brace used to join two or more staves.
Accombination	A combining together.
Accommodable	That may be accommodated, fitted, or made to agree.
Accommodableness	The quality or condition of being accommodable.
Accommodated	of Accommodate
Accommodating	of Accommodate
Accommodate	To render fit, suitable, or correspondent; to adapt; to conform; as, to accommodate ourselves to circumstances.
Accommodate	To bring into agreement or harmony; to reconcile; to compose; to adjust; to settle; as, to accommodate differences, a dispute, etc.
Accommodate	To furnish with something desired, needed, or convenient; to favor; to oblige; as, to accommodate a friend with a loan or with lodgings.
Accommodate	To show the correspondence of; to apply or make suit by analogy; to adapt or fit, as teachings to accidental circumstances, statements to facts, etc.; as, to accommodate prophecy to events.
Accommodate	To adapt one's self; to be conformable or adapted.
Accommodate	Suitable; fit; adapted; as, means accommodate to end.
Accommodately	Suitably; fitly.
Accommodateness	Fitness.
Accommodating	Affording, or disposed to afford, accommodation; obliging; as an accommodating man, spirit, arrangement.
Accommodation	The act of fitting or adapting, or the state of being fitted or adapted; adaptation; adjustment; -- followed by to.
Accommodation	Willingness to accommodate; obligingness.
Accommodation	Whatever supplies a want or affords ease, refreshment, or convenience; anything furnished which is desired or needful; -- often in the plural; as, the accommodations -- that is, lodgings and food -- at an inn.
Accommodation	An adjustment of differences; state of agreement; reconciliation; settlement.
Accommodation	The application of a writer's language, on the ground of analogy, to something not originally referred to or intended.
Accommodation	A loan of money.
Accommodation	An accommodation bill or note.
Accommodator	He who, or that which, accommodates.
Accompanable	Sociable.
Accompanier	He who, or that which, accompanies.
Accompaniment	That which accompanies; something that attends as a circumstance, or which is added to give greater completeness to the principal thing, or by way of ornament, or for the sake of symmetry.
Accompaniment	A part performed by instruments, accompanying another part or parts performed by voices; the subordinate part, or parts, accompanying the voice or a principal instrument; also, the harmony of a figured bass.
Accompanist	The performer in music who takes the accompanying part.
Accompanied	of Accompany
Accompanying	of Accompany
Accompany	To go with or attend as a companion or associate; to keep company with; to go along with; -- followed by with or by; as, he accompanied his speech with a bow.
Accompany	To cohabit with.
Accompany	To associate in a company; to keep company.
Accompany	To cohabit (with).
Accompany	To perform an accompanying part or parts in a composition.
Accompletive	Tending to accomplish.
Accomplice	A cooperator.
Accomplice	An associate in the commission of a crime; a participator in an offense, whether a principal or an accessory.
Accompliceship	The state of being an accomplice.
Accomplicity	The act or state of being an accomplice.
Accomplished	of Accomplish
Accomplishing	of Accomplish
Accomplish	To complete, as time or distance.
Accomplish	To bring to an issue of full success; to effect; to perform; to execute fully; to fulfill; as, to accomplish a design, an object, a promise.
Accomplish	To equip or furnish thoroughly; hence, to complete in acquirements; to render accomplished; to polish.
Accomplish	To gain; to obtain.
Accomplishable	Capable of being accomplished; practicable.
Accomplished	Completed; effected; established; as, an accomplished fact.
Accomplished	Complete in acquirements as the result usually of training; -- commonly in a good sense; as, an accomplished scholar, an accomplished villain.
Accomplisher	One who accomplishes.
Accomplishment	The act of accomplishing; entire performance; completion; fulfillment; as, the accomplishment of an enterprise, of a prophecy, etc.
Accomplishment	That which completes, perfects, or equips thoroughly; acquirement; attainment; that which constitutes excellence of mind, or elegance of manners, acquired by education or training.
Accompt	See Account.
Accomptable	See Accountable.
Accomptant	See Accountant.
Accord	Agreement or concurrence of opinion, will, or action; harmony of mind; consent; assent.
Accord	Harmony of sounds; agreement in pitch and tone; concord; as, the accord of tones.
Accord	Agreement, harmony, or just correspondence of things; as, the accord of light and shade in painting.
Accord	Voluntary or spontaneous motion or impulse to act; -- preceded by own; as, of one's own accord.
Accord	An agreement between parties in controversy, by which satisfaction for an injury is stipulated, and which, when executed, bars a suit.
Accorded	of Accord
According	of Accord
Accord	To make to agree or correspond; to suit one thing to another; to adjust; -- followed by to.
Accord	To bring to an agreement, as persons; to reconcile; to settle, adjust, harmonize, or compose, as things; as, to accord suits or controversies.
Accord	To grant as suitable or proper; to concede; to award; as, to accord to one due praise.
Accord	To agree; to correspond; to be in harmony; -- followed by with, formerly also by to; as, his disposition accords with his looks.
Accord	To agree in pitch and tone.
Accordable	Agreeing.
Accordable	Reconcilable; in accordance.
Accordance	Agreement; harmony; conformity.
Accordancy	Accordance.
Accordant	Agreeing; consonant; harmonious; corresponding; conformable; -- followed by with or to.
Accordantly	In accordance or agreement; agreeably; conformably; -- followed by with or to.
Accorder	One who accords, assents, or concedes.
According	Agreeing; in agreement or harmony; harmonious.
According	Accordingly; correspondingly.
Accordingly	Agreeably; correspondingly; suitably; in a manner conformable.
Accordingly	In natural sequence; consequently; so.
Accordion	A small, portable, keyed wind instrument, whose tones are generated by play of the wind upon free metallic reeds.
Accordionist	A player on the accordion.
Accordment	Agreement; reconcilement.
Accorporate	To unite; to attach; to incorporate.
Accosted	of Accost
Accosting	of Accost
Accost	To join side to side; to border; hence, to sail along the coast or side of.
Accost	To approach; to make up to.
Accost	To speak to first; to address; to greet.
Accost	To adjoin; to lie alongside.
Accost	Address; greeting.
Accostable	Approachable; affable.
Accosted	Supported on both sides by other charges; also, side by side.
Accouchement	Delivery in childbed
Accoucheur	A man who assists women in childbirth; a man midwife; an obstetrician.
Accoucheuse	A midwife.
Account	A reckoning; computation; calculation; enumeration; a record of some reckoning; as, the Julian account of time.
Account	A registry of pecuniary transactions; a written or printed statement of business dealings or debts and credits, and also of other things subjected to a reckoning or review; as, to keep one's account at the bank.
Account	A statement in general of reasons, causes, grounds, etc., explanatory of some event; as, no satisfactory account has been given of these phenomena. Hence, the word is often used simply for reason, ground, consideration, motive, etc.; as, on no account, on every account, on all accounts.
Account	A statement of facts or occurrences; recital of transactions; a relation or narrative; a report; a description; as, an account of a battle.
Account	A statement and explanation or vindication of one's conduct with reference to judgment thereon.
Account	An estimate or estimation; valuation; judgment.
Account	Importance; worth; value; advantage; profit.
Accounted	of Account
Accounting	of Account
Account	To reckon; to compute; to count.
Account	To place to one's account; to put to the credit of; to assign; -- with to.
Account	To value, estimate, or hold in opinion; to judge or consider; to deem.
Account	To recount; to relate.
Account	To render or receive an account or relation of particulars; as, an officer must account with or to the treasurer for money received.
Account	To render an account; to answer in judgment; -- with for; as, we must account for the use of our opportunities.
Account	To give a satisfactory reason; to tell the cause of; to explain; -- with for; as, idleness accounts for poverty.
Accountability	The state of being accountable; liability to be called on to render an account; accountableness.
Accountable	Liable to be called on to render an account; answerable; as, every man is accountable to God for his conduct.
Accountable	Capable of being accounted for; explicable.
Accountable ness	The quality or state of being accountable; accountability.
Accountably	In an accountable manner.
Accountancy	The art or employment of an accountant.
Accountant	One who renders account; one accountable.
Accountant	A reckoner.
Accountant	One who is skilled in, keeps, or adjusts, accounts; an officer in a public office, who has charge of the accounts.
Accountant	Accountable.
Accountantship	The office or employment of an accountant.
Account book	A book in which accounts are kept.
Accouple	To join; to couple.
Accouplement	The act of coupling, or the state of being coupled; union.
Accouplement	That which couples, as a tie or brace.
Accourage	To encourage.
Accourt	To treat courteously; to court.
Accoutered	of Accoutre
Accoutred	of Accoutre
Accoutering	of Accoutre
Accoutring	of Accoutre
Accouter	Alt. of Accoutre
Accoutre	To furnish with dress, or equipments, esp. those for military service; to equip; to attire; to array.
Accouterments	Alt. of Accoutrements
Accoutrements	Dress; trappings; equipment; specifically, the devices and equipments worn by soldiers.
Accoy	To render quiet; to soothe.
Accoy	To subdue; to tame; to daunt.
Accredited	of Accredit
Accrediting	of Accredit
Accredit	To put or bring into credit; to invest with credit or authority; to sanction.
Accredit	To send with letters credential, as an ambassador, envoy, or diplomatic agent; to authorize, as a messenger or delegate.
Accredit	To believe; to credit; to put trust in.
Accredit	To credit; to vouch for or consider (some one) as doing something, or (something) as belonging to some one.
Accreditation	The act of accrediting; as, letters of accreditation.
Accrementitial	Pertaining to accremention.
Accrementition	The process of generation by development of blastema, or fission of cells, in which the new formation is in all respect like the individual from which it proceeds.
Accresce	To accrue.
Accresce	To increase; to grow.
Accrescence	Continuous growth; an accretion.
Accrescent	Growing; increasing.
Accrescent	Growing larger after flowering.
Accrete	To grow together.
Accrete	To adhere; to grow (to); to be added; -- with to.
Accrete	To make adhere; to add.
Accrete	Characterized by accretion; made up; as, accrete matter.
Accrete	Grown together.
Accretion	The act of increasing by natural growth; esp. the increase of organic bodies by the internal accession of parts; organic growth.
Accretion	The act of increasing, or the matter added, by an accession of parts externally; an extraneous addition; as, an accretion of earth.
Accretion	Concretion; coherence of separate particles; as, the accretion of particles so as to form a solid mass.
Accretion	A growing together of parts naturally separate, as of the fingers toes.
Accretion	The adhering of property to something else, by which the owner of one thing becomes possessed of a right to another; generally, gain of land by the washing up of sand or sail from the sea or a river, or by a gradual recession of the water from the usual watermark.
Accretion	Gain to an heir or legatee, failure of a coheir to the same succession, or a co-legatee of the same thing, to take his share.
Accretive	Relating to accretion; increasing, or adding to, by growth.
Accriminate	To accuse of a crime.
Accroach	To hook, or draw to one's self as with a hook.
Accroach	To usurp, as jurisdiction or royal prerogatives.
Accroachment	An encroachment; usurpation.
Accrual	Accrument.
Accrued	of Accrue
Accruing	of Accrue
Accrue	To increase; to augment.
Accrue	To come to by way of increase; to arise or spring as a growth or result; to be added as increase, profit, or damage, especially as the produce of money lent.
Accrue	Something that accrues; advantage accruing.
Accruer	The act of accruing; accretion; as, title by accruer.
Accrument	The process of accruing, or that which has accrued; increase.
Accubation	The act or posture of reclining on a couch, as practiced by the ancients at meals.
Accumb	To recline, as at table.
Accumbency	The state of being accumbent or reclining.
Accumbent	Leaning or reclining, as the ancients did at their meals.
Accumbent	Lying against anything, as one part of a leaf against another leaf.
Accumbent	One who reclines at table.
Accumber	To encumber.
Accumulated	of Accumulate
Accumulating	of Accumulate
Accumulate	To heap up in a mass; to pile up; to collect or bring together; to amass; as, to accumulate a sum of money.
Accumulate	To grow or increase in quantity or number; to increase greatly.
Accumulate	Collected; accumulated.
Accumulation	The act of accumulating, the state of being accumulated, or that which is accumulated; as, an accumulation of earth, of sand, of evils, of wealth, of honors.
Accumulation	The concurrence of several titles to the same proof.
Accumulative	Characterized by accumulation; serving to collect or amass; cumulative; additional.
Accumulator	One who, or that which, accumulates, collects, or amasses.
Accumulator	An apparatus by means of which energy or power can be stored, such as the cylinder or tank for storing water for hydraulic elevators, the secondary or storage battery used for accumulating the energy of electrical charges, etc.
Accumulator	A system of elastic springs for relieving the strain upon a rope, as in deep-sea dredging.
Accuracy	The state of being accurate; freedom from mistakes, this exemption arising from carefulness; exact conformity to truth, or to a rule or model; precision; exactness; nicety; correctness; as, the value of testimony depends on its accuracy.
Accurate	In exact or careful conformity to truth, or to some standard of requirement, the result of care or pains; free from failure, error, or defect; exact; as, an accurate calculator; an accurate measure; accurate expression, knowledge, etc.
Accurate	Precisely fixed; executed with care; careful.
Accurately	In an accurate manner; exactly; precisely; without error or defect.
Accurateness	The state or quality of being accurate; accuracy; exactness; nicety; precision.
Accurse	To devote to destruction; to imprecate misery or evil upon; to curse; to execrate; to anathematize.
Accursed	Alt. of Accurst
Accurst	Doomed to destruction or misery; cursed; hence, bad enough to be under the curse; execrable; detestable; exceedingly hateful; -- as, an accursed deed.
Accusable	Liable to be accused or censured; chargeable with a crime or fault; blamable; -- with of.
Accusal	Accusation.
Accusant	An accuser.
Accusation	The act of accusing or charging with a crime or with a lighter offense.
Accusation	That of which one is accused; the charge of an offense or crime, or the declaration containing the charge.
Accusatival	Pertaining to the accusative case.
Accusative	Producing accusations; accusatory.
Accusative	Applied to the case (as the fourth case of Latin and Greek nouns) which expresses the immediate object on which the action or influence of a transitive verb terminates, or the immediate object of motion or tendency to, expressed by a preposition. It corresponds to the objective case in English.
Accusative	The accusative case.
Accusatively	In an accusative manner.
Accusatively	In relation to the accusative case in grammar.
Accusatorial	Accusatory.
Accusatorially	By way accusation.
Accusatory	Pertaining to, or containing, an accusation; as, an accusatory libel.
Accuse	Accusation.
Accused	of Accuse
Accusing	of Accuse
Accuse	To charge with, or declare to have committed, a crime or offense
Accuse	to charge with an offense, judicially or by a public process; -- with of; as, to accuse one of a high crime or misdemeanor.
Accuse	To charge with a fault; to blame; to censure.
Accuse	To betray; to show. [L.]
Accused	Charged with offense; as, an accused person.
Accusement	Accusation.
Accuser	One who accuses; one who brings a charge of crime or fault.
Accusingly	In an accusing manner.
Accustomed	of Accustom
Accustoming	of Accustom
Accustom	To make familiar by use; to habituate, familiarize, or inure; -- with to.
Accustom	To be wont.
Accustom	To cohabit.
Accustom	Custom.
Accustomable	Habitual; customary; wonted.
Accustomably	According to custom; ordinarily; customarily.
Accustomance	Custom; habitual use.
Accustomarily	Customarily.
Accustomary	Usual; customary.
Accustomed	Familiar through use; usual; customary.
Accustomed	Frequented by customers.
Accustomedness	Habituation.
Aces	of Ace
Ace	A unit; a single point or spot on a card or die; the card or die so marked; as, the ace of diamonds.
Ace	Hence: A very small quantity or degree; a particle; an atom; a jot.
Aceldama	The potter's field, said to have lain south of Jerusalem, purchased with the bribe which Judas took for betraying his Master, and therefore called the field of blood. Fig.: A field of bloodshed.
Acentric	Not centered; without a center.
Acephal	One of the Acephala.
Acephala	That division of the Mollusca which includes the bivalve shells, like the clams and oysters; -- so called because they have no evident head. Formerly the group included the Tunicata, Brachiopoda, and sometimes the Bryozoa. See Mollusca.
Acephalan	Same as Acephal.
Acephalan	Belonging to the Acephala.
Acephali	A fabulous people reported by ancient writers to have heads.
Acephali	A Christian sect without a leader.
Acephali	Bishops and certain clergymen not under regular diocesan control.
Acephali	A class of levelers in the time of K. Henry I.
Acephalist	One who acknowledges no head or superior.
Acephalocyst	A larval entozoon in the form of a subglobular or oval vesicle, or hydatid, filled with fluid, sometimes found in the tissues of man and the lower animals; -- so called from the absence of a head or visible organs on the vesicle. These cysts are the immature stages of certain tapeworms. Also applied to similar cysts of different origin.
Acephalocystic	Pertaining to, or resembling, the acephalocysts.
Acephalous	Headless.
Acephalous	Without a distinct head; -- a term applied to bivalve mollusks.
Acephalous	Having the style spring from the base, instead of from the apex, as is the case in certain ovaries.
Acephalous	Without a leader or chief.
Acephalous	Wanting the beginning.
Acephalous	Deficient and the beginning, as a line of poetry.
Acerate	A combination of aceric acid with a salifiable base.
Acerate	Acerose; needle-shaped.
Acerb	Sour, bitter, and harsh to the taste, as unripe fruit; sharp and harsh.
Acerbate	To sour; to imbitter; to irritate.
Acerbic	Sour or severe.
Acerbitude	Sourness and harshness.
Acerbity	Sourness of taste, with bitterness and astringency, like that of unripe fruit.
Acerbity	Harshness, bitterness, or severity; as, acerbity of temper, of language, of pain.
Aceric	Pertaining to, or obtained from, the maple; as, aceric acid.
Acerose	Having the nature of chaff; chaffy.
Acerose	Needle-shaped, having a sharp, rigid point, as the leaf of the pine.
Acerous	Same as Acerose.
Acerous	Destitute of tentacles, as certain mollusks.
Acerous	Without antennae, as some insects.
Acerval	Pertaining to a heap.
Acervate	To heap up.
Acervate	Heaped, or growing in heaps, or closely compacted clusters.
Acervation	A heaping up; accumulation.
Acervative	Heaped up; tending to heap up.
Acervose	Full of heaps.
Acervuline	Resembling little heaps.
Acescence	Alt. of Acescency
Acescency	The quality of being acescent; the process of acetous fermentation; a moderate degree of sourness.
Acescent	Turning sour; readily becoming tart or acid; slightly sour.
Acescent	A substance liable to become sour.
Acetable	An acetabulum; or about one eighth of a pint.
Acetabular	Cup-shaped; saucer-shaped; acetabuliform.
Acetabulifera	The division of Cephalopoda in which the arms are furnished with cup-shaped suckers, as the cuttlefishes, squids, and octopus; the Dibranchiata. See Cephalopoda.
Acetabuliferous	Furnished with fleshy cups for adhering to bodies, as cuttlefish, etc.
Acetabuliform	Shaped like a shallow cup; saucer-shaped; as, an acetabuliform calyx.
Acetabulum	A vinegar cup; socket of the hip bone; a measure of about one eighth of a pint, etc.
Acetabulum	The bony cup which receives the head of the thigh bone.
Acetabulum	The cavity in which the leg of an insect is inserted at its articulation with the body.
Acetabulum	A sucker of the sepia or cuttlefish and related animals.
Acetabulum	The large posterior sucker of the leeches.
Acetabulum	One of the lobes of the placenta in ruminating animals.
Acetal	A limpid, colorless, inflammable liquid from the slow oxidation of alcohol under the influence of platinum black.
Acetaldehyde	Acetic aldehyde. See Aldehyde.
Acetamide	A white crystalline solid, from ammonia by replacement of an equivalent of hydrogen by acetyl.
Acetanilide	A compound of aniline with acetyl, used to allay fever or pain; -- called also antifebrine.
Acetarious	Used in salads; as, acetarious plants.
Acetary	An acid pulp in certain fruits, as the pear.
Acetate	A salt formed by the union of acetic acid with a base or positive radical; as, acetate of lead, acetate of potash.
Acetated	Combined with acetic acid.
Acetic	Of a pertaining to vinegar; producing vinegar; producing vinegar; as, acetic fermentation.
Acetic	Pertaining to, containing, or derived from, acetyl, as acetic ether, acetic acid. The latter is the acid to which the sour taste of vinegar is due.
Acetification	The act of making acetous or sour; the process of converting, or of becoming converted, into vinegar.
Acetifier	An apparatus for hastening acetification.
Acetified	of Acetify
Acetifying	of Acetify
Acetify	To convert into acid or vinegar.
Acetify	To turn acid.
Acetimeter	An instrument for estimating the amount of acetic acid in vinegar or in any liquid containing acetic acid.
Acetimetry	The act or method of ascertaining the strength of vinegar, or the proportion of acetic acid contained in it.
Acetin	A combination of acetic acid with glycerin.
Acetize	To acetify.
Acetometer	Same as Acetimeter.
Acetone	A volatile liquid consisting of three parts of carbon, six of hydrogen, and one of oxygen; pyroacetic spirit, -- obtained by the distillation of certain acetates, or by the destructive distillation of citric acid, starch, sugar, or gum, with quicklime.
Acetonic	Of or pertaining to acetone; as, acetonic bodies.
Acetose	Sour like vinegar; acetous.
Acetosity	The quality of being acetous; sourness.
Acetous	Having a sour taste; sour; acid.
Acetous	Causing, or connected with, acetification; as, acetous fermentation.
Acetyl	A complex, hypothetical radical, composed of two parts of carbon to three of hydrogen and one of oxygen. Its hydroxide is acetic acid.
Acetylene	A gaseous compound of carbon and hydrogen, in the proportion of two atoms of the former to two of the latter. It is a colorless gas, with a peculiar, unpleasant odor, and is produced for use as an illuminating gas in a number of ways, but chiefly by the action of water on calcium carbide. Its light is very brilliant.
Ach	Alt. of Ache
Ache	A name given to several species of plants; as, smallage, wild celery, parsley.
Achaean	Alt. of Achaian
Achaian	Of or pertaining to Achaia in Greece; also, Grecian.
Achaian	A native of Achaia; a Greek.
Acharnement	Savage fierceness; ferocity.
Achate	An agate.
Achate	Purchase; bargaining.
Achate	Provisions. Same as Cates.
Achatina	A genus of land snails, often large, common in the warm parts of America and Africa.
Achatour	Purveyor; acater.
Ache	Continued pain, as distinguished from sudden twinges, or spasmodic pain. "Such an ache in my bones."
Ached	of Ache
Aching	of Ache
Ache	To suffer pain; to have, or be in, pain, or in continued pain; to be distressed.
Achean	See Achaean, Achaian.
Achene	Alt. of Achenium
Achenium	A small, dry, indehiscent fruit, containing a single seed, as in the buttercup; -- called a naked seed by the earlier botanists.
Achenial	Pertaining to an achene.
Acheron	A river in the Nether World or infernal regions; also, the infernal regions themselves. By some of the English poets it was supposed to be a flaming lake or gulf.
Acherontic	Of or pertaining to Acheron; infernal; hence, dismal, gloomy; moribund.
Achievable	Capable of being achieved.
Achievance	Achievement.
Achieved	of Achieve
Achieving	of Achieve
Achieve	To carry on to a final close; to bring out into a perfected state; to accomplish; to perform; -- as, to achieve a feat, an exploit, an enterprise.
Achieve	To obtain, or gain, as the result of exertion; to succeed in gaining; to win.
Achieve	To finish; to kill.
Achievement	The act of achieving or performing; an obtaining by exertion; successful performance; accomplishment; as, the achievement of his object.
Achievement	A great or heroic deed; something accomplished by valor, boldness, or praiseworthy exertion; a feat.
Achievement	An escutcheon or ensign armorial; now generally applied to the funeral shield commonly called hatchment.
Achiever	One who achieves; a winner.
Achillean	Resembling Achilles, the hero of the Iliad; invincible.
Achilles' tendon	The strong tendon formed of the united tendons of the large muscles in the calf of the leg, an inserted into the bone of the heel; -- so called from the mythological account of Achilles being held by the heel when dipped in the River Styx.
Achilous	Without a lip.
Aching	That aches; continuously painful. See Ache.
Achiote	Seeds of the annotto tree; also, the coloring matter, annotto.
Achlamydate	Not possessing a mantle; -- said of certain gastropods.
Achlamydeous	Naked; having no floral envelope, neither calyx nor corolla.
Acholia	Deficiency or want of bile.
Acholous	Lacking bile.
Achromatic	Free from color; transmitting light without decomposing it into its primary colors.
Achromatic	Uncolored; not absorbing color from a fluid; -- said of tissue.
Achromatically	In an achromatic manner.
Achromaticity	Achromatism.
Achromatin	Tissue which is not stained by fluid dyes.
Achromatism	The state or quality of being achromatic; as, the achromatism of a lens; achromaticity.
Achromatization	The act or process of achromatizing.
Achromatized	of Achromatize
Achromatizing	of Achromatize
Achromatize	To deprive of color; to make achromatic.
Achromatopsy	Color blindness; inability to distinguish colors; Daltonism.
Achronic	See Acronyc.
Achroodextrin	Dextrin not colorable by iodine. See Dextrin.
Achroous	Colorless; achromatic.
Achylous	Without chyle.
Achymous	Without chyme.
Aciculae	of Acicula
Acicula	One of the needlelike or bristlelike spines or prickles of some animals and plants; also, a needlelike crystal.
Acicular	Needle-shaped; slender like a needle or bristle, as some leaves or crystals; also, having sharp points like needless.
Aciculate	Alt. of Aciculated
Aciculated	Furnished with aciculae.
Aciculated	Acicular.
Aciculated	Marked with fine irregular streaks as if scratched by a needle.
Aciculiform	Needle-shaped; acicular.
Aciculite	Needle ore.
Acid	Sour, sharp, or biting to the taste; tart; having the taste of vinegar: as, acid fruits or liquors. Also fig.: Sour-tempered.
Acid	Of or pertaining to an acid; as, acid reaction.
Acid	A sour substance.
Acid	One of a class of compounds, generally but not always distinguished by their sour taste, solubility in water, and reddening of vegetable blue or violet colors. They are also characterized by the power of destroying the distinctive properties of alkalies or bases, combining with them to form salts, at the same time losing their own peculiar properties. They all contain hydrogen, united with a more negative element or radical, either alone, or more generally with oxygen, and take their names from this negative element or radical. Those which contain no oxygen are sometimes called hydracids in distinction from the others which are called oxygen acids or oxacids.
Acidic	Containing a high percentage of silica; -- opposed to basic.
Acidiferous	Containing or yielding an acid.
Acidifiable	Capable of being acidified, or converted into an acid.
Acidific	Producing acidity; converting into an acid.
Acidification	The act or process of acidifying, or changing into an acid.
Acidifier	A simple or compound principle, whose presence is necessary to produce acidity, as oxygen, chlorine, bromine, iodine, etc.
Acidified	of Acidify
Acidifying	of Acidify
Acidify	To make acid; to convert into an acid; as, to acidify sugar.
Acidify	To sour; to imbitter.
Acidimeter	An instrument for ascertaining the strength of acids.
Acidimetry	The measurement of the strength of acids, especially by a chemical process based on the law of chemical combinations, or the fact that, to produce a complete reaction, a certain definite weight of reagent is required.
Acidity	The quality of being sour; sourness; tartness; sharpness to the taste; as, the acidity of lemon juice.
Acidly	Sourly; tartly.
Acidness	Acidity; sourness.
Acidulated	of Acidulate
Acidulating	of Acidulate
Acidulate	To make sour or acid in a moderate degree; to sour somewhat.
Acidulent	Having an acid quality; sour; acidulous.
Acidulous	Slightly sour; sub-acid; sourish; as, an acidulous tincture.
Acierage	The process of coating the surface of a metal plate (as a stereotype plate) with steellike iron by means of voltaic electricity; steeling.
Aciform	Shaped like a needle.
Acinaceous	Containing seeds or stones of grapes, or grains like them.
Acinaces	A short sword or saber.
Acinaciform	Scimeter-shaped; as, an acinaciform leaf.
Acinesia	Same as Akinesia.
Acinetae	A group of suctorial Infusoria, which in the adult stage are stationary. See Suctoria.
Acinetiform	Resembling the Acinetae.
Aciniform	Having the form of a cluster of grapes; clustered like grapes.
Aciniform	Full of small kernels like a grape.
Acinose	Alt. of Acinous
Acinous	Consisting of acini, or minute granular concretions; as, acinose or acinous glands.
Acini	of Acinus
Acinus	One of the small grains or drupelets which make up some kinds of fruit, as the blackberry, raspberry, etc.
Acinus	A grapestone.
Acinus	One of the granular masses which constitute a racemose or compound gland, as the pancreas; also, one of the saccular recesses in the lobules of a racemose gland.
Acipenser	A genus of ganoid fishes, including the sturgeons, having the body armed with bony scales, and the mouth on the under side of the head. See Sturgeon.
Aciurgy	Operative surgery.
Acknow	To recognize.
Acknow	To acknowledge; to confess.
Acknowledged	of Acknowledge
Acknowledging	of Acknowledge
Acknowledge	To of or admit the knowledge of; to recognize as a fact or truth; to declare one's belief in; as, to acknowledge the being of a God.
Acknowledge	To own or recognize in a particular character or relationship; to admit the claims or authority of; to give recognition to.
Acknowledge	To own with gratitude or as a benefit or an obligation; as, to acknowledge a favor, the receipt of a letter.
Acknowledge	To own as genuine; to assent to, as a legal instrument, to give it validity; to avow or admit in legal form; as, to acknowledgea deed.
Acknowledgedly	Confessedly.
Acknowledger	One who acknowledges.
Acknowledgment	The act of acknowledging; admission; avowal; owning; confession.
Acknowledgment	The act of owning or recognized in a particular character or relationship; recognition as regards the existence, authority, truth, or genuineness.
Acknowledgment	The owning of a benefit received; courteous recognition; expression of thanks.
Acknowledgment	Something given or done in return for a favor, message, etc.
Acknowledgment	A declaration or avowal of one's own act, to give it legal validity; as, the acknowledgment of a deed before a proper officer. Also, the certificate of the officer attesting such declaration.
Aclinic	Without inclination or dipping; -- said the magnetic needle balances itself horizontally, having no dip.  The aclinic line is also termed the magnetic equator.
Acme	The top or highest point; the culmination.
Acme	The crisis or height of a disease.
Acme	Mature age; full bloom of life.
Acne	A pustular affection of the skin, due to changes in the sebaceous glands.
Acnodal	Pertaining to acnodes.
Acnode	An isolated point not upon a curve, but whose coordinates satisfy the equation of the curve so that it is considered as belonging to the curve.
Acock	In a cocked or turned up fashion.
Acockbill	Hanging at the cathead, ready to let go, as an anchor.
Acockbill	Topped up; having one yardarm higher than the other.
Acold	Cold.
Acologic	Pertaining to acology.
Acology	Materia medica; the science of remedies.
Acolothist	See Acolythist.
Acolyctine	An organic base, in the form of a white powder, obtained from Aconitum lycoctonum.
Acolyte	One who has received the highest of the four minor orders in the Catholic church, being ordained to carry the wine and water and the lights at the Mass.
Acolyte	One who attends; an assistant.
Acolyth	Same as Acolyte.
Acolythist	An acolyte.
Aconddylose	Alt. of Acondylous
Acondylous	Being without joints; jointless.
Aconital	Of the nature of aconite.
Aconite	The herb wolfsbane, or monkshood; -- applied to any plant of the genus Aconitum (tribe Hellebore), all the species of which are poisonous.
Aconite	An extract or tincture obtained from Aconitum napellus, used as a poison and medicinally.
Aconitia	Same as Aconitine.
Aconitic	Of or pertaining to aconite.
Aconitine	An intensely poisonous alkaloid, extracted from aconite.
Aconitum	The poisonous herb aconite; also, an extract from it.
Acontia	Threadlike defensive organs, composed largely of nettling cells (cnidae), thrown out of the mouth or special pores of certain Actiniae when irritated.
Acontias	Anciently, a snake, called dart snake; now, one of a genus of reptiles closely allied to the lizards.
Acopic	Relieving weariness; restorative.
Acorn	The fruit of the oak, being an oval nut growing in a woody cup or cupule.
Acorn	A cone-shaped piece of wood on the point of the spindle above the vane, on the mast-head.
Acorn	See Acorn-shell.
Acorn cup	The involucre or cup in which the acorn is fixed.
Acorned	Furnished or loaded with acorns.
Acorned	Fed or filled with acorns.
Acorn-shell	One of the sessile cirripeds; a barnacle of the genus Balanus. See Barnacle.
Acosmism	A denial of the existence of the universe as distinct from God.
Acosmist	One who denies the existence of the universe, or of a universe as distinct from God.
Acotyledon	A plant which has no cotyledons, as the dodder and all flowerless plants.
Acotyledonous	Having no seed lobes, as the dodder; also applied to plants which have no true seeds, as ferns, mosses, etc.
Acouchy	A small species of agouti (Dasyprocta acouchy).
Acoumeter	An instrument for measuring the acuteness of the sense of hearing.
Acoumetry	The measuring of the power or extent of hearing.
Acoustic	Pertaining to the sense of hearing, the organs of hearing, or the science of sounds; auditory.
Acoustic	A medicine or agent to assist hearing.
Acoustical	Of or pertaining to acoustics.
Acoustically	In relation to sound or to hearing.
Acoustician	One versed in acoustics.
Acoustics	The science of sounds, teaching their nature, phenomena, and laws.
Acquaint	Acquainted.
Acquainted	of Acquaint
Acquainting	of Acquaint
Acquaint	To furnish or give experimental knowledge of; to make (one) to know; to make familiar; -- followed by with.
Acquaint	To communicate notice to; to inform; to make cognizant; -- followed by with (formerly, also, by of), or by that, introducing the intelligence; as, to acquaint a friend with the particulars of an act.
Acquaint	To familiarize; to accustom.
Acquaintable	Easy to be acquainted with; affable.
Acquaintance	A state of being acquainted, or of having intimate, or more than slight or superficial, knowledge; personal knowledge gained by intercourse short of that of friendship or intimacy; as, I know the man; but have no acquaintance with him.
Acquaintance	A person or persons with whom one is acquainted.
Acquaintanceship	A state of being acquainted; acquaintance.
Acquaintant	An acquaintance.
Acquainted	Personally known; familiar. See To be acquainted with, under Acquaint, v. t.
Acquaintedness	State of being acquainted; degree of acquaintance.
Acquest	Acquisition; the thing gained.
Acquest	Property acquired by purchase, gift, or otherwise than by inheritance.
Acquiesced	of Acquiesce
Acquiescing	of Acquiesce
Acquiesce	To rest satisfied, or apparently satisfied, or to rest without opposition and discontent (usually implying previous opposition or discontent); to accept or consent by silence or by omitting to object; -- followed by in, formerly also by with and to.
Acquiesce	To concur upon conviction; as, to acquiesce in an opinion; to assent to; usually, to concur, not heartily but so far as to forbear opposition.
Acquiescence	A silent or passive assent or submission, or a submission with apparent content; -- distinguished from avowed consent on the one hand, and on the other, from opposition or open discontent; quiet satisfaction.
Acquiescence	Submission to an injury by the party injured.
Acquiescence	Tacit concurrence in the action of another.
Acquiescency	The quality of being acquiescent; acquiescence.
Acquiescent	Resting satisfied or submissive; disposed tacitly to submit; assentive; as, an acquiescent policy.
Acquiescently	In an acquiescent manner.
Acquiet	To quiet.
Acquirability	The quality of being acquirable; attainableness.
Acquirable	Capable of being acquired.
Acquired	of Acquire
Acquiring	of Acquire
Acquire	To gain, usually by one's own exertions; to get as one's own; as, to acquire a title, riches, knowledge, skill, good or bad habits.
Acquirement	The act of acquiring, or that which is acquired; attainment.
Acquirer	A person who acquires.
Acquiry	Acquirement.
Acquisite	Acquired.
Acquisition	The act or process of acquiring.
Acquisition	The thing acquired or gained; an acquirement; a gain; as, learning is an acquisition.
Acquisitive	Acquired.
Acquisitive	Able or disposed to make acquisitions; acquiring; as, an acquisitive person or disposition.
Acquisitively	In the way of acquisition.
Acquisitiveness	The quality of being acquisitive; propensity to acquire property; desire of possession.
Acquisitiveness	The faculty to which the phrenologists attribute the desire of acquiring and possessing.
Acquisitor	One who acquires.
Acquist	Acquisition; gain.
Acquit	Acquitted; set free; rid of.
Acquitted	of Acquit
Acquitting	of Acquit
Acquit	To discharge, as a claim or debt; to clear off; to pay off; to requite.
Acquit	To pay for; to atone for.
Acquit	To set free, release or discharge from an obligation, duty, liability, burden, or from an accusation or charge; -- now followed by of before the charge, formerly by from; as, the jury acquitted the prisoner; we acquit a man of evil intentions.
Acquit	To clear one's self.
Acquit	To bear or conduct one's self; to perform one's part; as, the soldier acquitted himself well in battle; the orator acquitted himself very poorly.
Acquitment	Acquittal.
Acquittal	The act of acquitting; discharge from debt or obligation; acquittance.
Acquittal	A setting free, or deliverance from the charge of an offense, by verdict of a jury or sentence of a court.
Acquittance	The clearing off of debt or obligation; a release or discharge from debt or other liability.
Acquittance	A writing which is evidence of a discharge; a receipt in full, which bars a further demand.
Acquittance	To acquit.
Acquitter	One who acquits or releases.
Acrania	Partial or total absence of the skull.
Acrania	The lowest group of Vertebrata, including the amphioxus, in which no skull exists.
Acranial	Wanting a skull.
Acrase	Alt. of Acraze
Acraze	To craze.
Acraze	To impair; to destroy.
Acrasia	Alt. of Acrasy
Acrasy	Excess; intemperance.
Acraspeda	A group of acalephs, including most of the larger jellyfishes; the Discophora.
Acre	Any field of arable or pasture land.
Acre	A piece of land, containing 160 square rods, or 4,840 square yards, or 43,560 square feet. This is the English statute acre. That of the United States is the same. The Scotch acre was about 1.26 of the English, and the Irish 1.62 of the English.
Acreable	Of an acre; per acre; as, the acreable produce.
Acreage	Acres collectively; as, the acreage of a farm or a country.
Acred	Possessing acres or landed property; -- used in composition; as, large-acred men.
Acrid	Sharp and harsh, or bitter and not, to the taste; pungent; as, acrid salts.
Acrid	Causing heat and irritation; corrosive; as, acrid secretions.
Acrid	Caustic; bitter; bitterly irritating; as, acrid temper, mind, writing.
Acridity	Alt. of Acridness
Acridness	The quality of being acrid or pungent; irritant bitterness; acrimony; as, the acridity of a plant, of a speech.
Acridly	In an acid manner.
Acrimonious	Acrid; corrosive; as, acrimonious gall.
Acrimonious	Caustic; bitter-tempered' sarcastic; as, acrimonious dispute, language, temper.
Acrimoniously	In an acrimonious manner.
Acrimoniousness	The quality of being acrimonious; asperity; acrimony.
Acrimonies	of Acrimony
Acrimony	A quality of bodies which corrodes or destroys others; also, a harsh or biting sharpness; as, the acrimony of the juices of certain plants.
Acrimony	Sharpness or severity, as of language or temper; irritating bitterness of disposition or manners.
Acrisia	Alt. of Acrisy
Acrisy	Inability to judge.
Acrisy	Undecided character of a disease.
Acrita	The lowest groups of animals, in which no nervous system has been observed.
Acritan	Of or pertaining to the Acrita.
Acritan	An individual of the Acrita.
Acrite	Acritan.
Acritical	Having no crisis; giving no indications of a crisis; as, acritical symptoms, an acritical abscess.
Acritochromacy	Color blindness; achromatopsy.
Acritude	Acridity; pungency joined with heat.
Acrity	Sharpness; keenness.
Acroamatic	Alt. of Acroamatical
Acroamatical	Communicated orally; oral; -- applied to the esoteric teachings of Aristotle, those intended for his genuine disciples, in distinction from his exoteric doctrines, which were adapted to outsiders or the public generally. Hence: Abstruse; profound.
Acroatic	Same as Acroamatic.
Acrobat	One who practices rope dancing, high vaulting, or other daring gymnastic feats.
Acrobatic	Pertaining to an acrobat.
Acrobatism	Feats of the acrobat; daring gymnastic feats; high vaulting.
Acrocarpous	Having a terminal fructification; having the fruit at the end of the stalk.
Acrocarpous	Having the fruit stalks at the end of a leafy stem, as in certain mosses.
Acrocephalic	Characterized by a high skull.
Acrocephaly	Loftiness of skull.
Acroceraunian	Of or pertaining to the high mountain range of "thunder-smitten" peaks (now Kimara), between Epirus and Macedonia.
Acrodactylum	The upper surface of the toes, individually.
Acrodont	One of a group of lizards having the teeth immovably united to the top of the alveolar ridge.
Acrodont	Of or pertaining to the acrodonts.
Acrogen	A plant of the highest class of cryptogams, including the ferns, etc. See Cryptogamia.
Acrogenous	Increasing by growth from the extremity; as, an acrogenous plant.
Acrolein	A limpid, colorless, highly volatile liquid, obtained by the dehydration of glycerin, or the destructive distillation of neutral fats containing glycerin. Its vapors are intensely irritating.
Acrolith	A statue whose extremities are of stone, the trunk being generally of wood.
Acrolithan	Alt. of Acrolithic
Acrolithic	Pertaining to, or like, an acrolith.
Acromegaly	Chronic enlargement of the extremities and face.
Acromial	Of or pertaining to the acromion.
Acromion	The outer extremity of the shoulder blade.
Acromonogrammatic	Having each verse begin with the same letter as that with which the preceding verse ends.
Acronyc	Alt. of Acronychal
Acronychal	Rising at sunset and setting at sunrise, as a star; -- opposed to cosmical.
Acronycally	In an acronycal manner as rising at the setting of the sun, and vice versa.
Acronyctous	Acronycal.
Acrook	Crookedly.
Acropetal	Developing from below towards the apex, or from the circumference towards the center; centripetal; -- said of certain inflorescence.
Acrophony	The use of a picture symbol of an object to represent phonetically the initial sound of the name of the object.
Acropodium	The entire upper surface of the foot.
Acropolis	The upper part, or the citadel, of a Grecian city; especially, the citadel of Athens.
Acropolitan	Pertaining to an acropolis.
Acrospire	The sprout at the end of a seed when it begins to germinate; the plumule in germination; -- so called from its spiral form.
Acrospire	To put forth the first sprout.
Acrospore	A spore borne at the extremity of the cells of fructification in fungi.
Acrosporous	Having acrospores.
Across	From side to side; athwart; crosswise, or in a direction opposed to the length; quite over; as, a bridge laid across a river.
Across	From side to side; crosswise; as, with arms folded across.
Across	Obliquely; athwart; amiss; awry.
Acrostic	A composition, usually in verse, in which the first or the last letters of the lines, or certain other letters, taken in order, form a name, word, phrase, or motto.
Acrostic	A Hebrew poem in which the lines or stanzas begin with the letters of the alphabet in regular order (as Psalm cxix.). See Abecedarian.
Acrostic	Alt. of Acrostical
Acrostical	Pertaining to, or characterized by, acrostics.
Acrostically	After the manner of an acrostic.
Acrotarsium	The instep or front of the tarsus.
Acroteleutic	The end of a verse or psalm, or something added thereto, to be sung by the people, by way of a response.
Acroter	Same as Acroterium.
Acroterial	Pertaining to an acroterium; as, acroterial ornaments.
Acroteria	of Acroterium
Acroterium	One of the small pedestals, for statues or other ornaments, placed on the apex and at the basal angles of a pediment. Acroteria are also sometimes placed upon the gables in Gothic architecture.
Acroterium	One of the pedestals, for vases or statues, forming a part roof balustrade.
Acrotic	Pertaining to or affecting the surface.
Acrotism	Lack or defect of pulsation.
Acrotomous	Having a cleavage parallel with the base.
Acrylic	Of or containing acryl, the hypothetical radical of which acrolein is the hydride; as, acrylic acid.
Act	That which is done or doing; the exercise of power, or the effect, of which power exerted is the cause; a performance; a deed.
Act	The result of public deliberation; the decision or determination of a legislative body, council, court of justice, etc.; a decree, edit, law, judgment, resolve, award; as, an act of Parliament, or of Congress.
Act	A formal solemn writing, expressing that something has been done.
Act	A performance of part of a play; one of the principal divisions of a play or dramatic work in which a certain definite part of the action is completed.
Act	A thesis maintained in public, in some English universities, by a candidate for a degree, or to show the proficiency of a student.
Act	A state of reality or real existence as opposed to a possibility or possible existence.
Act	Process of doing; action. In act, in the very doing; on the point of (doing).
Acted	of Act
Acting	of Act
Act	To move to action; to actuate; to animate.
Act	To perform; to execute; to do.
Act	To perform, as an actor; to represent dramatically on the stage.
Act	To assume the office or character of; to play; to personate; as, to act the hero.
Act	To feign or counterfeit; to simulate.
Act	To exert power; to produce an effect; as, the stomach acts upon food.
Act	To perform actions; to fulfill functions; to put forth energy; to move, as opposed to remaining at rest; to carry into effect a determination of the will.
Act	To behave or conduct, as in morals, private duties, or public offices; to bear or deport one's self; as, we know not why he has acted so.
Act	To perform on the stage; to represent a character.
Actable	Capable of being acted.
Actinal	Pertaining to the part of a radiate animal which contains the mouth.
Actinaria	A large division of Anthozoa, including those which have simple tentacles and do not form stony corals. Sometimes, in a wider sense, applied to all the Anthozoa, expert the Alcyonaria, whether forming corals or not.
Acting	Operating in any way.
Acting	Doing duty for another; officiating; as, an   acting superintendent.
Actiniae	of Actinia
Actinias	of Actinia
Actinia	An animal of the class Anthozoa, and family Actinidae.  From a resemblance to flowers in form and color, they are often called animal flowers and sea anemones. [See Polyp.].
Actinia	A genus in the family Actinidae.
Actinic	Of or pertaining to actinism; as, actinic rays.
Actiniform	Having a radiated form, like a sea anemone.
Actinism	The property of radiant energy (found chiefly in solar or electric light) by which chemical changes are produced, as in photography.
Actinium	A supposed metal, said by Phipson to be contained in commercial zinc; -- so called because certain of its compounds are darkened by exposure to light.
Actino-chemistry	Chemistry in its relations to actinism.
Actinograph	An instrument for measuring and recording the variations in the actinic or chemical force of rays of light.
Actinoid	Having the form of rays; radiated, as an actinia.
Actinolite	A bright green variety of amphibole occurring usually in fibrous or columnar masses.
Actinolitic	Of the nature of, or containing, actinolite.
Actinology	The science which treats of rays of light, especially of the actinic or chemical rays.
Actinomere	One of the radial segments composing the body of one of the Coelenterata.
Actinometer	An instrument for measuring the direct heating power of the sun's rays.
Actinometer	An instrument for measuring the actinic effect of rays of light.
Actinometric	Pertaining to the measurement of the intensity of the solar rays, either (a) heating, or (b) actinic.
Actinometry	The measurement of the force of solar radiation.
Actinometry	The measurement of the chemical or actinic energy of light.
Actinophorous	Having straight projecting spines.
Actinosome	The entire body of a coelenterate.
Actinost	One of the bones at the base of a paired fin of a fish.
Actinostome	The mouth or anterior opening of a coelenterate animal.
Actinotrocha	A peculiar larval form of Phoronis, a genus of marine worms, having a circle of ciliated tentacles.
Actinozoa	A group of Coelenterata, comprising the Anthozoa and Ctenophora. The sea anemone, or actinia, is a familiar example.
Actinozoal	Of or pertaining to the Actinozoa.
Actinozoon	One of the Actinozoa.
Actinula	A kind of embryo of certain hydroids (Tubularia), having a stellate form.
Action	A process or condition of acting or moving, as opposed to rest; the doing of something; exertion of power or force, as when one body acts on another; the effect of power exerted on one body by another; agency; activity; operation; as, the action of heat; a man of action.
Action	An act; a thing done; a deed; an enterprise. (pl.):    Habitual deeds; hence, conduct; behavior; demeanor.
Action	The event or connected series of events, either real or imaginary, forming the subject of a play, poem, or other composition; the unfolding of the drama of events.
Action	Movement; as, the horse has a spirited action.
Action	Effective motion; also, mechanism; as, the breech action of a gun.
Action	Any one of the active processes going on in an organism; the performance of a function; as, the action of the heart, the muscles, or the gastric juice.
Action	Gesticulation; the external deportment of the speaker, or the suiting of his attitude, voice, gestures, and countenance, to the subject, or to the feelings.
Action	The attitude or position of the several parts of the body as expressive of the sentiment or passion depicted.
Action	A suit or process, by which a demand is made of a right in a court of justice; in a broad sense, a judicial proceeding for the enforcement or protection of a right, the redress or prevention of a wrong, or the punishment of a public offense.
Action	A right of action; as, the law gives an action for every claim.
Action	A share in the capital stock of a joint-stock company, or in the public funds; hence, in the plural, equivalent to stocks.
Action	An engagement between troops in war, whether on land or water; a battle; a fight; as, a general action, a partial action.
Action	The mechanical contrivance by means of which the impulse of the player's finger is transmitted to the strings of a pianoforte or to the valve of an organ pipe.
Actionable	That may be the subject of an action or suit at law; as, to call a man a thief is actionable.
Actionably	In an actionable manner.
Actionary	Alt. of Actionist
Actionist	A shareholder in joint-stock company.
Actionless	Void of action.
Activate	To make active.
Active	Having the power or quality of acting; causing change; communicating action or motion; acting; -- opposed to passive, that receives; as, certain active principles; the powers of the mind.
Active	Quick in physical movement; of an agile and vigorous body; nimble; as, an active child or animal.
Active	In action; actually proceeding; working; in force; -- opposed to quiescent, dormant, or extinct; as, active laws; active hostilities; an active volcano.
Active	Given to action; constantly engaged in action; energetic; diligent; busy; -- opposed to dull, sluggish, indolent, or inert; as, an active man of business; active mind; active zeal.
Active	Requiring or implying action or exertion; -- opposed to sedentary or to tranquil; as, active employment or service; active scenes.
Active	Given to action rather than contemplation; practical; operative; -- opposed to speculative or theoretical; as, an active rather than a speculative statesman.
Active	Brisk; lively; as, an active demand for corn.
Active	Implying or producing rapid action; as, an active disease; an active remedy.
Active	Applied to a form of the verb; -- opposed to passive. See Active voice, under Voice. 
Active	Applied to verbs which assert that the subject acts upon or affects something else; transitive.
Active	Applied to all verbs that express action as distinct from mere existence or state.
Actively	In an active manner; nimbly; briskly; energetically; also, by one's own action; voluntarily, not passively.
Actively	In an active signification; as, a word used   actively.
Activeness	The quality of being active; nimbleness; quickness of motion; activity.
Activities	of Activity
Activity	The state or quality of being active; nimbleness; agility; vigorous action or operation; energy; active force; as, an increasing variety of human activities.
Actless	Without action or spirit.
Acton	A stuffed jacket worn under the mail, or (later) a jacket plated with mail.
Actor	One who acts, or takes part in any affair; a doer.
Actor	A theatrical performer; a stageplayer.
Actor	An advocate or proctor in civil courts or causes.
Actor	One who institutes a suit; plaintiff or complainant.
Actress	A female actor or doer.
Actress	A female stageplayer; a woman who acts a part.
Actual	Involving or comprising action; active.
Actual	Existing in act or reality; really acted or acting; in fact; real; -- opposed to potential, possible, virtual, speculative, conceivable, theoretical, or nominal; as, the actual cost of goods; the actual case under discussion.
Actual	In action at the time being; now exiting; present; as the actual situation of the country.
Actual	Something actually received; real, as distinct from estimated, receipts.
Actualist	One who deals with or considers actually existing facts and conditions, rather than fancies or theories; -- opposed to idealist.
Actualities	of Actuality
Actuality	The state of being actual; reality; as, the actuality of God's nature.
Actualization	A making actual or really existent.
Actualize	To make actual; to realize in action.
Actually	Actively.
Actually	In act or in fact; really; in truth; positively.
Actualness	Quality of being actual; actuality.
Actuarial	Of or pertaining to actuaries; as, the actuarial value of an annuity.
Actuaries	of Actuary
Actuary	A registrar or clerk; -- used originally in courts of civil law jurisdiction, but in Europe used for a clerk or registrar generally.
Actuary	The computing official of an insurance company; one whose profession it is to calculate for insurance companies the risks and premiums for life, fire, and other insurances.
Actuated	of Actuate
Actuating	of Actuate
Actuate	To put into action or motion; to move or incite to action; to influence actively; to move as motives do; -- more commonly used of persons.
Actuate	To carry out in practice; to perform.
Actuate	Put in action; actuated.
Actuation	A bringing into action; movement.
Actuator	One who actuates, or puts into action.
Actuose	Very active.
Actuosity	Abundant activity.
Acture	Action.
Acturience	Tendency or impulse to act.
Acuate	To sharpen; to make pungent; to quicken.
Acuate	Sharpened; sharp-pointed.
Acuation	Act of sharpening.
Acuition	The act of sharpening.
Acuity	Sharpness or acuteness, as of a needle, wit, etc.
Aculeate	Having a sting; covered with prickles; sharp like a prickle.
Aculeate	Having prickles, or sharp points; beset with prickles.
Aculeate	Severe or stinging; incisive.
Aculeated	Having a sharp point; armed with prickles; prickly; aculeate.
Aculeiform	Like a prickle.
Aculeolate	Having small prickles or sharp points.
Aculeous	Aculeate.
Aculei	of Aculeus
Aculeus	A prickle growing on the bark, as in some brambles and roses.
Aculeus	A sting.
Acumen	Quickness of perception or discernment; penetration of mind; the faculty of nice discrimination.
Acuminate	Tapering to a point; pointed; as, acuminate leaves, teeth, etc.
Acuminate	To render sharp or keen.
Acuminate	To end in, or come to, a sharp point.
Acumination	A sharpening; termination in a sharp point; a tapering point.
Acuminose	Terminating in a flat, narrow end.
Acuminous	Characterized by acumen; keen.
Acupressure	A mode of arresting hemorrhage resulting from wounds or surgical operations, by passing under the divided vessel a needle, the ends of which are left exposed externally on the cutaneous surface.
Acupuncturation	See Acupuncture.
Acupuncture	Pricking with a needle; a needle prick.
Acupuncture	The insertion of needles into the living tissues for remedial purposes.
Acupuncture	To treat with acupuncture.
Acustumaunce	See Accustomance.
Acutangular	Acute-angled.
Acute	Sharp at the end; ending in a sharp point; pointed; -- opposed to blunt or obtuse; as, an acute angle; an acute leaf.
Acute	Having nice discernment; perceiving or using minute distinctions; penetrating; clever; shrewd; -- opposed to dull or stupid; as, an acute observer; acute remarks, or reasoning.
Acute	Having nice or quick sensibility; susceptible to slight impressions; acting keenly on the senses; sharp; keen; intense; as, a man of acute eyesight, hearing, or feeling; acute pain or pleasure.
Acute	High, or shrill, in respect to some other sound; -- opposed to grave or low; as, an acute tone or accent.
Acute	Attended with symptoms of some degree of severity, and coming speedily to a crisis; -- opposed to chronic; as, an acute disease.
Acute	To give an acute sound to; as, he acutes his rising inflection too much.
Acute-angled	Having acute angles; as, an acute-angled triangle, a triangle with every one of its angles less than a right angle.
Acutely	In an acute manner; sharply; keenly; with nice discrimination.
Acuteness	The quality of being acute or pointed; sharpness; as, the acuteness of an angle.
Acuteness	The faculty of nice discernment or perception; acumen; keenness; sharpness; sensitiveness; -- applied to the senses, or the understanding. By acuteness of feeling, we perceive small objects or slight impressions: by acuteness of intellect, we discern nice distinctions.
Acuteness	Shrillness; high pitch; -- said of sounds.
Acuteness	Violence of a disease, which brings it speedily to a crisis.
Acutifoliate	Having sharp-pointed leaves.
Acutilobate	Having acute lobes, as some leaves.
Ad-	As a prefix ad- assumes the forms ac-, af-, ag-, al-, an-, ap-, ar-, as-, at-, assimilating the d with the first letter of the word to which ad- is prefixed. It remains unchanged before vowels, and before d, h, j, m, v. Examples: adduce, adhere, adjacent, admit, advent, accord, affect, aggregate, allude, annex, appear, etc. It becomes ac- before qu, as in acquiesce.
Adact	To compel; to drive.
Adactyl	Alt. of Adactylous
Adactylous	Without fingers or without toes.
Adactylous	Without claws on the feet (of crustaceous animals).
Adage	An old saying, which has obtained credit by long use; a proverb.
Adagial	Pertaining to an adage; proverbial.
Adagio	Slow; slowly, leisurely, and gracefully. When repeated, adagio, adagio, it directs the movement to be very slow.
Adagio	A piece of music in adagio time; a slow movement; as, an adagio of Haydn.
Adam	The name given in the Bible to the first man, the progenitor of the human race.
Adam	"Original sin;" human frailty.
Adamant	A stone imagined by some to be of impenetrable hardness; a name given to the diamond and other substances of extreme hardness; but in modern mineralogy it has no technical signification. It is now a rhetorical or poetical name for the embodiment of impenetrable hardness.
Adamant	Lodestone; magnet.
Adamantean	Of adamant; hard as adamant.
Adamantine	Made of adamant, or having the qualities of adamant; incapable of being broken, dissolved, or penetrated; as, adamantine bonds or chains.
Adamantine	Like the diamond in hardness or luster.
Adambulacral	Next to the ambulacra; as, the adambulacral ossicles of the starfish.
Adamic	Alt. of Adamical
Adamical	Of or pertaining to Adam, or resembling him.
Adamite	A descendant of Adam; a human being.
Adamite	One of a sect of visionaries, who, professing to imitate the state of Adam, discarded the use of dress in their assemblies.
Adam's apple	See under Adam.
Adance	Dancing.
Adangle	Dangling.
Adansonia	A genus of great trees related to the Bombax. There are two species, A. digitata, the baobab or monkey-bread of Africa and India, and A. Gregorii, the sour gourd or cream-of-tartar tree of Australia.  Both have a trunk of moderate height, but of enormous diameter, and a wide-spreading head. The fruit is oblong, and filled with pleasantly acid pulp. The wood is very soft, and the bark is used by the natives for making ropes and cloth.
Adapt	Fitted; suited.
Adapted	of Adapt
Adapting	of Adapt
Adapt	To make suitable; to fit, or suit; to adjust; to alter so as to fit for a new use; -- sometimes followed by to or for.
Adaptability	Alt. of Adaptableness
Adaptableness	The quality of being adaptable; suitableness.
Adaptable	Capable of being adapted.
Adaptation	The act or process of adapting, or fitting; or the state of being adapted or fitted; fitness.
Adaptation	The result of adapting; an adapted form.
Adaptative	Adaptive.
Adaptedness	The state or quality of being adapted; suitableness; special fitness.
Adapter	One who adapts.
Adapter	A connecting tube; an adopter.
Adaption	Adaptation.
Adaptive	Suited, given, or tending, to adaptation; characterized by adaptation; capable of adapting.
Adaptiveness	The quality of being adaptive; capacity to adapt.
Adaptly	In a suitable manner.
Adaptness	Adaptedness.
Adaptorial	Adaptive.
Adar	The twelfth month of the Hebrew ecclesiastical year, and the sixth of the civil. It corresponded nearly with March.
Adarce	A saltish concretion on reeds and grass in marshy grounds in Galatia. It is soft and porous, and was formerly used for cleansing the skin from freckles and tetters, and also in leprosy.
Adatis	A fine cotton cloth of India.
Adaunt	To daunt; to subdue; to mitigate.
Adaw	To subdue; to daunt.
Adaw	To awaken; to arouse.
Adays	By day, or every day; in the daytime.
Ad captandum	A phrase used adjectively sometimes of meretricious attempts to catch or win popular favor.
Added	of Add
Adding	of Add
Add	To give by way of increased possession (to any one); to bestow (on).
Add	To join or unite, as one thing to another, or as several particulars, so as to increase the number, augment the quantity, enlarge the magnitude, or so as to form into one aggregate. Hence: To sum up; to put together mentally; as, to add numbers; to add up a column.
Add	To append, as a statement; to say further.
Add	To make an addition. To add to, to augment; to increase; as, it adds to our anxiety.
Add	To perform the arithmetical operation of addition; as, he adds rapidly.
Addable	Addible.
Addax	One of the largest African antelopes (Hippotragus, / Oryx, nasomaculatus).
Addeem	To award; to adjudge.
Addenda	of Addendum
Addendum	A thing to be added; an appendix or addition.
Adder	One who, or that which, adds; esp., a machine for adding numbers.
Adder	A serpent.
Adder	A small venomous serpent of the genus Vipera. The common European adder is the Vipera (/ Pelias) berus. The puff adders of Africa are species of Clotho.
Adder	In America, the term is commonly applied to several harmless snakes, as the milk adder, puffing adder, etc.
Adder	Same as Sea Adder.
Adder fly/	A dragon fly.
Adder's-tongue	A genus of ferns (Ophioglossum), whose seeds are produced on a spike resembling a serpent's tongue.
Adder's-tongue	The yellow dogtooth violet.
Adderwort	The common bistort or snakeweed (Polygonum bistorta).
Addibility	The quantity of being addible; capability of addition.
Addible	Capable of being added.
Addice	See Adze.
Addict	Addicted; devoted.
Addicted	of Addict
Addicting	of Addict
Addict	To apply habitually; to devote; to habituate; -- with to.
Addict	To adapt; to make suitable; to fit.
Addictedness	The quality or state of being addicted; attachment.
Addiction	The state of being addicted; devotion; inclination.
Addison's disease	A morbid condition causing a peculiar brownish discoloration of the skin, and thought, at one time, to be due to disease of the suprarenal capsules (two flat triangular bodies covering the upper part of the kidneys), but now known not to be dependent upon this causes exclusively. It is usually fatal.
Additament	An addition, or a thing added.
Addition	The act of adding two or more things together; -- opposed to subtraction or diminution.
Addition	Anything added; increase; augmentation; as, a piazza is an addition to a building.
Addition	That part of arithmetic which treats of adding numbers.
Addition	A dot at the right side of a note as an indication that its sound is to be lengthened one half.
Addition	A title annexed to a man's name, to identify him more precisely; as, John Doe, Esq.; Richard Roe, Gent.; Robert Dale, Mason; Thomas Way, of New York; a mark of distinction; a title.
Addition	Something added to a coat of arms, as a mark of honor; -- opposed to abatement.
Additional	Added; supplemental; in the way of an addition.
Additional	Something added.
Additionally	By way of addition.
Additionary	Additional.
Addititious	Additive.
Additive	Proper to be added; positive; -- opposed to subtractive.
Additory	Tending to add; making some addition.
Addle	Liquid filth; mire.
Addle	Lees; dregs.
Addle	Having lost the power of development, and become rotten, as eggs; putrid. Hence: Unfruitful or confused, as brains; muddled.
Addled	of Addle
Addling	of Addle
Addle	To make addle; to grow addle; to muddle; as, he addled his brain.
Addle	To earn by labor.
Addle	To thrive or grow; to ripen.
Addle-brain	Alt. of Addle-pate
Addle-head	Alt. of Addle-pate
Addle-pate	A foolish or dull-witted fellow.
Addle-brained	Alt. of Addle-pated
Addle-headed	Alt. of Addle-pated
Addle-pated	Dull-witted; stupid.
Addle-patedness	Stupidity.
Addlings	Earnings.
Addoom	To adjudge.
Addorsed	Set or turned back to back.
Addressed	of Address
Addressing	of Address
Address	To aim; to direct.
Address	To prepare or make ready.
Address	Reflexively: To prepare one's self; to apply one's skill or energies (to some object); to betake.
Address	To clothe or array; to dress.
Address	To direct, as words (to any one or any thing); to make, as a speech, petition, etc. (to any one, an audience).
Address	To direct speech to; to make a communication to, whether spoken or written; to apply to by words, as by a speech, petition, etc., to speak to; to accost.
Address	To direct in writing, as a letter; to superscribe, or to direct and transmit; as, he addressed a letter.
Address	To make suit to as a lover; to court; to woo.
Address	To consign or intrust to the care of another, as agent or factor; as, the ship was addressed to a merchant in Baltimore.
Address	To prepare one's self.
Address	To direct speech.
Address	Act of preparing one's self.
Address	Act of addressing one's self to a person; verbal application.
Address	A formal communication, either written or spoken; a discourse; a speech; a formal application to any one; a petition; a formal statement on some subject or special occasion; as, an address of thanks, an address to the voters.
Address	Direction or superscription of a letter, or the name, title, and place of residence of the person addressed.
Address	Manner of speaking to another; delivery; as, a man of pleasing or insinuating address.
Address	Attention in the way one's addresses to a lady.
Address	Skill; skillful management; dexterity; adroitness.
Addressee	One to whom anything is addressed.
Addression	The act of addressing or directing one's course.
Adduced	of Adduce
Adducing	of Adduce
Adduce	To bring forward or offer, as an argument, passage, or consideration which bears on a statement or case; to cite; to allege.
Adducent	Bringing together or towards a given point; -- a word applied to those muscles of the body which pull one part towards another. Opposed to abducent.
Adducer	One who adduces.
Adducible	Capable of being adduced.
Adduct	To draw towards a common center or a middle line.
Adduction	The act of adducing or bringing forward.
Adduction	The action by which the parts of the body are drawn towards its axis]; -- opposed to abduction.
Adductive	Adducing, or bringing towards or to something.
Adductor	A muscle which draws a limb or part of the body toward the middle line of the body, or closes extended parts of the body; -- opposed to abductor; as, the adductor of the eye, which turns the eye toward the nose.
Addulce	To sweeten; to soothe.
Adeem	To revoke, as a legacy, grant, etc., or to satisfy it by some other gift.
Adelantadillo	A Spanish red wine made of the first ripe grapes.
Adelantado	A governor of a province; a commander.
Adelaster	A provisional name for a plant which has not had its flowers botanically examined, and therefore has not been referred to its proper genus.
Adeling	Same as Atheling.
Adelocodonic	Applied to sexual zooids of hydroids, that have a saclike form and do not become free; -- opposed to phanerocodonic.
Adelopod	An animal having feet that are not apparent.
Adelphia	A "brotherhood," or collection of stamens in a bundle; -- used in composition, as in the class names, Monadelphia, Diadelphia, etc.
Adelphous	Having coalescent or clustered filaments; -- said of stamens; as, adelphous stamens. Usually in composition; as, monadelphous.
Adempt	Takes away.
Ademption	The revocation or taking away of a grant donation, legacy, or the like.
Aden-	Alt. of Adeno-
Adeno-	Combining forms of the Greek word for gland; -- used in words relating to the structure, diseases, etc., of the glands.
Adenalgia	Alt. of Adenalgy
Adenalgy	Pain in a gland.
Adeniform	Shaped like a gland; adenoid.
Adenitis	Glandular inflammation.
Adenographic	Pertaining to adenography.
Adenography	That part of anatomy which describes the glands.
Adenoid	Alt. of Adenoidal
Adenoidal	Glandlike; glandular.
Adenological	Pertaining to adenology.
Adenology	The part of physiology that treats of the glands.
Adenophorous	Producing glands.
Adenophyllous	Having glands on the leaves.
Adenose	Like a gland; full of glands; glandulous; adenous.
Adenotomic	Pertaining to adenotomy.
Adenotomy	Dissection of, or incision into, a gland or glands.
Adenous	Same as Adenose.
Adeps	Animal fat; lard.
Adept	One fully skilled or well versed in anything; a proficient; as, adepts in philosophy.
Adept	Well skilled; completely versed; thoroughly proficient.
Adeption	An obtaining; attainment.
Adeptist	A skilled alchemist.
Adeptness	The quality of being adept; skill.
Adequacy	The state or quality of being adequate, proportionate, or sufficient; a sufficiency for a particular purpose; as, the adequacy of supply to the expenditure.
Adequate	Equal to some requirement; proportionate, or correspondent; fully sufficient; as, powers adequate to a great work; an adequate definition.
Adequate	To equalize; to make adequate.
Adequate	To equal.
Adequately	In an adequate manner.
Adequateness	The quality of being adequate; suitableness; sufficiency; adequacy.
Adequation	The act of equalizing; act or result of making adequate; an equivalent.
Adesmy	The division or defective coherence of an organ that is usually entire.
Adessenarian	One who held the real presence of Christ's body in the eucharist, but not by transubstantiation.
Adfected	See Affected, 5.
Adfiliated	See Affiliated.
Adfiliation	See Affiliation.
Adfluxion	See Affluxion.
Adhamant	Clinging, as by hooks.
Adhered	of Adhere
Adhering	of Adhere
Adhere	To stick fast or cleave, as a glutinous substance does; to become joined or united; as, wax   to the finger; the lungs sometimes adhere to the pleura.
Adhere	To hold, be attached, or devoted; to remain fixed, either by personal union or conformity of faith, principle, or opinion; as, men adhere to a party, a cause, a leader, a church.
Adhere	To be consistent or coherent; to be in accordance; to agree.
Adherence	The quality or state of adhering.
Adherence	The state of being fixed in attachment; fidelity; steady attachment; adhesion; as, adherence to a party or to opinions.
Adherency	The state or quality of being adherent; adherence.
Adherency	That which adheres.
Adherent	Sticking; clinging; adhering.
Adherent	Attached as an attribute or circumstance.
Adherent	Congenitally united with an organ of another kind, as calyx with ovary, or stamens with petals.
Adherent	One who adheres; one who adheres; one who follows a leader, party, or profession; a follower, or partisan; a believer in a particular faith or church.
Adherent	That which adheres; an appendage.
Adherently	In an adherent manner.
Adherer	One who adheres; an adherent.
Adhesion	The action of sticking; the state of being attached; intimate union; as, the adhesion of glue, or of parts united by growth, cement, or the like.
Adhesion	Adherence; steady or firm attachment; fidelity; as, adhesion to error, to a policy.
Adhesion	Agreement to adhere; concurrence; assent.
Adhesion	The molecular attraction exerted between bodies in contact. See Cohesion.
Adhesion	Union of surface, normally separate, by the formation of new tissue resulting from an inflammatory process.
Adhesion	The union of parts which are separate in other plants, or in younger states of the same plant.
Adhesive	Sticky; tenacious, as glutinous substances.
Adhesive	Apt or tending to adhere; clinging.
Adhesively	In an adhesive manner.
Adhesiveness	The quality of sticking or adhering; stickiness; tenacity of union.
Adhesiveness	Propensity to form and maintain attachments to persons, and to promote social intercourse.
Adhibit	To admit, as a person or thing; to take in.
Adhibit	To use or apply; to administer.
Adhibit	To attach; to affix.
Adhibition	The act of adhibiting; application; use.
Ad hominem	A phrase applied to an appeal or argument addressed to the principles, interests, or passions of a man.
Adhort	To exhort; to advise.
Adhortation	Advice; exhortation.
Adhortatory	Containing counsel or warning; hortatory; advisory.
Adiabatic	Not giving out or receiving heat.
Adiactinic	Not transmitting the actinic rays.
Adiantum	A genus of ferns, the leaves of which shed water; maidenhair. Also, the black maidenhair, a species of spleenwort.
Adiaphorism	Religious indifference.
Adiaphorist	One of the German Protestants who, with Melanchthon, held some opinions and ceremonies to be indifferent or nonessential, which Luther condemned as sinful or heretical.
Adiaphoristic	Pertaining to matters indifferent in faith and practice.
Adiaphorite	Same as Adiaphorist.
Adiaphorous	Indifferent or neutral.
Adiaphorous	Incapable of doing either harm or good, as some medicines.
Adiaphory	Indifference.
Adiathermic	Not pervious to heat.
Adieu	Good-by; farewell; an expression of kind wishes at parting.
Adieus	of Adieu
Adieu	A farewell; commendation to the care of God at parting.
Adight	of Adight
Adight	To set in order; to array; to attire; to deck, to dress.
Ad infinitum	Without limit; endlessly.
Ad interim	Meanwhile; temporary.
Adipescent	Becoming fatty.
Adipic	Pertaining to, or derived from, fatty or oily substances; -- applied to certain acids obtained from fats by the action of nitric acid.
Adipocerate	To convert into adipocere.
Adipoceration	The act or process of changing into adipocere.
Adipocere	A soft, unctuous, or waxy substance, of a light brown color, into which the fat and muscle tissue of dead bodies sometimes are converted, by long immersion in water or by burial in moist places. It is a result of fatty degeneration.
Adipoceriform	Having the form or appearance of adipocere; as, an adipoceriform tumor.
Adipocerous	Like adipocere.
Adipose	Of or pertaining to animal fat; fatty.
Adiposeness	Alt. of Adiposity
Adiposity	The state of being fat; fatness.
Adipous	Fatty; adipose.
Adipsous	Quenching thirst, as certain fruits.
Adipsy	Absence of thirst.
Adit	An entrance or passage. Specifically: The nearly horizontal opening by which a mine is entered, or by which water and ores are carried away; -- called also drift and tunnel.
Adit	Admission; approach; access.
Adjacence	Alt. of Adjacency
Adjacency	The state of being adjacent or contiguous; contiguity; as, the adjacency of lands or buildings.
Adjacency	That which is adjacent.
Adjacent	Lying near, close, or contiguous; neighboring; bordering on; as, a field adjacent to the highway.
Adjacent	That which is adjacent.
Adjacently	So as to be adjacent.
Adject	To add or annex; to join.
Adjection	The act or mode of adding; also, the thing added.
Adjectional	Pertaining to adjection; that is, or may be, annexed.
Adjectitious	Added; additional.
Adjectival	Of or relating to the relating to the adjective; of the nature of an adjective; adjective.
Adjectivally	As, or in the manner of, an adjective; adjectively.
Adjective	Added to a substantive as an attribute; of the nature of an adjunct; as, an adjective word or sentence.
Adjective	Not standing by itself; dependent.
Adjective	Relating to procedure.
Adjective	A word used with a noun, or substantive, to express a quality of the thing named, or something attributed to it, or to limit or define it, or to specify or describe a thing, as distinct from something else. Thus, in phrase, "a wise ruler," wise is the adjective, expressing a property of ruler.
Adjective	A dependent; an accessory.
Adjectived	of Adjective
Adjectiving	of Adjective
Adjective	To make an adjective of; to form or change into an adjective.
Adjectively	In the manner of an adjective; as, a word used adjectively.
Adjoined	of Adjoin
Adjoining	of Adjoin
Adjoin	To join or unite to; to lie contiguous to; to be in contact with; to attach; to append.
Adjoin	To lie or be next, or in contact; to be contiguous; as, the houses adjoin.
Adjoin	To join one's self.
Adjoinant	Contiguous.
Adjoining	Joining to; contiguous; adjacent; as, an adjoining room.
Adjoint	An adjunct; a helper.
Adjourned	of Adjourn
Adjourning	of Adjourn
Adjourn	To put off or defer to another day, or indefinitely; to postpone; to close or suspend for the day; -- commonly said of the meeting, or the action, of convened body; as, to adjourn the meeting; to adjourn a debate.
Adjourn	To suspend business for a time, as from one day to another, or for a longer period, or indefinitely; usually, to suspend public business, as of legislatures and courts, or other convened bodies; as, congress adjourned at four o'clock; the court adjourned without day.
Adjournal	Adjournment; postponement.
Adjournment	The act of adjourning; the putting off till another day or time specified, or without day.
Adjournment	The time or interval during which a public body adjourns its sittings or postpones business.
Adjudged	of Adjudge
Adjudging	of Adjudge
Adjudge	To award judicially in the case of a controverted question; as, the prize was adjudged to the victor.
Adjudge	To determine in the exercise of judicial power; to decide or award judicially; to adjudicate; as, the case was adjudged in the November term.
Adjudge	To sentence; to condemn.
Adjudge	To regard or hold; to judge; to deem.
Adjudger	One who adjudges.
Adjudgment	The act of adjudging; judicial decision; adjudication.
Adjudicated	of Adjudicate
Adjudicating	of Adjudicate
Adjudicate	To adjudge; to try and determine, as a court; to settle by judicial decree.
Adjudicate	To come to a judicial decision; as, the court adjudicated upon the case.
Adjudication	The act of adjudicating; the act or process of trying and determining judicially.
Adjudication	A deliberate determination by the judicial power; a judicial decision or sentence.
Adjudication	The decision upon the question whether the debtor is a bankrupt.
Adjudication	A process by which land is attached security or in satisfaction of a debt.
Adjudicative	Adjudicating.
Adjudicator	One who adjudicates.
Adjudicature	Adjudication.
Adjugate	To yoke to.
Adjument	Help; support; also, a helper.
Adjuvant	A substance added to an immunogenic agent to enhance the production of antibodies.
Adjuvant	A substance added to a formulation of a drug which enhances the effect of the active ingredient.
Adjunct	Conjoined; attending; consequent.
Adjunct	Something joined or added to another thing, but not essentially a part of it.
Adjunct	A person joined to another in some duty or service; a colleague; an associate.
Adjunct	A word or words added to quality or amplify the force of other words; as, the History of the American Revolution, where the words in italics are the adjunct or adjuncts of "History."
Adjunct	A quality or property of the body or the mind, whether natural or acquired; as, color, in the body, judgment in the mind.
Adjunct	A key or scale closely related to another as principal; a relative or attendant key. [R.] See Attendant keys, under Attendant, a.
Adjunction	The act of joining; the thing joined or added.
Adjunctive	Joining; having the quality of joining; forming an adjunct.
Adjunctive	One who, or that which, is joined.
Adjunctively	In an adjunctive manner.
Adjunctly	By way of addition or adjunct; in connection with.
Adjuration	The act of adjuring; a solemn charging on oath, or under the penalty of a curse; an earnest appeal.
Adjuration	The form of oath or appeal.
Adjuratory	Containing an adjuration.
Adjured	of Adjure
Adjuring	of Adjure
Adjure	To charge, bind, or command, solemnly, as if under oath, or under the penalty of a curse; to appeal to in the most solemn or impressive manner; to entreat earnestly.
Adjurer	One who adjures.
Adjusted	of Adjust
Adjusting	of Adjust
Adjust	To make exact; to fit; to make correspondent or conformable; to bring into proper relations; as, to adjust a garment to the body, or things to a standard.
Adjust	To put in order; to regulate, or reduce to system.
Adjust	To settle or bring to a satisfactory state, so that parties are agreed in the result; as, to adjust accounts; the differences are adjusted.
Adjust	To bring to a true relative position, as the parts of an instrument; to regulate for use; as, to adjust a telescope or microscope.
Adjustable	Capable of being adjusted.
Adjustage	Adjustment.
Adjuster	One who, or that which, adjusts.
Adjustive	Tending to adjust.
Adjustment	The act of adjusting, or condition of being adjusted; act of bringing into proper relations; regulation.
Adjustment	Settlement of claims; an equitable arrangement of conflicting claims, as in set-off, contribution, exoneration, subrogation, and marshaling.
Adjustment	The operation of bringing all the parts of an instrument, as a microscope or telescope, into their proper relative position for use; the condition of being thus adjusted; as, to get a good adjustment; to be in or out of adjustment.
Adjutage	Same as Ajutage.
Adjutancy	The office of an adjutant.
Adjutancy	Skillful arrangement in aid; assistance.
Adjutant	A helper; an assistant.
Adjutant	A regimental staff officer, who assists the colonel, or commanding officer of a garrison or regiment, in the details of regimental and garrison duty.
Adjutant	A species of very large stork (Ciconia argala), a native of India; -- called also the gigantic crane, and by the native name argala. It is noted for its serpent-destroying habits.
Adjutator	A corruption of Agitator.
Adjute	To add.
Adjutor	A helper or assistant.
Adjutory	Serving to help or assist; helping.
Adjutrix	A female helper or assistant.
Adjuvant	Helping; helpful; assisting.
Adjuvant	An assistant.
Adjuvant	An ingredient, in a prescription, which aids or modifies the action of the principal ingredient.
Adlegation	A right formerly claimed by the states of the German Empire of joining their own ministers with those of the emperor in public treaties and negotiations to the common interest of the empire.
Ad libitum	At one's pleasure; as one wishes.
Adlocution	See Allocution.
Admarginate	To write in the margin.
Admaxillary	Near to the maxilla or jawbone.
Admeasure	To measure.
Admeasure	To determine the proper share of, or the proper apportionment; as, to admeasure dower; to admeasure common of pasture.
Admeasure	The measure of a thing; dimensions; size.
Admeasure	Formerly, the adjustment of proportion, or ascertainment of shares, as of dower or pasture held in common. This was by writ of admeasurement, directed to the sheriff.
Admeasurer	One who admeasures.
Admensuration	Same as Admeasurement.
Adminicle	Help or support; an auxiliary.
Adminicle	Corroborative or explanatory proof.
Adminicular	Supplying help; auxiliary; corroborative; explanatory; as, adminicular evidence.
Adminiculary	Adminicular.
Administered	of Administer
Administering	of Administer
Administer	To manage or conduct, as public affairs; to direct or superintend the execution, application, or conduct of; as, to administer the government or the state.
Administer	To dispense; to serve out; to supply; execute; as, to administer relief, to administer the sacrament.
Administer	To apply, as medicine or a remedy; to give, as a dose or something beneficial or suitable. Extended to a blow, a reproof, etc.
Administer	To tender, as an oath.
Administer	To settle, as the estate of one who dies without a will, or whose will fails of an executor.
Administer	To contribute; to bring aid or supplies; to conduce; to minister.
Administer	To perform the office of administrator; to act officially; as, A administers upon the estate of B.
Administer	Administrator.
Administerial	Pertaining to administration, or to the executive part of government.
Administrable	Capable of being administered; as, an administrable law.
Administrant	Executive; acting; managing affairs.
Administrant	One who administers.
Administrate	To administer.
Administration	The act of administering; government of public affairs; the service rendered, or duties assumed, in conducting affairs; the conducting of any office or employment; direction; management.
Administration	The executive part of government; the persons collectively who are intrusted with the execution of laws and the superintendence of public affairs; the chief magistrate and his cabinet or council; or the council, or ministry, alone, as in Great Britain.
Administration	The act of administering, or tendering something to another; dispensation; as, the administration of a medicine, of an oath, of justice, or of the sacrament.
Administration	The management and disposal, under legal authority, of the estate of an intestate, or of a testator having no competent executor.
Administration	The management of an estate of a deceased person by an executor, the strictly corresponding term execution not being in use.
Administrative	Pertaining to administration; administering; executive; as, an administrative body, ability, or energy.
Administrator	One who administers affairs; one who directs, manages, executes, or dispenses, whether in civil, judicial, political, or ecclesiastical affairs; a manager.
Administrator	A man who manages or settles the estate of an intestate, or of a testator when there is no competent executor; one to whom the right of administration has been committed by competent authority.
Administratorship	The position or office of an administrator.
Administratrix	A woman who administers; esp., one who administers the estate of an intestate, or to whom letters of administration have been granted; a female administrator.
Admirability	Admirableness.
Admirable	Fitted to excite wonder; wonderful; marvelous.
Admirable	Having qualities to excite wonder united with approbation; deserving the highest praise; most excellent; -- used of persons or things.
Admirableness	The quality of being admirable; wonderful excellence.
Admirably	In an admirable manner.
Admiral	A naval officer of the highest rank; a naval officer of high rank, of which there are different grades. The chief gradations in rank are admiral, vice admiral, and rear admiral. The admiral is the commander in chief of a fleet or of fleets.
Admiral	The ship which carries the admiral; also, the most considerable ship of a fleet.
Admiral	A handsome butterfly (Pyrameis Atalanta) of Europe and America. The larva feeds on nettles.
Admiralship	The office or position oaf an admiral; also, the naval skill of an admiral.
Admiralties	of Admiralty
Admiralty	The office or jurisdiction of an admiral.
Admiralty	The department or officers having authority over naval affairs generally.
Admiralty	The court which has jurisdiction of maritime questions and offenses.
Admiralty	The system of jurisprudence of admiralty courts.
Admiralty	The building in which the lords of the admiralty, in England, transact business.
Admirance	Admiration.
Admiration	Wonder; astonishment.
Admiration	Wonder mingled with approbation or delight; an emotion excited by a person or thing possessed of wonderful or high excellence; as, admiration of a beautiful woman, of a landscape, of virtue.
Admiration	Cause of admiration; something to excite wonder, or pleased surprise; a prodigy.
Admirative	Relating to or expressing admiration or wonder.
Admired	of Admire
Admiring	of Admire
Admire	To regard with wonder or astonishment; to view with surprise; to marvel at.
Admire	To regard with wonder and delight; to look upon with an elevated feeling of pleasure, as something which calls out approbation, esteem, love, or reverence; to estimate or prize highly; as, to admire a person of high moral worth, to admire a landscape.
Admire	To wonder; to marvel; to be affected with surprise; -- sometimes with at.
Admired	Regarded with wonder and delight; highly prized; as, an admired poem.
Admired	Wonderful; also, admirable.
Admirer	One who admires; one who esteems or loves greatly.
Admiring	Expressing admiration; as, an admiring glance.
Admissibility	The quality of being admissible; admissibleness; as, the admissibility of evidence.
Admissible	Entitled to be admitted, or worthy of being admitted; that may be allowed or conceded; allowable; as, the supposition is hardly admissible.
Admission	The act or practice of admitting.
Admission	Power or permission to enter; admittance; entrance; access; power to approach.
Admission	The granting of an argument or position not fully proved; the act of acknowledging something /serted; acknowledgment; concession.
Admission	Acquiescence or concurrence in a statement made by another, and distinguishable from a confession in that an admission presupposes prior inquiry by another, but a confession may be made without such inquiry.
Admission	A fact, point, or statement admitted; as, admission made out of court are received in evidence.
Admission	Declaration of the bishop that he approves of the presentee as a fit person to serve the cure of the church to which he is presented.
Admissive	Implying an admission; tending to admit.
Admissory	Pertaining to admission.
Admitted	of Admit
Admitting	of Admit
Admit	To suffer to enter; to grant entrance, whether into a place, or into the mind, or consideration; to receive; to take; as, they were into his house; to admit a serious thought into the mind; to admit evidence in the trial of a cause.
Admit	To give a right of entrance; as, a ticket admits one into a playhouse.
Admit	To allow (one) to enter on an office or to enjoy a privilege; to recognize as qualified for a franchise; as, to admit an attorney to practice law; the prisoner was admitted to bail.
Admit	To concede as true; to acknowledge or assent to, as an allegation which it is impossible to deny; to own or confess; as, the argument or fact is admitted; he admitted his guilt.
Admit	To be capable of; to permit; as, the words do not admit such a construction. In this sense, of may be used after the verb, or may be omitted.
Admittable	Admissible.
Admittance	The act of admitting.
Admittance	Permission to enter; the power or right of entrance; also, actual entrance; reception.
Admittance	Concession; admission; allowance; as, the admittance of an argument.
Admittance	Admissibility.
Admittance	The act of giving possession of a copyhold estate.
Admittatur	The certificate of admission given in some American colleges.
Admitted	Received as true or valid; acknowledged.
Admittedly	Confessedly.
Admitter	One who admits.
Admix	To mingle with something else; to mix.
Admixtion	A mingling of different things; admixture.
Admixture	The act of mixing; mixture.
Admixture	The compound formed by mixing different substances together.
Admixture	That which is mixed with anything.
Admonished	of Admonish
Admonishing	of Admonish
Admonish	To warn or notify of a fault; to reprove gently or kindly, but seriously; to exhort.
Admonish	To counsel against wrong practices; to cation or advise; to warn against danger or an offense; -- followed by of, against, or a subordinate clause.
Admonish	To instruct or direct; to inform; to notify.
Admonisher	One who admonishes.
Admonishment	Admonition.
Admonition	Gentle or friendly reproof; counseling against a fault or error; expression of authoritative advice; friendly caution or warning.
Admonitioner	Admonisher.
Admonitive	Admonitory.
Admonitor	Admonisher; monitor.
Admonitorial	Admonitory.
Admonitory	That conveys admonition; warning or reproving; as, an admonitory glance.
Admonitrix	A female admonitor.
Admortization	The reducing or lands or tenements to mortmain. See Mortmain.
Admove	To move or conduct to or toward.
Adnascent	Growing to or on something else.
Adnate	Grown to congenitally.
Adnate	Growing together; -- said only of organic cohesion of unlike parts.
Adnate	Growing with one side adherent to a stem; -- a term applied to the lateral zooids of corals and other compound animals.
Adnation	The adhesion or cohesion of different floral verticils or sets of organs.
Adnominal	Pertaining to an adnoun; adjectival; attached to a noun.
Adnoun	An adjective, or attribute.
Adnubilated	Clouded; obscured.
Ado	To do; in doing; as, there is nothing ado.
Ado	Doing; trouble; difficulty; troublesome business; fuss; bustle; as, to make a great ado about trifles.
Adobe	An unburnt brick dried in the sun; also used as an adjective, as, an adobe house, in Texas or New Mexico.
Adolescence	The state of growing up from childhood to manhood or womanhood; youth, or the period of life between puberty and maturity, generally considered to be, in the male sex, from fourteen to twenty-one. Sometimes used with reference to the lower animals.
Adolescency	The quality of being adolescent; youthfulness.
Adolescent	Growing; advancing from childhood to maturity.
Adolescent	A youth.
Adonean	Pertaining to Adonis; Adonic.
Adonic	Relating to Adonis, famed for his beauty.
Adonic	An Adonic verse.
Adonis	A youth beloved by Venus for his beauty. He was killed in the chase by a wild boar.
Adonis	A preeminently beautiful young man; a dandy.
Adonis	A genus of plants of the family Ranunculaceae, containing the pheasant's eye (Adonis autumnalis); -- named from Adonis, whose blood was fabled to have stained the flower.
Adonist	One who maintains that points of the Hebrew word translated "Jehovah" are really the vowel points of the word "Adonai." See Jehovist.
Adonize	To beautify; to dandify.
Adoor	Alt. of Adoors
Adoors	At the door; of the door; as, out adoors.
Adopted	of Adopt
Adopting	of Adopt
Adopt	To take by choice into relationship, as, child, heir, friend, citizen, etc.; esp. to take voluntarily (a child of other parents) to be in the place of, or as, one's own child.
Adopt	To take or receive as one's own what is not so naturally; to select and take or approve; as, to adopt the view or policy of another; these resolutions were adopted.
Adoptable	Capable of being adopted.
Adopted	Taken by adoption; taken up as one's own; as, an adopted son, citizen, country, word.
Adopter	One who adopts.
Adopter	A receiver, with two necks, opposite to each other, one of which admits the neck of a retort, and the other is joined to another receiver. It is used in distillations, to give more space to elastic vapors, to increase the length of the neck of a retort, or to unite two vessels whose openings have different diameters.
Adoption	The act of adopting, or state of being adopted; voluntary acceptance of a child of other parents to be the same as one's own child.
Adoption	Admission to a more intimate relation; reception; as, the adoption of persons into hospitals or monasteries, or of one society into another.
Adoption	The choosing and making that to be one's own which originally was not so; acceptance; as, the adoption of opinions.
Adoptionist	One of a sect which maintained that Christ was the Son of God not by nature but by adoption.
Adoptious	Adopted.
Adoptive	Pertaining to adoption; made or acquired by adoption; fitted to adopt; as, an adoptive father, an child; an adoptive language.
Adorability	Adorableness.
Adorable	Deserving to be adored; worthy of divine honors.
Adorable	Worthy of the utmost love or respect.
Adorableness	The quality of being adorable, or worthy of adoration.
Adorably	In an adorable manner.
Adoration	The act of playing honor to a divine being; the worship paid to God; the act of addressing as a god.
Adoration	Homage paid to one in high esteem; profound veneration; intense regard and love; fervent devotion.
Adoration	A method of electing a pope by the expression of homage from two thirds of the conclave.
Adoring	of Adore
Adore	To worship with profound reverence; to pay divine honors to; to honor as deity or as divine.
Adore	To love in the highest degree; to regard with the utmost esteem and affection; to idolize.
Adore	To adorn.
Adorement	The act of adoring; adoration.
Adorer	One who adores; a worshiper; one who admires or loves greatly; an ardent admirer.
Adoringly	With adoration.
Adorned	of Adorn
Adorning	of Adorn
Adorn	To deck or dress with ornaments; to embellish; to set off to advantage; to render pleasing or attractive.
Adorn	Adornment.
Adorn	Adorned; decorated.
Adornation	Adornment.
Adorner	He who, or that which, adorns; a beautifier.
Adorningly	By adorning; decoratively.
Adornment	An adorning; an ornament; a decoration.
Adosculation	Impregnation by external contact, without intromission.
Adown	From a higher to a lower situation; downward; down, to or on the ground.
Adown	Down.
Adpress	See Appressed.
Adrad	Put in dread; afraid.
Adragant	Gum tragacanth.
Adread	To dread.
Adreamed	Visited by a dream; -- used in the phrase, To be adreamed, to dream.
Adrenal	Suprarenal.
Adrian	Pertaining to the Adriatic Sea; as, Adrian billows.
Adriatic	Of or pertaining to a sea so named, the northwestern part of which is known as the Gulf of Venice.
Adrift	Floating at random; in a drifting condition; at the mercy of wind and waves. Also fig.
Adrip	In a dripping state; as, leaves all adrip.
Adrogate	To adopt (a person who is his own master).
Adrogation	A kind of adoption in ancient Rome. See Arrogation.
Adroit	Dexterous in the use of the hands or in the exercise of the mental faculties; exhibiting skill and readiness in avoiding danger or escaping difficulty; ready in invention or execution; -- applied to persons and to acts; as, an adroit mechanic, an adroit reply.
Adroitly	In an adroit manner.
Adroitness	The quality of being adroit; skill and readiness; dexterity.
Adry	In a dry or thirsty condition.
Adscititious	Supplemental; additional; adventitious; ascititious.
Adscript	Held to service as attached to the soil; -- said of feudal serfs.
Adscript	One held to service as attached to the glebe or estate; a feudal serf.
Adscriptive	Attached or annexed to the glebe or estate and transferable with it.
Adsignification	Additional signification.
Adsignify	To denote additionally.
Adstrict	See Astrict, and Astriction.
Adstrictory	See Astrictory.
Adstringent	See Astringent.
Adularia	A transparent or translucent variety of common feldspar, or orthoclase, which often shows pearly opalescent reflections; -- called by lapidaries moonstone.
Adulate	To flatter in a servile way.
Adulation	Servile flattery; praise in excess, or beyond what is merited.
Adulator	A servile or hypocritical flatterer.
Adulatory	Containing excessive praise or compliment; servilely praising; flattering; as, an adulatory address.
Adulatress	A woman who flatters with servility.
Adult	Having arrived at maturity, or to full size and strength; matured; as, an adult person or plant; an adult ape; an adult age.
Adult	A person, animal, or plant grown to full size and strength; one who has reached maturity.
Adulter	To commit adultery; to pollute.
Adulterant	That which is used to adulterate anything.
Adulterant	Adulterating; as, adulterant agents and processes.
Adulterated	of Adulterate
Adulterating	of Adulterate
Adulterate	To defile by adultery.
Adulterate	To corrupt, debase, or make impure by an admixture of a foreign or a baser substance; as, to adulterate food, drink, drugs, coin, etc.
Adulterate	To commit adultery.
Adulterate	Tainted with adultery.
Adulterate	Debased by the admixture of a foreign substance; adulterated; spurious.
Adulteration	The act of adulterating; corruption, or debasement (esp. of food or drink) by foreign mixture.
Adulteration	An adulterated state or product.
Adulterator	One who adulterates or corrupts.
Adulterer	A man who commits adultery; a married man who has sexual intercourse with a woman not his wife.
Adulterer	A man who violates his religious covenant.
Adulteress	A woman who commits adultery.
Adulteress	A woman who violates her religious engagements.
Adulterine	Proceeding from adulterous intercourse. Hence: Spurious; without the support of law; illegal.
Adulterine	An illegitimate child.
Adulterize	To commit adultery.
Adulterous	Guilty of, or given to, adultery; pertaining to adultery; illicit.
Adulterous	Characterized by adulteration; spurious.
Adulterously	In an adulterous manner.
Adulteries	of Adultery
Adultery	The unfaithfulness of a married person to the marriage bed; sexual intercourse by a married man with another than his wife, or voluntary sexual intercourse by a married woman with another than her husband.
Adultery	Adulteration; corruption.
Adultery	Lewdness or unchastity of thought as well as act, as forbidden by the seventh commandment.
Adultery	Faithlessness in religion.
Adultery	The fine and penalty imposed for the offense of adultery.
Adultery	The intrusion of a person into a bishopric during the life of the bishop.
Adultery	Injury; degradation; ruin.
Adultness	The state of being adult.
Adumbrant	Giving a faint shadow, or slight resemblance; shadowing forth.
Adumbrate	To give a faint shadow or slight representation of; to outline; to shadow forth.
Adumbrate	To overshadow; to shade.
Adumbration	The act of adumbrating, or shadowing forth.
Adumbration	A faint sketch; an outline; an imperfect portrayal or representation of a thing.
Adumbration	The shadow or outlines of a figure.
Adumbrative	Faintly representing; typical.
Adunation	A uniting; union.
Adunc	Alt. of Adunque
Adunque	Hooked; as, a parrot has an adunc bill.
Aduncity	Curvature inwards; hookedness.
Aduncous	Curved inwards; hooked.
Adure	To burn up.
Adust	Inflamed or scorched; fiery.
Adust	Looking as if or scorched; sunburnt.
Adust	Having much heat in the constitution and little serum in the blood. [Obs.] Hence: Atrabilious; sallow; gloomy.
Adusted	Burnt; adust.
Adustible	That may be burnt.
Adustion	The act of burning, or heating to dryness; the state of being thus heated or dried.
Adustion	Cauterization.
Ad valorem	A term used to denote a duty or charge laid upon goods, at a certain rate per cent upon their value, as stated in their invoice, -- in opposition to a specific sum upon a given quantity or number; as, an ad valorem duty of twenty per cent.
Advanced	of Advance
Advancing	of Advance
Advance	To bring forward; to move towards the van or front; to make to go on.
Advance	To raise; to elevate.
Advance	To raise to a higher rank; to promote.
Advance	To accelerate the growth or progress; to further; to forward; to help on; to aid; to heighten; as, to advance the ripening of fruit; to advance one's interests.
Advance	To bring to view or notice; to offer or propose; to show; as, to advance an argument.
Advance	To make earlier, as an event or date; to hasten.
Advance	To furnish, as money or other value, before it becomes due, or in aid of an enterprise; to supply beforehand; as, a merchant advances money on a contract or on goods consigned to him.
Advance	To raise to a higher point; to enhance; to raise in rate; as, to advance the price of goods.
Advance	To extol; to laud.
Advance	To move or go forward; to proceed; as, he advanced to greet me.
Advance	To increase or make progress in any respect; as, to advance in knowledge, in stature, in years, in price.
Advance	To rise in rank, office, or consequence; to be preferred or promoted.
Advance	The act of advancing or moving forward or upward; progress.
Advance	Improvement or progression, physically, mentally, morally, or socially; as, an advance in health, knowledge, or religion; an advance in rank or office.
Advance	An addition to the price; rise in price or value; as, an advance on the prime cost of goods.
Advance	The first step towards the attainment of a result; approach made to gain favor, to form an acquaintance, to adjust a difference, etc.; an overture; a tender; an offer; -- usually in the plural.
Advance	A furnishing of something before an equivalent is received (as money or goods), towards a capital or stock, or on loan; payment beforehand; the money or goods thus furnished; money or value supplied beforehand.
Advance	Before in place, or beforehand in time; -- used for advanced; as, an advance guard, or that before the main guard or body of an army; advance payment, or that made before it is due; advance proofs, advance sheets, pages of a forthcoming volume, received in advance of the time of publication.
Advanced	In the van or front.
Advanced	In the front or before others, as regards progress or ideas; as, advanced opinions, advanced thinkers.
Advanced	Far on in life or time.
Advancement	The act of advancing, or the state of being advanced; progression; improvement; furtherance; promotion to a higher place or dignity; as, the advancement of learning.
Advancement	An advance of money or value; payment in advance. See Advance, 5.
Advancement	Property given, usually by a parent to a child, in advance of a future distribution.
Advancement	Settlement on a wife, or jointure.
Advancer	One who advances; a promoter.
Advancer	A second branch of a buck's antler.
Advancive	Tending to advance.
Advantage	Any condition, circumstance, opportunity, or means, particularly favorable to success, or to any desired end; benefit; as, the enemy had the advantage of a more elevated position.
Advantage	Superiority; mastery; -- with of or over.
Advantage	Superiority of state, or that which gives it; benefit; gain; profit; as, the advantage of a good constitution.
Advantage	Interest of money; increase; overplus (as the thirteenth in the baker's dozen).
Advantaged	of Advantage
Advantaging	of Advantage
Advantage	To give an advantage to; to further; to promote; to benefit; to profit.
Advantageable	Advantageous.
Advantageous	Being of advantage; conferring advantage; gainful; profitable; useful; beneficial; as, an advantageous position; trade is advantageous to a nation.
Advantageously	Profitably; with advantage.
Advantageousness	Profitableness.
Advene	To accede, or come (to); to be added to something or become a part of it, though not essential.
Advenient	Coming from outward causes; superadded.
Advent	The period including the four Sundays before Christmas.
Advent	The first or the expected second coming of Christ.
Advent	Coming; any important arrival; approach.
Adventist	One of a religious body, embracing several branches, who look for the proximate personal coming of Christ; -- called also Second Adventists.
Adventitious	Added extrinsically; not essentially inherent; accidental or causal; additional; supervenient; foreign.
Adventitious	Out of the proper or usual place; as, adventitious buds or roots.
Adventitious	Accidentally or sparingly spontaneous in a country or district; not fully naturalized; adventive; -- applied to foreign plants.
Adventitious	Acquired, as diseases; accidental.
Adventive	Accidental.
Adventive	Adventitious.
Adventive	A thing or person coming from without; an immigrant.
Adventual	Relating to the season of advent.
Adventure	That which happens without design; chance; hazard; hap; hence, chance of danger or loss.
Adventure	Risk; danger; peril.
Adventure	The encountering of risks; hazardous and striking enterprise; a bold undertaking, in which hazards are to be encountered, and the issue is staked upon unforeseen events; a daring feat.
Adventure	A remarkable occurrence; a striking event; a stirring incident; as, the adventures of one's life.
Adventure	A mercantile or speculative enterprise of hazard; a venture; a shipment by a merchant on his own account.
Adventured	of Adventure
Adventuring	of Adventure
Adventure	To risk, or hazard; jeopard; to venture.
Adventure	To venture upon; to run the risk of; to dare.
Adventure	To try the chance; to take the risk.
Adventureful	Given to adventure.
Adventurer	One who adventures; as, the merchant adventurers; one who seeks his fortune in new and hazardous or perilous enterprises.
Adventurer	A social pretender on the lookout for advancement.
Adventuresome	Full of risk; adventurous; venturesome.
Adventuress	A female adventurer; a woman who tries to gain position by equivocal means.
Adventurous	Inclined to adventure; willing to incur hazard; prone to embark in hazardous enterprise; rashly daring; -- applied to persons.
Adventurous	Full of hazard; attended with risk; exposing to danger; requiring courage; rash; -- applied to acts; as, an adventurous undertaking, deed, song.
Adventurously	In an adventurous manner; venturesomely; boldly; daringly.
Adventurousness	The quality or state of being adventurous; daring; venturesomeness.
Adverb	A word used to modify the sense of a verb, participle, adjective, or other adverb, and usually placed near it; as, he writes well; paper extremely white.
Adverbial	Of or pertaining to an adverb; of the nature of an adverb; as, an adverbial phrase or form.
Adverbiality	The quality of being adverbial.
Adverbialize	To give the force or form of an adverb to.
Adverbially	In the manner of an adverb.
Adversaria	A miscellaneous collection of notes, remarks, or selections; a commonplace book; also, commentaries or notes.
Adversarious	Hostile.
Adversaries	of Adversary
Adversary	One who is turned against another or others with a design to oppose or resist them; a member of an opposing or hostile party; an opponent; an antagonist; an enemy; a foe.
Adversary	Opposed; opposite; adverse; antagonistic.
Adversary	Having an opposing party; not unopposed; as, an adversary suit.
Adversative	Expressing contrariety, opposition, or antithesis; as, an adversative conjunction (but, however, yet, etc. ); an adversative force.
Adversative	An adversative word.
Adverse	Acting against, or in a contrary direction; opposed; contrary; opposite; conflicting; as, adverse winds; an adverse party; a spirit adverse to distinctions of caste.
Adverse	Opposite.
Adverse	In hostile opposition to; unfavorable; unpropitious; contrary to one's wishes; unfortunate; calamitous; afflictive; hurtful; as, adverse fates, adverse circumstances, things adverse.
Adverse	To oppose; to resist.
Adversely	In an adverse manner; inimically; unfortunately; contrariwise.
Adverseness	The quality or state of being adverse; opposition.
Adversifoliate	Alt. of Adversifolious
Adversifolious	Having opposite leaves, as plants which have the leaves so arranged on the stem.
Adversion	A turning towards; attention.
Adversities	of Adversity
Adversity	Opposition; contrariety.
Adverted	of Advert
Adverting	of Advert
Advert	To turn the mind or attention; to refer; to take heed or notice; -- with to; as, he adverted to what was said.
Advertence	Alt. of Advertency
Advertency	The act of adverting, of the quality of being advertent; attention; notice; regard; heedfulness.
Advertent	Attentive; heedful; regardful.
Advertised	of Advertise
Advertising	of Advertise
Advertise	To give notice to; to inform or apprise; to notify; to make known; hence, to warn; -- often followed by of before the subject of information; as, to advertise a man of his loss.
Advertise	To give public notice of; to announce publicly, esp. by a printed notice; as, to advertise goods for sale, a lost article, the sailing day of a vessel, a political meeting.
Advertisement	The act of informing or notifying; notification.
Advertisement	Admonition; advice; warning.
Advertisement	A public notice, especially a paid notice in some public print; anything that advertises; as, a newspaper containing many advertisements.
Advertiser	One who, or that which, advertises.
Advice	An opinion recommended or offered, as worthy to be followed; counsel.
Advice	Deliberate consideration; knowledge.
Advice	Information or notice given; intelligence; as, late advices from France; -- commonly in the plural.
Advice	Counseling to perform a specific illegal act.
Advisability	The quality of being advisable; advisableness.
Advisable	Proper to be advised or to be done; expedient; prudent.
Advisable	Ready to receive advice.
Advisable-ness	The quality of being advisable or expedient; expediency; advisability.
Advisably	With advice; wisely.
Advised	of Advise
Advising	of Advise
Advise	To give advice to; to offer an opinion, as worthy or expedient to be followed; to counsel; to warn.
Advise	To give information or notice to; to inform; -- with of before the thing communicated; as, we were advised of the risk.
Advise	To consider; to deliberate.
Advise	To take counsel; to consult; -- followed by with; as, to advise with friends.
Advisedly	Circumspectly; deliberately; leisurely.
Advisedly	With deliberate purpose; purposely; by design.
Advisedness	Deliberate consideration; prudent procedure; caution.
Advisement	Counsel; advice; information.
Advisement	Consideration; deliberation; consultation.
Adviser	One who advises.
Advisership	The office of an adviser.
Adviso	Advice; counsel; suggestion; also, a dispatch or advice boat.
Advisory	Having power to advise; containing advice; as, an advisory council; their opinion is merely advisory.
Advocacy	The act of pleading for or supporting; work of advocating; intercession.
Advocate	One who pleads the cause of another. Specifically: One who pleads the cause of another before a tribunal or judicial court; a counselor.
Advocate	One who defends, vindicates, or espouses any cause by argument; a pleader; as, an advocate of free trade, an advocate of truth.
Advocate	Christ, considered as an intercessor.
Advocated	of Advocate
Advocating	of Advocate
Advocate	To plead in favor of; to defend by argument, before a tribunal or the public; to support, vindicate, or recommend publicly.
Advocate	To act as advocate.
Advocateship	Office or duty of an advocate.
Advocation	The act of advocating or pleading; plea; advocacy.
Advocation	Advowson.
Advocation	The process of removing a cause from an inferior court to the supreme court.
Advocatory	Of or pertaining to an advocate.
Advoke	To summon; to call.
Advolution	A rolling toward something.
Advoutrer	An adulterer.
Advoutress	An adulteress.
Advoutry	Alt. of Advowtry
Advowtry	Adultery.
Advowee	One who has an advowson.
Advowson	The right of presenting to a vacant benefice or living in the church. [Originally, the relation of a patron (advocatus) or protector of a benefice, and thus privileged to nominate or present to it.]
Advoyer	See Avoyer.
Adward	Award.
Adynamia	Considerable debility of the vital powers, as in typhoid fever.
Adynamic	Pertaining to, or characterized by, debility of the vital powers; weak.
Adynamic	Characterized by the absence of power or force.
Adynamy	Adynamia.
Adyta	of Adytum
Adytum	The innermost sanctuary or shrine in ancient temples, whence oracles were given. Hence: A private chamber; a sanctum.
Adz	Alt. of Adze
Adze	A carpenter's or cooper's tool, formed with a thin arching blade set at right angles to the handle. It is used for chipping or slicing away the surface of wood.
Adz	To cut with an adz.
Ae	Alt. of Ae
Ae	A diphthong in the Latin language; used also by the Saxon writers. It answers to the Gr. ai. The Anglo-Saxon short ae was generally replaced by a, the long / by e or ee.  In derivatives from Latin words with ae, it is mostly superseded by e. For most words found with this initial combination, the reader will therefore search under the letter E.
Aecidia	of Aecidium
Aecidium	A form of fruit in the cycle of development of the Rusts or Brands, an order of fungi, formerly considered independent plants.
Aedile	A magistrate in ancient Rome, who had the superintendence of public buildings, highways, shows, etc.; hence, a municipal officer.
Aedileship	The office of an aedile.
Aegean	Of or pertaining to the sea, or arm of the Mediterranean sea, east of Greece. See Archipelago.
Aegicrania	Sculptured ornaments, used in classical architecture, representing rams' heads or skulls.
Aegilops	An ulcer or fistula in the inner corner of the eye.
Aegilops	The great wild-oat grass or other cornfield weed.
Aegilops	A genus of plants, called also hardgrass.
Aegis	A shield or protective armor; -- applied in mythology to the shield of Jupiter which he gave to Minerva. Also fig.: A shield; a protection.
Aegophony	Same as Egophony.
Aegrotat	A medical certificate that a student is ill.
Aeneid	The great epic poem of Virgil, of which the hero is Aeneas.
Aeneous	Colored like bronze.
Aeolian	Of or pertaining to Aeolia or Aeolis, in Asia Minor, colonized by the Greeks, or to its inhabitants; aeolic; as, the Aeolian dialect.
Aeolian	Pertaining to Aeolus, the mythic god of the winds; pertaining to, or produced by, the wind; aerial.
Aeolic	Aeolian, 1; as, the Aeolic dialect; the Aeolic mode.
Aeolipile	Alt. of Aeolipyle
Aeolipyle	An apparatus consisting chiefly of a closed vessel (as a globe or cylinder) with one or more projecting bent tubes, through which steam is made to pass from the vessel, causing it to revolve.
Aeolotropic	Exhibiting differences of quality or property in different directions; not isotropic.
Aeolotropy	Difference of quality or property in different directions.
Aeolus	The god of the winds.
Aeon	A period of immeasurable duration; also, an emanation of the Deity. See Eon.
Aeonian	Eternal; everlasting.
Aepyornis	A gigantic bird found fossil in Madagascar.
Aerated	of Aerate
Aerating	of Aerate
Aerate	To combine or charge with gas; usually with carbonic acid gas, formerly called fixed air.
Aerate	To supply or impregnate with common air; as, to aerate soil; to aerate water.
Aerate	To expose to the chemical action of air; to oxygenate (the blood) by respiration; to arterialize.
Aeration	Exposure to the free action of the air; airing; as, aeration of soil, of spawn, etc.
Aeration	A change produced in the blood by exposure to the air in respiration; oxygenation of the blood in respiration; arterialization.
Aeration	The act or preparation of charging with carbonic acid gas or with oxygen.
Aerator	That which supplies with air; esp. an apparatus used for charging mineral waters with gas and in making soda water.
Aerial	Of or pertaining to the air, or atmosphere; inhabiting or frequenting the air; produced by or found in the air; performed in the air; as, aerial regions or currents.
Aerial	Consisting of air; resembling, or partaking of the nature of air. Hence: Unsubstantial; unreal.
Aerial	Rising aloft in air; high; lofty; as, aerial spires.
Aerial	Growing, forming, or existing in the air, as opposed to growing or existing in earth or water, or underground; as, aerial rootlets, aerial plants.
Aerial	Light as air; ethereal.
Aeriality	The state of being aerial; unsubstantiality.
Aerially	Like, or from, the air; in an aerial manner.
Aerie	The nest of a bird of prey, as of an eagle or hawk; also a brood of such birds; eyrie. Shak. Also fig.: A human residence or resting place perched like an eagle's nest.
Aeriferous	Conveying or containing air; air-bearing; as, the windpipe is an aeriferous tube.
Aerification	The act of combining air with another substance, or the state of being filled with air.
Aerification	The act of becoming aerified, or of changing from a solid or liquid form into an aeriform state; the state of being aeriform.
Aeriform	Having the form or nature of air, or of an elastic fluid; gaseous. Hence fig.: Unreal.
Aerify	To infuse air into; to combine air with.
Aerify	To change into an aeriform state.
Aero-	The combining form of the Greek word meaning air.
Aerobies	Microorganisms which live in contact with the air and need oxygen for their growth; as the microbacteria which form on the surface of putrefactive fluids.
Aerobiotic	Related to, or of the nature of, aerobies; as, aerobiotic plants, which live only when supplied with free oxygen.
Aerocyst	One of the air cells of algals.
Aerodynamic	Pertaining to the force of air in motion.
Aerodynamics	The science which treats of the air and other gaseous bodies under the action of force, and of their mechanical effects.
Aerognosy	The science which treats of the properties of the air, and of the part it plays in nature.
Aerographer	One versed in aeography: an aerologist.
Aerographic	Alt. of Aerographical
Aerographical	Pertaining to aerography; aerological.
Aerography	A description of the air or atmosphere; aerology.
Aerohydrodynamic	Acting by the force of air and water; as, an aerohydrodynamic wheel.
Aerolite	A stone, or metallic mass, which has fallen to the earth from distant space; a meteorite; a meteoric stone.
Aerolith	Same as A/rolite.
Aerolithology	The science of aerolites.
Aerolitic	Of or pertaining to aerolites; meteoric; as, aerolitic iron.
Aerologic	Alt. of Aerological
Aerological	Of or pertaining to aerology.
Aerologist	One versed in aerology.
Aerology	That department of physics which treats of the atmosphere.
Aeromancy	Divination from the state of the air or from atmospheric substances; also, forecasting changes in the weather.
Aerometer	An instrument for ascertaining the weight or density of air and gases.
Aerometric	Of or pertaining to aerometry; as, aerometric investigations.
Aerometry	The science of measuring the air, including the doctrine of its pressure, elasticity, rarefaction, and condensation; pneumatics.
Aeronaut	An aerial navigator; a balloonist.
Aeronautic	Alt. of Aeronautical
Aeronautical	Pertaining to aeronautics, or aerial sailing.
Aeronautics	The science or art of ascending and sailing in the air, as by means of a balloon; aerial navigation; ballooning.
Aerophobia	Alt. of Aerophoby
Aerophoby	Dread of a current of air.
Aerophyte	A plant growing entirely in the air, and receiving its nourishment from it; an air plant or epiphyte.
Aeroplane	A flying machine, or a small plane for experiments on flying, which floats in the air only when propelled through it.
Aeroscope	An apparatus designed for collecting spores, germs, bacteria, etc., suspended in the air.
Aeroscopy	The observation of the state and variations of the atmosphere.
Aerose	Of the nature of, or like, copper; brassy.
Aerosiderite	A mass of meteoric iron.
Aerosphere	The atmosphere.
Aerostat	A balloon.
Aerostat	A balloonist; an aeronaut.
Aerostatic	Alt. of Aerostatical
Aerostatical	Of or pertaining to aerostatics; pneumatic.
Aerostatical	Aeronautic; as, an aerostatic voyage.
Aerostatics	The science that treats of the equilibrium of elastic fluids, or that of bodies sustained in them. Hence it includes aeronautics.
Aerostation	Aerial navigation; the art of raising and guiding balloons in the air.
Aerostation	The science of weighing air; aerostatics.
Aeruginous	Of the nature or color of verdigris, or the rust of copper.
Aerugo	The rust of any metal, esp. of brass or copper; verdigris.
Aery	An aerie.
Aery	Aerial; ethereal; incorporeal; visionary.
Aesculapian	Pertaining to Aesculapius or to the healing art; medical; medicinal.
Aesculapius	The god of medicine. Hence, a physician.
Aesculin	Same as Esculin.
Esopian	Of or pertaining to Aesop, or in his manner.
Aesopic	Alt. of Esopic
Esopic	Same as Aesopian.
Aesthesia	Perception by the senses; feeling; -- the opposite of anaesthesia.
Aesthesiometer	Alt. of Esthesiometer
Esthesiometer	An instrument to measure the degree of sensation, by determining at how short a distance two impressions upon the skin can be distinguished, and thus to determine whether the condition of tactile sensibility is normal or altered.
Aesthesis	Sensuous perception.
Aesthesodic	Conveying sensory or afferent impulses; -- said of nerves.
Aesthete	One who makes much or overmuch of aesthetics.
Aesthetic	Alt. of Aesthetical
Aesthetical	Of or Pertaining to aesthetics; versed in aesthetics; as, aesthetic studies, emotions, ideas, persons, etc.
Aesthetican	One versed in aesthetics.
Aestheticism	The doctrine of aesthetics; aesthetic principles; devotion to the beautiful in nature and art.
Aesthetics	Alt. of Esthetics
Esthetics	The theory or philosophy of taste; the science of the beautiful in nature and art; esp. that which treats of the expression and embodiment of beauty by art.
Aestho-physiology	The science of sensation in relation to nervous action.
Aestival	Of or belonging to the summer; as, aestival diseases.
Aestivate	To spend the summer.
Aestivate	To pass the summer in a state of torpor.
Aestivation	The state of torpidity induced by the heat and dryness of summer, as in certain snails; -- opposed to hibernation.
Aestivation	The arrangement of the petals in a flower bud, as to folding, overlapping, etc.; prefloration.
Aestuary	See Estuary.
Aestuous	Glowing; agitated, as with heat.
Aetheogamous	Propagated in an unusual way; cryptogamous.
Aether	See Ether.
Aethiops mineral	Same as Ethiops mineral.
Aethogen	A compound of nitrogen and boro/, which, when heated before the blowpipe, gives a brilliant phosphorescent; boric nitride.
Aethrioscope	An instrument consisting in part of a differential thermometer. It is used for measuring changes of temperature produced by different conditions of the sky, as when clear or clouded.
Aetiological	Pertaining to aetiology; assigning a cause.
Aetiology	The science, doctrine, or demonstration of causes; esp., the investigation of the causes of any disease; the science of the origin and development of things.
Aetiology	The assignment of a cause.
Aetites	See Eaglestone.
Afar	At, to, or from a great distance; far away; -- often used with from preceding, or off following; as, he was seen from afar; I saw him afar off.
Afeard	Afraid.
Afer	The southwest wind.
Affability	The quality of being affable; readiness to converse; courteousness in receiving others and in conversation; complaisant behavior.
Affable	Easy to be spoken to or addressed; receiving others kindly and conversing with them in a free and friendly manner; courteous; sociable.
Affable	Gracious; mild; benign.
Affableness	Affability.
Affably	In an affable manner; courteously.
Affabrous	Executed in a workmanlike manner; ingeniously made.
Affair	That which is done or is to be done; matter; concern; as, a difficult affair to manage; business of any kind, commercial, professional, or public; -- often in the plural. "At the head of affairs." Junius.
Affair	Any proceeding or action which it is wished to refer to or characterize vaguely; as, an affair of honor, i. e., a duel; an affair of love, i. e., an intrigue.
Affair	An action or engagement not of sufficient magnitude to be called a battle.
Affair	Action; endeavor.
Affair	A material object (vaguely designated).
Affamish	To afflict with, or perish from, hunger.
Affamishment	Starvation.
Affatuate	To infatuate.
Affear	To frighten.
Affected	of Affect
Affecting	of Affect
Affect	To act upon; to produce an effect or change upon.
Affect	To influence or move, as the feelings or passions; to touch.
Affect	To love; to regard with affection.
Affect	To show a fondness for; to like to use or practice; to choose; hence, to frequent habitually.
Affect	To dispose or incline.
Affect	To aim at; to aspire; to covet.
Affect	To tend to by affinity or disposition.
Affect	To make a show of; to put on a pretense of; to feign; to assume; as, to affect ignorance.
Affect	To assign; to appoint.
Affect	Affection; inclination; passion; feeling; disposition.
Affectation	An attempt to assume or exhibit what is not natural or real; false display; artificial show.
Affectation	A striving after.
Affectation	Fondness; affection.
Affectationist	One who exhibits affectation.
Affected	Regarded with affection; beloved.
Affected	Inclined; disposed; attached.
Affected	Given to false show; assuming or pretending to possess what is not natural or real.
Affected	Assumed artificially; not natural.
Affected	Made up of terms involving different powers of the unknown quantity; adfected; as, an affected equation.
Affectedly	In an affected manner; hypocritically; with more show than reality.
Affectedly	Lovingly; with tender care.
Affectedness	Affectation.
Affecter	One who affects, assumes, pretends, or strives after.
Affectibility	The quality or state of being affectible.
Affectible	That may be affected.
Affecting	Moving the emotions; fitted to excite the emotions; pathetic; touching; as, an affecting address; an affecting sight.
Affecting	Affected; given to false show.
Affectingly	In an affecting manner; is a manner to excite emotions.
Affection	The act of affecting or acting upon; the state of being affected.
Affection	An attribute; a quality or property; a condition; a bodily state; as, figure, weight, etc. , are affections of bodies.
Affection	Bent of mind; a feeling or natural impulse or natural impulse acting upon and swaying the mind; any emotion; as, the benevolent affections, esteem, gratitude, etc.; the malevolent affections, hatred, envy, etc.; inclination; disposition; propensity; tendency.
Affection	A settled good will; kind feeling; love; zealous or tender attachment; -- often in the pl.  Formerly followed by to, but now more generally by for or towards; as, filial, social, or conjugal affections; to have an affection for or towards children.
Affection	Prejudice; bias.
Affection	Disease; morbid symptom; malady; as, a pulmonary affection.
Affection	The lively representation of any emotion.
Affection	Affectation.
Affection	Passion; violent emotion.
Affectional	Of or pertaining to the affections; as, affectional impulses; an affectional nature.
Affectionate	Having affection or warm regard; loving; fond; as, an affectionate brother.
Affectionate	Kindly inclined; zealous.
Affectionate	Proceeding from affection; indicating love; tender; as, the affectionate care of a parent; affectionate countenance, message, language.
Affectionate	Strongly inclined; -- with to.
Affectionated	Disposed; inclined.
Affectionately	With affection; lovingly; fondly; tenderly; kindly.
Affectionateness	The quality of being affectionate; fondness; affection.
Affectioned	Disposed.
Affectioned	Affected; conceited.
Affective	Tending to affect; affecting.
Affective	Pertaining to or exciting emotion; affectional; emotional.
Affectively	In an affective manner; impressively; emotionally.
Affectuous	Full of passion or emotion; earnest.
Affeer	To confirm; to assure.
Affeer	To assess or reduce, as an arbitrary penalty or amercement, to a certain and reasonable sum.
Affeerer	Alt. of Affeeror
Affeeror	One who affeers.
Affeerment	The act of affeering.
Afferent	Bearing or conducting inwards to a part or organ; -- opposed to efferent; as, afferent vessels; afferent nerves, which convey sensations from the external organs to the brain.
Affettuoso	With feeling.
Affiance	Plighted faith; marriage contract or promise.
Affiance	Trust; reliance; faith; confidence.
Affianced	of Affiance
Affiancing	of Affiance
Affiance	To betroth; to pledge one's faith to for marriage, or solemnly promise (one's self or another) in marriage.
Affiance	To assure by promise.
Affiancer	One who makes a contract of marriage between two persons.
Affiant	One who makes an affidavit.
Affidavit	A sworn statement in writing; a declaration in writing, signed and made upon oath before an authorized magistrate.
Affile	To polish.
Affiliable	Capable of being affiliated to or on, or connected with in origin.
Affiliated	of Affiliate
Affiliating	of Affiliate
Affiliate	To adopt; to receive into a family as a son; hence, to bring or receive into close connection; to ally.
Affiliate	To fix the paternity of; -- said of an illegitimate child; as, to affiliate the child to (or on or upon) one man rather than another.
Affiliate	To connect in the way of descent; to trace origin to.
Affiliate	To attach (to) or unite (with); to receive into a society as a member, and initiate into its mysteries, plans, etc.; -- followed by to or with.
Affiliate	To connect or associate one's self; -- followed by with; as, they affiliate with no party.
Affiliation	Adoption; association or reception as a member in or of the same family or society.
Affiliation	The establishment or ascertaining of parentage; the assignment of a child, as a bastard, to its father; filiation.
Affiliation	Connection in the way of descent.
Affinal	Related by marriage; from the same source.
Affine	To refine.
Affined	Joined in affinity or by any tie.
Affinitative	Of the nature of affinity.
Affinitive	Closely connected, as by affinity.
Affinities	of Affinity
Affinity	Relationship by marriage (as between a husband and his wife's blood relations, or between a wife and her husband's blood relations); -- in contradistinction to consanguinity, or relationship by blood; -- followed by with, to, or between.
Affinity	Kinship generally; close agreement; relation; conformity; resemblance; connection; as, the affinity of sounds, of colors, or of languages.
Affinity	Companionship; acquaintance.
Affinity	That attraction which takes place, at an insensible distance, between the heterogeneous particles of bodies, and unites them to form chemical compounds; chemism; chemical or elective affinity or attraction.
Affinity	A relation between species or highe/ groups dependent on resemblance in the whole plan of structure, and indicating community of origin.
Affinity	A superior spiritual relationship or attraction held to exist sometimes between persons, esp. persons of the opposite sex; also, the man or woman who exerts such psychical or spiritual attraction.
Affirmed	of Affirm
Affirming	of Affirm
Affirm	to assert or confirm, as a judgment, decree, or order, brought before an appellate court for review.
Affirm	To assert positively; to tell with confidence; to aver; to maintain as true; -- opposed to deny.
Affirm	To declare, as a fact, solemnly, under judicial sanction. See Affirmation, 4.
Affirm	To declare or assert positively.
Affirm	To make a solemn declaration, before an authorized magistrate or tribunal, under the penalties of perjury; to testify by affirmation.
Affirmable	Capable of being affirmed, asserted, or declared; -- followed by of; as, an attribute affirmable of every just man.
Affirmance	Confirmation; ratification; confirmation of a voidable act.
Affirmance	A strong declaration; affirmation.
Affirmant	One who affirms or asserts.
Affirmant	One who affirms, instead of taking an oath.
Affirmation	Confirmation of anything established; ratification; as, the affirmation of a law.
Affirmation	The act of affirming or asserting as true; assertion; -- opposed to negation or denial.
Affirmation	That which is asserted; an assertion; a positive statement; an averment; as, an affirmation, by the vender, of title to property sold, or of its quality.
Affirmation	A solemn declaration made under the penalties of perjury, by persons who conscientiously decline taking an oath, which declaration is in law equivalent to an oath.
Affirmative	Confirmative; ratifying; as, an act affirmative of common law.
Affirmative	That affirms; asserting that the fact is so; declaratory of what exists; answering "yes" to a question; -- opposed to negative; as, an affirmative answer; an affirmative vote.
Affirmative	Positive; dogmatic.
Affirmative	Expressing the agreement of the two terms of a proposition.
Affirmative	Positive; -- a term applied to quantities which are to be added, and opposed to negative, or such as are to be subtracted.
Affirmative	That which affirms as opposed to that which denies; an affirmative proposition; that side of question which affirms or maintains the proposition stated; -- opposed to negative; as, there were forty votes in the affirmative, and ten in the negative.
Affirmative	A word or phrase expressing affirmation or assent; as, yes, that is so, etc.
Affirmatively	In an affirmative manner; on the affirmative side of a question; in the affirmative; -- opposed to negatively.
Affirmatory	Giving affirmation; assertive; affirmative.
Affirmer	One who affirms.
Affixed	of Affix
Affixing	of Affix
Affix	To subjoin, annex, or add at the close or end; to append to; to fix to any part of; as, to affix a syllable to a word; to affix a seal to an instrument; to affix one's name to a writing.
Affix	To fix or fasten in any way; to attach physically.
Affix	To attach, unite, or connect with; as, names affixed to ideas, or ideas affixed to things; to affix a stigma to a person; to affix ridicule or blame to any one.
Affix	To fix or fasten figuratively; -- with on or upon; as, eyes affixed upon the ground.
Affixes	of Affix
Affix	That which is affixed; an appendage; esp. one or more letters or syllables added at the end of a word; a suffix; a postfix.
Affixion	Affixture.
Affixture	The act of affixing, or the state of being affixed; attachment.
Afflation	A blowing or breathing on; inspiration.
Afflatus	A breath or blast of wind.
Afflatus	A divine impartation of knowledge; supernatural impulse; inspiration.
Afflicted	of Afflict
Afflicting	of Afflict
Afflict	To strike or cast down; to overthrow.
Afflict	To inflict some great injury or hurt upon, causing continued pain or mental distress; to trouble grievously; to torment.
Afflict	To make low or humble.
Afflict	Afflicted.
Afflictedness	The state of being afflicted; affliction.
Afflicter	One who afflicts.
Afflicting	Grievously painful; distressing; afflictive; as, an afflicting event. -- Af*flict"ing*ly, adv.
Affliction	The cause of continued pain of body or mind, as sickness, losses, etc.; an instance of grievous distress; a pain or grief.
Affliction	The state of being afflicted; a state of pain, distress, or grief.
Afflictionless	Free from affliction.
Afflictive	Giving pain; causing continued or repeated pain or grief; distressing.
Afflictively	In an afflictive manner.
Affluence	A flowing to or towards; a concourse; an influx.
Affluence	An abundant supply, as of thought, words, feelings, etc.; profusion; also, abundance of property; wealth.
Affluency	Affluence.
Affluent	Flowing to; flowing abundantly.
Affluent	Abundant; copious; plenteous; hence, wealthy; abounding in goods or riches.
Affluent	A stream or river flowing into a larger river or into a lake; a tributary stream.
Affluently	Abundantly; copiously.
Affluentness	Great plenty.
Afflux	A flowing towards; that which flows to; as, an afflux of blood to the head.
Affluxion	The act of flowing towards; afflux.
Affodill	Asphodel.
Afforce	To reenforce; to strengthen.
Afforcement	A fortress; a fortification for defense.
Afforcement	A reenforcement; a strengthening.
Afforciament	See Afforcement.
Afforded	of Afford
Affording	of Afford
Afford	To give forth; to supply, yield, or produce as the natural result, fruit, or issue; as, grapes afford wine; olives afford oil; the earth affords fruit; the sea affords an abundant supply of fish.
Afford	To give, grant, or confer, with a remoter reference to its being the natural result; to provide; to furnish; as, a good life affords consolation in old age.
Afford	To offer, provide, or supply, as in selling, granting, expending, with profit, or without loss or too great injury; as, A affords his goods cheaper than B; a man can afford a sum yearly in charity.
Afford	To incur, stand, or bear without serious detriment, as an act which might under other circumstances be injurious; -- with an auxiliary, as can, could, might, etc.; to be able or rich enough.
Affordable	That may be afforded.
Affordment	Anything given as a help; bestowal.
Afforest	To convert into a forest; as, to afforest a tract of country.
Afforestation	The act of converting into forest or woodland.
Afformative	An affix.
Affranchise	To make free; to enfranchise.
Affranchisement	The act of making free; enfranchisement.
Affrap	To strike, or strike down.
Affrayed	of Affray
Affray	To startle from quiet; to alarm.
Affray	To frighten; to scare; to frighten away.
Affray	The act of suddenly disturbing any one; an assault or attack.
Affray	Alarm; terror; fright.
Affray	A tumultuous assault or quarrel; a brawl; a fray.
Affray	The fighting of two or more persons, in a public place, to the terror of others.
Affrayer	One engaged in an affray.
Affrayment	Affray.
Affreight	To hire, as a ship, for the transportation of goods or freight.
Affreighter	One who hires or charters a ship to convey goods.
Affreightment	The act of hiring, or the contract for the use of, a vessel, or some part of it, to convey cargo.
Affret	A furious onset or attack.
Affriction	The act of rubbing against.
Affriended	Made friends; reconciled.
Affrighted	of Affright
Affrighting	of Affright
Affright	To impress with sudden fear; to frighten; to alarm.
Affright	Affrighted.
Affright	Sudden and great fear; terror. It expresses a stronger impression than fear, or apprehension, perhaps less than terror.
Affright	The act of frightening; also, a cause of terror; an object of dread.
Affrightedly	With fright.
Affrighten	To frighten.
Affrighter	One who frightens.
Affrightful	Terrifying; frightful.
Affrightment	Affright; the state of being frightened; sudden fear or alarm.
Affronted	of Affront
Affronting	of Affront
Affront	To front; to face in position; to meet or encounter face to face.
Affront	To face in defiance; to confront; as, to affront death; hence, to meet in hostile encounter.
Affront	To offend by some manifestation of disrespect; to insult to the face by demeanor or language; to treat with marked incivility.
Affront	An encounter either friendly or hostile.
Affront	Contemptuous or rude treatment which excites or justifies resentment; marked disrespect; a purposed indignity; insult.
Affront	An offense to one's self-respect; shame.
Affronte	Face to face, or front to front; facing.
Affrontedly	Shamelessly.
Affrontee	One who receives an affront.
Affronter	One who affronts, or insults to the face.
Affrontingly	In an affronting manner.
Affrontive	Tending to affront or offend; offensive; abusive.
Affrontiveness	The quality that gives an affront or offense.
Affused	of Affuse
Affusing	of Affuse
Affuse	To pour out or upon.
Affusion	The act of pouring upon, or sprinkling with a liquid, as water upon a child in baptism.
Affusion	The act of pouring water or other fluid on the whole or a part of the body, as a remedy in disease.
Affied	of Affy
Affying	of Affy
Affy	To confide (one's self to, or in); to trust.
Affy	To betroth or espouse; to affiance.
Affy	To bind in faith.
Affy	To trust or confide.
Afghan	Of or pertaining to Afghanistan.
Afghan	A native of Afghanistan.
Afghan	A kind of worsted blanket or wrap.
Afield	To, in, or on the field.
Afield	Out of the way; astray.
Afire	On fire.
Aflame	Inflames; glowing with light or passion; ablaze.
Aflat	Level with the ground; flat.
Aflaunt	In a flaunting state or position.
Aflicker	In a flickering state.
Afloat	Borne on the water; floating; on board ship.
Afloat	Moving; passing from place to place; in general circulation; as, a rumor is afloat.
Afloat	Unfixed; moving without guide or control; adrift; as, our affairs are all afloat.
Aflow	Flowing.
Aflush	In a flushed or blushing state.
Aflush	On a level.
Aflutter	In a flutter; agitated.
Afoam	In a foaming state; as, the sea is all afoam.
Afoot	On foot.
Afoot	Fig.: In motion; in action; astir; in progress.
Afore	Before.
Afore	In the fore part of a vessel.
Afore	Before (in all its senses).
Afore	Before; in front of; farther forward than; as, afore the windlass.
Aforecited	Named or quoted before.
Aforegoing	Going before; foregoing.
Aforehand	Beforehand; in anticipation.
Aforehand	Prepared; previously provided; -- opposed to behindhand.
Aforementioned	Previously mentioned; before-mentioned.
Aforenamed	Named before.
Aforesaid	Said before, or in a preceding part; already described or identified.
Aforethought	Premeditated; prepense; previously in mind; designed; as, malice aforethought, which is required to constitute murder.
Aforethought	Premeditation.
Aforetime	In time past; formerly.
A fortiori	With stronger reason.
Afoul	In collision; entangled.
Afraid	Impressed with fear or apprehension; in fear; apprehensive.
Afreet	Same as Afrit.
Afresh	Anew; again; once more; newly.
Afric	African.
Afric	Africa.
African	Of or pertaining to Africa.
African	A native of Africa; also one ethnologically belonging to an African race.
Africander	One born in Africa, the offspring of a white father and a "colored" mother. Also, and now commonly in Southern Africa, a native born of European settlers.
Africanism	A word, phrase, idiom, or custom peculiar to Africa or Africans.
Africanize	To place under the domination of Africans or negroes.
Afrit	Alt. of Afreet
Afrite	Alt. of Afreet
Afreet	A powerful evil jinnee, demon, or monstrous giant.
Afront	In front; face to face.
Afront	In front of.
Aft	Near or towards the stern of a vessel; astern; abaft.
After	Next; later in time; subsequent; succeeding; as, an after period of life.
After	Hinder; nearer the rear.
After	To ward the stern of the ship; -- applied to any object in the rear part of a vessel; as the after cabin, after hatchway.
After	Behind in place; as, men in line one after another.
After	Below in rank; next to in order.
After	Later in time; subsequent; as, after supper, after three days. It often precedes a clause. Formerly that was interposed between it and the clause.
After	Subsequent to and in consequence of; as, after what you have said, I shall be careful.
After	Subsequent to and notwithstanding; as, after all our advice, you took that course.
After	Moving toward from behind; following, in search of; in pursuit of.
After	Denoting the aim or object; concerning; in relation to; as, to look after workmen; to inquire after a friend; to thirst after righteousness.
After	In imitation of; in conformity with; after the manner of; as, to make a thing after a model; a picture after Rubens; the boy takes after his father.
After	According to; in accordance with; in conformity with the nature of; as, he acted after his kind.
After	According to the direction and influence of; in proportion to; befitting.
After	Subsequently in time or place; behind; afterward; as, he follows after.
Afterbirth	The placenta and membranes with which the fetus is connected, and which come away after delivery.
Aftercast	A throw of dice after the game in ended; hence, anything done too late.
Afterclap	An unexpected subsequent event; something disagreeable happening after an affair is supposed to be at an end.
Aftercrop	A second crop or harvest in the same year.
After damp	An irrespirable gas, remaining after an explosion of fire damp in mines; choke damp. See Carbonic acid.
After-dinner	The time just after dinner.
After-dinner	Following dinner; post-prandial; as, an after-dinner nap.
After-eatage	Aftergrass.
Aftereye	To look after.
Aftergame	A second game; hence, a subsequent scheme or expedient.
After-glow	A glow of refulgence in the western sky after sunset.
Aftergrass	The grass that grows after the first crop has been mown; aftermath.
Aftergrowth	A second growth or crop, or (metaphorically) development.
Afterguard	The seaman or seamen stationed on the poop or after part of the ship, to attend the after-sails.
After-image	The impression of a vivid sensation retained by the retina of the eye after the cause has been removed; also extended to impressions left of tones, smells, etc.
Afterings	The last milk drawn in milking; strokings.
Aftermath	A second moving; the grass which grows after the first crop of hay in the same season; rowen.
After-mentioned	Mentioned afterwards; as, persons after-mentioned (in a writing).
Aftermost	Hindmost; -- opposed to foremost.
Aftermost	Nearest the stern; most aft.
Afternoon	The part of the day which follows noon, between noon and evening.
After-note	One of the small notes occur on the unaccented parts of the measure, taking their time from the preceding note.
Afterpains	The pains which succeed childbirth, as in expelling the afterbirth.
Afterpiece	A piece performed after a play, usually a farce or other small entertainment.
Afterpiece	The heel of a rudder.
After-sails	The sails on the mizzenmast, or on the stays between the mainmast and mizzenmast.
Aftershaft	The hypoptilum.
Aftertaste	A taste which remains in the mouth after eating or drinking.
Afterthought	Reflection after an act; later or subsequent thought or expedient.
Afterwards	Alt. of Afterward
Afterward	At a later or succeeding time.
Afterwise	Wise after the event; wise or knowing, when it is too late.
After-wit	Wisdom or perception that comes after it can be of use.
After-witted	Characterized by after-wit; slow-witted.
Aftmost	Nearest the stern.
Aftward	Toward the stern.
Aga	Alt. of Agha
Agha	In Turkey, a commander or chief officer. It is used also as a title of respect.
Again	In return, back; as, bring us word again.
Again	Another time; once more; anew.
Again	Once repeated; -- of quantity; as, as large again, half as much again.
Again	In any other place.
Again	On the other hand.
Again	Moreover; besides; further.
Again	Alt. of Agains
Agains	Against; also, towards (in order to meet).
Againbuy	To redeem.
Againsay	To gainsay.
Against	Abreast; opposite to; facing; towards; as, against the mouth of a river; -- in this sense often preceded by over.
Against	From an opposite direction so as to strike or come in contact with; in contact with; upon; as, hail beats against the roof.
Against	In opposition to, whether the opposition is of sentiment or of action; on the other side; counter to; in contrariety to; hence, adverse to; as, against reason; against law; to run a race against time.
Against	By of before the time that; in preparation for; so as to be ready for the time when.
Againstand	To withstand.
Againward	Back again.
Agalactia	Alt. of Agalaxy
Agalaxy	Failure of the due secretion of milk after childbirth.
Agalactous	Lacking milk to suckle with.
Agal-agal	Same as Agar-agar.
Agalloch	Alt. of Agallochum
Agallochum	A soft, resinous wood (Aquilaria Agallocha) of highly aromatic smell, burnt by the orientals as a perfume. It is called also agalwood and aloes wood. The name is also given to some other species.
Agalmatolite	A soft, compact stone, of a grayish, greenish, or yellowish color, carved into images by the Chinese, and hence called figure stone, and pagodite. It is probably a variety of pinite.
Agama	A genus of lizards, one of the few which feed upon vegetable substances; also, one of these lizards.
Agamis	of Agami
Agami	A South American bird (Psophia crepitans), allied to the cranes, and easily domesticated; -- called also the gold-breasted trumpeter. Its body is about the size of the pheasant. See Trumpeter.
Agamic	Produced without sexual union; as, agamic or unfertilized eggs.
Agamic	Not having visible organs of reproduction, as flowerless plants; agamous.
Agamically	In an agamic manner.
Agamist	An unmarried person; also, one opposed to marriage.
Agamogenesis	Reproduction without the union of parents of distinct sexes: asexual reproduction.
Agamogenetic	Reproducing or produced without sexual union.
Agamous	Having no visible sexual organs; asexual.
Agamous	cryptogamous.
Aganglionic	Without ganglia.
Agape	Gaping, as with wonder, expectation, or eager attention.
Agapae	of Agape
Agape	The love feast of the primitive Christians, being a meal partaken of in connection with the communion.
Agar-agar	A fucus or seaweed much used in the East for soups and jellies; Ceylon moss (Gracilaria lichenoides).
Agaric	A fungus of the genus Agaricus, of many species, of which the common mushroom is an example.
Agaric	An old name for several species of Polyporus, corky fungi growing on decaying wood.
Agasp	In a state of gasping.
Agast	Alt. of Aghast
Aghast	To affright; to terrify.
Agast	See Aghast.
Agastric	Having to stomach, or distinct digestive canal, as the tapeworm.
Agate	On the way; agoing; as, to be agate; to set the bells agate.
Agate	A semipellucid, uncrystallized variety of quartz, presenting various tints in the same specimen. Its colors are delicately arranged in stripes or bands, or blended in clouds.
Agate	A kind of type, larger than pearl and smaller than nonpareil; in England called ruby.
Agate	A diminutive person; so called in allusion to the small figures cut in agate for rings and seals.
Agate	A tool used by gold-wire drawers, bookbinders, etc.; -- so called from the agate fixed in it for burnishing.
Agatiferous	Containing or producing agates.
Agatine	Pertaining to, or like, agate.
Agatize	To convert into agate; to make resemble agate.
Agaty	Of the nature of agate, or containing agate.
Agave	A genus of plants (order Amaryllidaceae) of which the chief species is the maguey or century plant (A. Americana), wrongly called Aloe. It is from ten to seventy years, according to climate, in attaining maturity, when it produces a gigantic flower stem, sometimes forty feet in height, and perishes. The fermented juice is the pulque of the Mexicans; distilled, it yields mescal. A strong thread and a tough paper are made from the leaves, and the wood has many uses.
Agazed	Gazing with astonishment; amazed.
Age	The whole duration of a being, whether animal, vegetable, or other kind; lifetime.
Age	That part of the duration of a being or a thing which is between its beginning and any given time; as, what is the present age of a man, or of the earth?
Age	The latter part of life; an advanced period of life; seniority; state of being old.
Age	One of the stages of life; as, the age of infancy, of youth, etc.
Age	Mature age; especially, the time of life at which one attains full personal rights and capacities; as, to come of age; he (or she) is of age.
Age	The time of life at which some particular power or capacity is understood to become vested; as, the age of consent; the age of discretion.
Age	A particular period of time in history, as distinguished from others; as, the golden age, the age of Pericles.
Age	A great period in the history of the Earth.
Age	A century; the period of one hundred years.
Age	The people who live at a particular period; hence, a generation.
Age	A long time.
Aged	of Age
Aging	of Age
Age	To grow aged; to become old; to show marks of age; as, he grew fat as he aged.
Age	To cause to grow old; to impart the characteristics of age to; as, grief ages us.
Aged	Old; having lived long; having lived almost to or beyond the usual time allotted to that species of being; as, an aged man; an aged oak.
Aged	Belonging to old age.
Aged	Having a certain age; at the age of; having lived; as, a man aged forty years.
Agedly	In the manner of an aged person.
Agedness	The quality of being aged; oldness.
Ageless	Without old age limits of duration; as, fountains of ageless youth.
Agen	See Again.
Agencies	of Agency
Agency	The faculty of acting or of exerting power; the state of being in action; action; instrumentality.
Agency	The office of an agent, or factor; the relation between a principal and his agent; business of one intrusted with the concerns of another.
Agency	The place of business of am agent.
Agend	See Agendum.
Agenda	of Agendum
Agendum	Something to be done; in the pl., a memorandum book.
Agendum	A church service; a ritual or liturgy. [In this sense, usually Agenda.]
Agenesic	Characterized by sterility; infecund.
Agenesis	Any imperfect development of the body, or any anomaly of organization.
Agennesis	Impotence; sterility.
Agent	Acting; -- opposed to patient, or sustaining, action.
Agent	One who exerts power, or has the power to act; an actor.
Agent	One who acts for, or in the place of, another, by authority from him; one intrusted with the business of another; a substitute; a deputy; a factor.
Agent	An active power or cause; that which has the power to produce an effect; as, a physical, chemical, or medicinal agent; as, heat is a powerful agent.
Agential	Of or pertaining to an agent or an agency.
Agentship	Agency.
Ageratum	A genus of plants, one species of which (A. Mexicanum) has lavender-blue flowers in dense clusters.
Aggeneration	The act of producing in addition.
Agger	An earthwork; a mound; a raised work.
Aggerate	To heap up.
Aggeration	A heaping up; accumulation; as, aggerations of sand.
Aggerose	In heaps; full of heaps.
Aggest	To heap up.
Agglomerated	of Agglomerate
Agglomerating	of Agglomerate
Agglomerate	To wind or collect into a ball; hence, to gather into a mass or anything like a mass.
Agglomerate	To collect in a mass.
Agglomerate	Alt. of Agglomerated
Agglomerated	Collected into a ball, heap, or mass.
Agglomerated	Collected into a rounded head of flowers.
Agglomerate	A collection or mass.
Agglomerate	A mass of angular volcanic fragments united by heat; -- distinguished from conglomerate.
Agglomeration	The act or process of collecting in a mass; a heaping together.
Agglomeration	State of being collected in a mass; a mass; cluster.
Agglomerative	Having a tendency to gather together, or to make collections.
Agglutinant	Uniting, as glue; causing, or tending to cause, adhesion.
Agglutinant	Any viscous substance which causes bodies or parts to adhere.
Agglutinated	of Agglutinate
Agglutinating	of Agglutinate
Agglutinate	To unite, or cause to adhere, as with glue or other viscous substance; to unite by causing an adhesion of substances.
Agglutinate	United with glue or as with glue; cemented together.
Agglutinate	Consisting of root words combined but not materially altered as to form or meaning; as, agglutinate forms, languages, etc.  See Agglutination, 2.
Agglutination	The act of uniting by glue or other tenacious substance; the state of being thus united; adhesion of parts.
Agglutination	Combination in which root words are united with little or no change of form or loss of meaning. See Agglutinative, 2.
Agglutinative	Pertaining to agglutination; tending to unite, or having power to cause adhesion; adhesive.
Agglutinative	Formed or characterized by agglutination, as a language or a compound.
Aggrace	To favor; to grace.
Aggrace	Grace; favor.
Aggrandizable	Capable of being aggrandized.
Aggrandization	Aggrandizement.
Aggrandized	of Aggrandize
Aggrandizing	of Aggrandize
Aggrandize	To make great; to enlarge; to increase; as, to aggrandize our conceptions, authority, distress.
Aggrandize	To make great or greater in power, rank, honor, or wealth; -- applied to persons, countries, etc.
Aggrandize	To make appear great or greater; to exalt.
Aggrandize	To increase or become great.
Aggrandizement	The act of aggrandizing, or the state of being aggrandized or exalted in power, rank, honor, or wealth; exaltation; enlargement; as, the emperor seeks only the aggrandizement of his own family.
Aggrandizer	One who aggrandizes, or makes great.
Aggrate	To please.
Aggravated	of Aggravate
Aggravating	of Aggravate
Aggravate	To make heavy or heavier; to add to; to increase.
Aggravate	To make worse, or more severe; to render less tolerable or less excusable; to make more offensive; to enhance; to intensify.
Aggravate	To give coloring to in description; to exaggerate; as, to aggravate circumstances.
Aggravate	To exasperate; to provoke; to irritate.
Aggravating	Making worse or more heinous; as, aggravating circumstances.
Aggravating	Exasperating; provoking; irritating.
Aggravatingly	In an aggravating manner.
Aggravation	The act of aggravating, or making worse; -- used of evils, natural or moral; the act of increasing in severity or heinousness; something additional to a crime or wrong and enhancing its guilt or injurious consequences.
Aggravation	Exaggerated representation.
Aggravation	An extrinsic circumstance or accident which increases the guilt of a crime or the misery of a calamity.
Aggravation	Provocation; irritation.
Aggravative	Tending to aggravate.
Aggravative	That which aggravates.
Aggregated	of Aggregate
Aggregating	of Aggregate
Aggregate	To bring together; to collect into a mass or sum. "The aggregated soil."
Aggregate	To add or unite, as, a person, to an association.
Aggregate	To amount in the aggregate to; as, ten loads, aggregating five hundred bushels.
Aggregate	Formed by a collection of particulars into a whole mass or sum; collective.
Aggregate	Formed into clusters or groups of lobules; as, aggregate glands.
Aggregate	Composed of several florets within a common involucre, as in the daisy; or of several carpels formed from one flower, as in the raspberry.
Aggregate	Having the several component parts adherent to each other only to such a degree as to be separable by mechanical means.
Aggregate	United into a common organized mass; -- said of certain compound animals.
Aggregate	A mass, assemblage, or sum of particulars; as, a house is an aggregate of stone, brick, timber, etc.
Aggregate	A mass formed by the union of homogeneous particles; -- in distinction from a compound, formed by the union of heterogeneous particles.
Aggregately	Collectively; in mass.
Aggregation	The act of aggregating, or the state of being aggregated; collection into a mass or sum; a collection of particulars; an aggregate.
Aggregative	Taken together; collective.
Aggregative	Gregarious; social.
Aggregator	One who aggregates.
Aggrege	To make heavy; to aggravate.
Aggressed	of Aggress
Aggressing	of Aggress
Aggress	To commit the first act of hostility or offense; to begin a quarrel or controversy; to make an attack; -- with on.
Aggress	To set upon; to attack.
Aggress	Aggression.
Aggression	The first attack, or act of hostility; the first act of injury, or first act leading to a war or a controversy; unprovoked attack; assault; as, a war of aggression. "Aggressions of power."
Aggressive	Tending or disposed to aggress; characterized by aggression; making assaults; unjustly attacking; as, an aggressive policy, war, person, nation.
Aggressor	The person who first attacks or makes an aggression; he who begins hostility or a quarrel; an assailant.
Aggrievance	Oppression; hardship; injury; grievance.
Aggrieved	of Aggrieve
Aggrieving	of Aggrieve
Aggrieve	To give pain or sorrow to; to afflict; hence, to oppress or injure in one's rights; to bear heavily upon; -- now commonly used in the passive TO be aggrieved.
Aggrieve	To grieve; to lament.
Aggrouped	of Aggroup
Aggrouping	of Aggroup
Aggroup	To bring together in a group; to group.
Aggroupment	Arrangement in a group or in groups; grouping.
Aggry	Alt. of Aggri
Aggri	Applied to a kind of variegated glass beads of ancient manufacture; as, aggry beads are found in Ashantee and Fantee in Africa.
Aghast	See Agast, v. t.
Aghast	Terrified; struck with amazement; showing signs of terror or horror.
Agible	Possible to be done; practicable.
Agile	Having the faculty of quick motion in the limbs; apt or ready to move; nimble; active; as, an agile boy; an agile tongue.
Agilely	In an agile manner; nimbly.
Agileness	Agility; nimbleness.
Agility	The quality of being agile; the power of moving the limbs quickly and easily; nimbleness; activity; quickness of motion; as, strength and agility of body.
Agility	Activity; powerful agency.
Agios	of Agio
Agio	The premium or percentage on a better sort of money when it is given in exchange for an inferior sort. The premium or discount on foreign bills of exchange is sometimes called agio.
Agiotage	Exchange business; also, stockjobbing; the maneuvers of speculators to raise or lower the price of stocks or public funds.
Agist	To take to graze or pasture, at a certain sum; -- used originally of the feeding of cattle in the king's forests, and collecting the money for the same.
Agistator	See Agister.
Agister	Alt. of Agistor
Agistor	Formerly, an officer of the king's forest, who had the care of cattle agisted, and collected the money for the same; -- hence called gisttaker, which in England is corrupted into guest-taker.
Agistor	Now, one who agists or takes in cattle to pasture at a certain rate; a pasturer.
Agistment	Formerly, the taking and feeding of other men's cattle in the king's forests.
Agistment	The taking in by any one of other men's cattle to graze at a certain rate.
Agistment	The price paid for such feeding.
Agistment	A charge or rate against lands; as, an agistment of sea banks, i. e., charge for banks or dikes.
Agitable	Capable of being agitated, or easily moved.
Agitated	of Agitate
Agitating	of Agitate
Agitate	To move with a violent, irregular action; as, the wind agitates the sea; to agitate water in a vessel.
Agitate	To move or actuate.
Agitate	To stir up; to disturb or excite; to perturb; as, he was greatly agitated.
Agitate	To discuss with great earnestness; to debate; as, a controversy hotly agitated.
Agitate	To revolve in the mind, or view in all its aspects; to contrive busily; to devise; to plot; as, politicians agitate desperate designs.
Agitatedly	In an agitated manner.
Agitation	The act of agitating, or the state of being agitated; the state of being moved with violence, or with irregular action; commotion; as, the sea after a storm is in agitation.
Agitation	A stirring up or arousing; disturbance of tranquillity; disturbance of mind which shows itself by physical excitement; perturbation; as, to cause any one agitation.
Agitation	Excitement of public feeling by discussion, appeals, etc.; as, the antislavery agitation; labor agitation.
Agitation	Examination or consideration of a subject in controversy, or of a plan proposed for adoption; earnest discussion; debate.
Agitative	Tending to agitate.
Agitato	Sung or played in a restless, hurried, and spasmodic manner.
Agitator	One who agitates; one who stirs up or excites others; as, political reformers and agitators.
Agitator	One of a body of men appointed by the army, in Cromwell's time, to look after their interests; -- called also adjutators.
Agitator	An implement for shaking or mixing.
Agleam	Gleaming; as, faces agleam.
Aglet	Alt. of Aiglet
Aiglet	A tag of a lace or of the points, braids, or cords formerly used in dress. They were sometimes formed into small images. Hence, "aglet baby" (Shak.), an aglet image.
Aiglet	A round white staylace.
Agley	Aside; askew.
Aglimmer	In a glimmering state.
Aglitter	Glittering; in a glitter.
Aglossal	Without tongue; tongueless.
Aglow	In a glow; glowing; as, cheeks aglow; the landscape all aglow.
Aglutition	Inability to swallow.
Agminal	Pertaining to an army marching, or to a train.
Agminate	Alt. of Agminated
Agminated	Grouped together; as, the agminated glands of Peyer in the small intestine.
Agnail	A corn on the toe or foot.
Agnail	An inflammation or sore under or around the nail; also, a hangnail.
Agnate	Related or akin by the father's side; also, sprung from the same male ancestor.
Agnate	Allied; akin.
Agnate	A relative whose relationship can be traced exclusively through males.
Agnatic	Pertaining to descent by the male line of ancestors.
Agnation	Consanguinity by a line of males only, as distinguished from cognation.
Agnition	Acknowledgment.
Agnize	To recognize; to acknowledge.
Agnoiology	The doctrine concerning those things of which we are necessarily ignorant.
Agnomen	An additional or fourth name given by the Romans, on account of some remarkable exploit or event; as, Publius Caius Scipio Africanus.
Agnomen	An additional name, or an epithet appended to a name; as, Aristides the Just.
Agnominate	To name.
Agnomination	A surname.
Agnomination	Paronomasia; also, alliteration; annomination.
Agnostic	Professing ignorance; involving no dogmatic; pertaining to or involving agnosticism.
Agnostic	One who professes ignorance, or denies that we have any knowledge, save of phenomena; one who supports agnosticism, neither affirming nor denying the existence of a personal Deity, a future life, etc.
Agnosticism	That doctrine which, professing ignorance, neither asserts nor denies.
Agnosticism	The doctrine that the existence of a personal Deity, an unseen world, etc., can be neither proved nor disproved, because of the necessary limits of the human mind (as sometimes charged upon Hamilton and Mansel), or because of the insufficiency of the evidence furnished by physical and physical data, to warrant a positive conclusion (as taught by the school of Herbert Spencer); -- opposed alike dogmatic skepticism and to dogmatic theism.
Agnuses	of Agnus
Agni	of Agnus
Agnus	Agnus Dei.
Agnus castus	A species of Vitex (V. agnus castus); the chaste tree.
Agnus Dei	A figure of a lamb bearing a cross or flag.
Agnus Dei	A cake of wax stamped with such a figure. It is made from the remains of the paschal candles and blessed by the Pope.
Agnus Dei	A triple prayer in the sacrifice of the Mass, beginning with the words "Agnus Dei."
Ago	Past; gone by; since; as, ten years ago; gone long ago.
Agog	In eager desire; eager; astir.
Agoing	In motion; in the act of going; as, to set a mill agoing.
Agones	of Agon
Agon	A contest for a prize at the public games.
Agone	Ago.
Agone	Agonic line.
Agonic	Not forming an angle.
Agonism	Contention for a prize; a contest.
Agonist	One who contends for the prize in public games.
Agonistic	Alt. of Agonistical
Agonistical	Pertaining to violent contests, bodily or mental; pertaining to athletic or polemic feats; athletic; combative; hence, strained; unnatural.
Agonistically	In an agonistic manner.
Agonistics	The science of athletic combats, or contests in public games.
Agonized	of Agonize
Agonizing	of Agonize
Agonize	To writhe with agony; to suffer violent anguish.
Agonize	To struggle; to wrestle; to strive desperately.
Agonize	To cause to suffer agony; to subject to extreme pain; to torture.
Agonizingly	With extreme anguish or desperate struggles.
Agonothete	An officer who presided over the great public games in Greece.
Agonothetic	Pertaining to the office of an agonothete.
Agonies	of Agony
Agony	Violent contest or striving.
Agony	Pain so extreme as to cause writhing or contortions of the body, similar to those made in the athletic contests in Greece; and hence, extreme pain of mind or body; anguish; paroxysm of grief; specifically, the sufferings of Christ in the garden of Gethsemane.
Agony	Paroxysm of joy; keen emotion.
Agony	The last struggle of life; death struggle.
Agood	In earnest; heartily.
Agora	An assembly; hence, the place of assembly, especially the market place, in an ancient Greek city.
Agouara	The crab-eating raccoon (Procyon cancrivorus), found in the tropical parts of America.
Agouta	A small insectivorous mammal (Solenodon paradoxus), allied to the moles, found only in Hayti.
Agouti	Alt. of Agouty
Agouty	A rodent of the genus Dasyprocta, about the size of a rabbit, peculiar to South America and the West Indies. The most common species is the Dasyprocta agouti.
Agrace	See Aggrace.
Agraffe	A hook or clasp.
Agraffe	A hook, eyelet, or other device by which a piano wire is so held as to limit the vibration.
Agrammatist	A illiterate person.
Agraphia	The absence or loss of the power of expressing ideas by written signs. It is one form of aphasia.
Agraphic	Characterized by agraphia.
Agrappes	Hooks and eyes for armor, etc.
Agrarian	Pertaining to fields, or lands, or their tenure; esp., relating to an equal or equitable division of lands; as, the agrarian laws of Rome, which distributed the conquered and other public lands among citizens.
Agrarian	Wild; -- said of plants growing in the fields.
Agrarian	One in favor of an equal division of landed property.
Agrarian	An agrarian law.
Agrarianism	An equal or equitable division of landed property; the principles or acts of those who favor a redistribution of land.
Agrarianize	To distribute according to, or to imbue with, the principles of agrarianism.
Agre	Alt. of Agree
Agree	In good part; kindly.
Agreed	of Agree
Agreeing	of Agree
Agree	To harmonize in opinion, statement, or action; to be in unison or concord; to be or become united or consistent; to concur; as, all parties agree in the expediency of the law.
Agree	To yield assent; to accede; -- followed by to; as, to agree to an offer, or to opinion.
Agree	To make a stipulation by way of settling differences or determining a price; to exchange promises; to come to terms or to a common resolve; to promise.
Agree	To be conformable; to resemble; to coincide; to correspond; as, the picture does not agree with the original; the two scales agree exactly.
Agree	To suit or be adapted in its effects; to do well; as, the same food does not agree with every constitution.
Agree	To correspond in gender, number, case, or person.
Agree	To make harmonious; to reconcile or make friends.
Agree	To admit, or come to one mind concerning; to settle; to arrange; as, to agree the fact; to agree differences.
Agreeability	Easiness of disposition.
Agreeability	The quality of being, or making one's self, agreeable; agreeableness.
Agreeable	Pleasing, either to the mind or senses; pleasant; grateful; as, agreeable manners or remarks; an agreeable person; fruit agreeable to the taste.
Agreeable	Willing; ready to agree or consent.
Agreeable	Agreeing or suitable; conformable; correspondent; concordant; adapted; -- followed by to, rarely by with.
Agreeable	In pursuance, conformity, or accordance; -- in this sense used adverbially for agreeably; as, agreeable to the order of the day, the House took up the report.
Agreeableness	The quality of being agreeable or pleasing; that quality which gives satisfaction or moderate pleasure to the mind or senses.
Agreeableness	The quality of being agreeable or suitable; suitableness or conformity; consistency.
Agreeableness	Resemblance; concordance; harmony; -- with to or between.
Agreeably	In an agreeably manner; in a manner to give pleasure; pleasingly.
Agreeably	In accordance; suitably; consistently; conformably; -- followed by to and rarely by with. See Agreeable, 4.
Agreeably	Alike; similarly.
Agreeingly	In an agreeing manner (to); correspondingly; agreeably.
Agreement	State of agreeing; harmony of opinion, statement, action, or character; concurrence; concord; conformity; as, a good agreement subsists among the members of the council.
Agreement	Concord or correspondence of one word with another in gender, number, case, or person.
Agreement	A concurrence in an engagement that something shall be done or omitted; an exchange of promises; mutual understanding, arrangement, or stipulation; a contract.
Agreement	The language, oral or written, embodying reciprocal promises.
Agreer	One who agrees.
Agrestic	Pertaining to fields or the country, in opposition to the city; rural; rustic; unpolished; uncouth.
Agrestical	Agrestic.
Agricolation	Agriculture.
Agricolist	A cultivator of the soil; an agriculturist.
Agricultor	An agriculturist; a farmer.
Agricultural	Of or pertaining to agriculture; connected with, or engaged in, tillage; as, the agricultural class; agricultural implements, wages, etc.
Agriculturalist	An agriculturist (which is the preferred form.)
Agriculture	The art or science of cultivating the ground, including the harvesting of crops, and the rearing and management of live stock; tillage; husbandry; farming.
Agriculturism	Agriculture.
Agriculturist	One engaged or skilled in agriculture; a husbandman.
Agrief	In grief; amiss.
Agrimony	A genus of plants of the Rose family.
Agrimony	The name is also given to various other plants; as, hemp agrimony (Eupatorium cannabinum); water agrimony (Bidens).
Agrin	In the act of grinning.
Agriologist	One versed or engaged in agriology.
Agriology	Description or comparative study of the customs of savage or uncivilized tribes.
Agrise	To shudder with terror; to tremble with fear.
Agrise	To shudder at; to abhor; to dread; to loathe.
Agrise	To terrify; to affright.
Agrom	A disease occurring in Bengal and other parts of the East Indies, in which the tongue chaps and cleaves.
Agronomic	Alt. of Agronomical
Agronomical	Pertaining to agronomy, of the management of farms.
Agronomics	The science of the distribution and management of land.
Agronomist	One versed in agronomy; a student of agronomy.
Agronomy	The management of land; rural economy; agriculture.
Agrope	In the act of groping.
Agrostis	A genus of grasses, including species called in common language bent grass. Some of them, as redtop (Agrostis vulgaris), are valuable pasture grasses.
Agrostographic	Alt. of Agrostographical
Agrostographical	Pertaining to agrostography.
Agrostography	A description of the grasses.
Agrostologic	Alt. of Agrostological
Agrostological	Pertaining to agrostology.
Agrostologist	One skilled in agrostology.
Agrostology	That part of botany which treats of the grasses.
Aground	On the ground; stranded; -- a nautical term applied to a ship when its bottom lodges on the ground.
Agroupment	See Aggroupment.
Agrypnotic	Anything which prevents sleep, or produces wakefulness, as strong tea or coffee.
Aguardiente	A inferior brandy of Spain and Portugal.
Aguardiente	A strong alcoholic drink, especially pulque.
Ague	An acute fever.
Ague	An intermittent fever, attended by alternate cold and hot fits.
Ague	The cold fit or rigor of the intermittent fever; as, fever and ague.
Ague	A chill, or state of shaking, as with cold.
Agued	of Ague
Ague	To strike with an ague, or with a cold fit.
Aguilt	To be guilty of; to offend; to sin against; to wrong.
Aguise	Dress.
Aguise	To dress; to attire; to adorn.
Aguish	Having the qualities of an ague; somewhat cold or shivering; chilly; shaky.
Aguish	Productive of, or affected by, ague; as, the aguish districts of England.
Agush	In a gushing state.
Agynous	Without female organs; male.
Ah	An exclamation, expressive of surprise, pity, complaint, entreaty, contempt, threatening, delight, triumph, etc., according to the manner of utterance.
Aha	An exclamation expressing, by different intonations, triumph, mixed with derision or irony, or simple surprise.
Aha	A sunk fence. See Ha-ha.
Ahead	In or to the front; in advance; onward.
Ahead	Headlong; without restraint.
Aheap	In a heap; huddled together.
Aheight	Aloft; on high.
Ahem	An exclamation to call one's attention; hem.
Ahey	Hey; ho.
Ahigh	On high.
Ahold	Near the wind; as, to lay a ship ahold.
Ahorseback	On horseback.
Ahoy	A term used in hailing; as, "Ship ahoy."
Ahriman	The Evil Principle or Being of the ancient Persians; the Prince of Darkness as opposer to Ormuzd, the King of Light.
Ahu	The Asiatic gazelle.
Ahull	With the sails furled, and the helm lashed alee; -- applied to ships in a storm. See Hull, n.
Ahungered	Pinched with hunger; very hungry.
Ais	of Ai
Ai	The three-toed sloth (Bradypus tridactylus) of South America. See Sloth.
Aiblins	Alt. of Ablins
Ablins	Perhaps; possibly.
Aich's metal	A kind of gun metal, containing copper, zinc, and iron, but no tin.
Aided	of Aid
Aiding	of Aid
Aid	To support, either by furnishing strength or means in cooperation to effect a purpose, or to prevent or to remove evil; to help; to assist.
Aid	Help; succor; assistance; relief.
Aid	The person or thing that promotes or helps in something done; a helper; an assistant.
Aid	A subsidy granted to the king by Parliament; also, an exchequer loan.
Aid	A pecuniary tribute paid by a vassal to his lord on special occasions.
Aid	An aid-de-camp, so called by abbreviation; as, a general's aid.
Aidance	Aid.
Aidant	Helping; helpful; supplying aid.
Aids-de-camp	of Aid-de-camp
Aid-de-camp	An officer selected by a general to carry orders, also to assist or represent him in correspondence and in directing movements.
Aider	One who, or that which, aids.
Aidful	Helpful.
Aidless	Helpless; without aid.
Aid-major	The adjutant of a regiment.
Aiel	See Ayle.
Aiglet	Same as Aglet.
Aigre	Sour.
Aigremore	Charcoal prepared for making powder.
Aigret	Alt. of Aigrette
Aigrette	The small white European heron. See Egret.
Aigrette	A plume or tuft for the head composed of feathers, or of gems, etc.
Aigrette	A tuft like that of the egret.
Aigrette	A feathery crown of seed; egret; as, the aigrette or down of the dandelion or the thistle.
Aiguille	A needle-shaped peak.
Aiguille	An instrument for boring holes, used in blasting.
Aiguillette	A point or tag at the end of a fringe or lace; an aglet.
Aiguillette	One of the ornamental tags, cords, or loops on some military and naval uniforms.
Aigulet	See Aglet.
Ailed	of Ail
Ailing	of Ail
Ail	To affect with pain or uneasiness, either physical or mental; to trouble; to be the matter with; -- used to express some uneasiness or affection, whose cause is unknown; as, what ails the man? I know not what ails him.
Ail	To be affected with pain or uneasiness of any sort; to be ill or indisposed or in trouble.
Ail	Indisposition or morbid affection.
Ailanthus	Same as Ailantus.
Ailantus	A genus of beautiful trees, natives of the East Indies. The tree imperfectly di/cious, and the staminate or male plant is very offensive when blossom.
Ailette	A small square shield, formerly worn on the shoulders of knights, -- being the prototype of the modern epaulet.
Ailment	Indisposition; morbid affection of the body; -- not applied ordinarily to acute diseases.
Ailuroidea	A group of the Carnivora, which includes the cats, civets, and hyenas.
Aimed	of Aim
Aiming	of Aim
Aim	To point or direct a missile weapon, or a weapon which propels as missile, towards an object or spot with the intent of hitting it; as, to aim at a fox, or at a target.
Aim	To direct the indention or purpose; to attempt the accomplishment of a purpose; to try to gain; to endeavor; -- followed by at, or by an infinitive; as, to aim at distinction; to aim to do well.
Aim	To guess or conjecture.
Aim	To direct or point, as a weapon, at a particular object; to direct, as a missile, an act, or a proceeding, at, to, or against an object; as, to aim a musket or an arrow, the fist or a blow (at something); to aim a satire or a reflection (at some person or vice).
Aim	The pointing of a weapon, as a gun, a dart, or an arrow, in the line of direction with the object intended to be struck; the line of fire; the direction of anything, as a spear, a blow, a discourse, a remark, towards a particular point or object, with a view to strike or affect it.
Aim	The point intended to be hit, or object intended to be attained or affected.
Aim	Intention; purpose; design; scheme.
Aim	Conjecture; guess.
Aimer	One who aims, directs, or points.
Aimless	Without aim or purpose; as, an aimless life.
Aino	One of a peculiar race inhabiting Yesso, the Kooril Islands etc., in the northern part of the empire of Japan, by some supposed to have been the progenitors of the Japanese. The Ainos are stout and short, with hairy bodies.
Ain't	A contraction for are not and am not; also used for is not. [Colloq. or illiterate speech]. See An't.
Air	The fluid which we breathe, and which surrounds the earth; the atmosphere. It is invisible, inodorous, insipid, transparent, compressible, elastic, and ponderable.
Air	Symbolically: Something unsubstantial, light, or volatile.
Air	A particular state of the atmosphere, as respects heat, cold, moisture, etc., or as affecting the sensations; as, a smoky air, a damp air, the morning air, etc.
Air	Any aeriform body; a gas; as, oxygen was formerly called vital air.
Air	Air in motion; a light breeze; a gentle wind.
Air	Odoriferous or contaminated air.
Air	That which surrounds and influences.
Air	Utterance abroad; publicity; vent.
Air	Intelligence; information.
Air	A musical idea, or motive, rhythmically developed in consecutive single tones, so as to form a symmetrical and balanced whole, which may be sung by a single voice to the stanzas of a hymn or song, or even to plain prose, or played upon an instrument; a melody; a tune; an aria.
Air	In harmonized chorals, psalmody, part songs, etc., the part which bears the tune or melody -- in modern harmony usually the upper part -- is sometimes called the air.
Air	The peculiar look, appearance, and bearing of a person; mien; demeanor; as, the air of a youth; a heavy air; a lofty air.
Air	Peculiar appearance; apparent character; semblance; manner; style.
Air	An artificial or affected manner; show of pride or vanity; haughtiness; as, it is said of a person, he puts on airs.
Air	The representation or reproduction of the effect of the atmospheric medium through which every object in nature is viewed.
Air	Carriage; attitude; action; movement; as, the head of that portrait has a good air.
Air	The artificial motion or carriage of a horse.
Aired	of Air
Airing	of Air
Air	To expose to the air for the purpose of cooling, refreshing, or purifying; to ventilate; as, to air a room.
Air	To expose for the sake of public notice; to display ostentatiously; as, to air one's opinion.
Air	To expose to heat, for the purpose of expelling dampness, or of warming; as, to air linen; to air liquors.
Air bed	A sack or matters inflated with air, and used as a bed.
Air bladder	An air sac, sometimes double or variously lobed, in the visceral cavity of many fishes. It originates in the same way as the lungs of air-breathing vertebrates, and in the adult may retain a tubular connection with the pharynx or esophagus.
Air bladder	A sac or bladder full of air in an animal or plant; also an air hole in a casting.
Air brake	A railway brake operated by condensed air.
Air-built	Erected in the air; having no solid foundation; chimerical; as, an air-built castle.
Air cell	A cavity in the cellular tissue of plants, containing air only.
Air cell	A receptacle of air in various parts of the system; as, a cell or minute cavity in the walls of the air tubes of the lungs; the air sac of birds; a dilatation of the air vessels in insects.
Air chamber	A chamber or cavity filled with air, in an animal or plant.
Air chamber	A cavity containing air to act as a spring for equalizing the flow of a liquid in a pump or other hydraulic machine.
Air cock	A faucet to allow escape of air.
Air-drawn	Drawn in air; imaginary.
Air drill	A drill driven by the elastic pressure of condensed air; a pneumatic drill.
Air engine	An engine driven by heated or by compressed air.
Airer	One who exposes to the air.
Airer	A frame on which clothes are aired or dried.
Air gas	See under Gas.
Air gun	A kind of gun in which the elastic force of condensed air is used to discharge the ball. The air is powerfully compressed into a reservoir attached to the gun, by a condensing pump, and is controlled by a valve actuated by the trigger.
Air hole	A hole to admit or discharge air; specifically, a spot in the ice not frozen over.
Air hole	A fault in a casting, produced by a bubble of air; a blowhole.
Airily	In an airy manner; lightly; gaily; jauntily; flippantly.
Airiness	The state or quality of being airy; openness or exposure to the air; as, the airiness of a country seat.
Airiness	Lightness of spirits; gayety; levity; as, the airiness of young persons.
Airing	A walk or a ride in the open air; a short excursion for health's sake.
Airing	An exposure to air, or to a fire, for warming, drying, etc.; as, the airing of linen, or of a room.
Air jacket	A jacket having air-tight cells, or cavities which can be filled with air, to render persons buoyant in swimming.
Airless	Not open to a free current of air; wanting fresh air, or communication with the open air.
Air level	Spirit level. See Level.
Airlike	Resembling air.
Airling	A thoughtless, gay person.
Airometer	A hollow cylinder to contain air. It is closed above and open below, and has its open end plunged into water.
Air pipe	A pipe for the passage of air; esp. a ventilating pipe.
Air plant	A plant deriving its sustenance from the air alone; an aerophyte.
Air poise	An instrument to measure the weight of air.
Air pump	A kind of pump for exhausting air from a vessel or closed space; also, a pump to condense air or force it into a closed space.
Air pump	A pump used to exhaust from a condenser the condensed steam, the water used for condensing, and any commingled air.
Air sac	One of the spaces in different parts of the bodies of birds, which are filled with air and connected with the air passages of the lungs; an air cell.
Air shaft	A passage, usually vertical, for admitting fresh air into a mine or a tunnel.
Air-slacked	Slacked, or pulverized, by exposure to the air; as, air-slacked lime.
Air stove	A stove for heating a current of air which is directed against its surface by means of pipes, and then distributed through a building.
Air-tight	So tight as to be impermeable to air; as, an air-tight cylinder.
Air-tight	A stove the draft of which can be almost entirely shut off.
Air vessel	A vessel, cell, duct, or tube containing or conducting air; as the air vessels of insects, birds, plants, etc.; the air vessel of a pump, engine, etc. For the latter, see Air chamber. The air vessels of insects are called tracheae, of plants spiral vessels.
Airward	Alt. of Airwards
Airwards	Toward the air; upward.
Airy	Consisting of air; as, an airy substance; the airy parts of bodies.
Airy	Relating or belonging to air; high in air; aerial; as, an airy flight.
Airy	Open to a free current of air; exposed to the air; breezy; as, an airy situation.
Airy	Resembling air; thin; unsubstantial; not material; airlike.
Airy	Relating to the spirit or soul; delicate; graceful; as, airy music.
Airy	Without reality; having no solid foundation; empty; trifling; visionary.
Airy	Light of heart; vivacious; sprightly; flippant; superficial.
Airy	Having an affected manner; being in the habit of putting on airs; affectedly grand.
Airy	Having the light and aerial tints true to nature.
Aisle	A lateral division of a building, separated from the middle part, called the nave, by a row of columns or piers, which support the roof or an upper wall containing windows, called the clearstory wall.
Aisle	Improperly used also for the have; -- as in the phrases, a church with three aisles, the middle aisle.
Aisle	Also (perhaps from confusion with alley), a passage into which the pews of a church open.
Aisled	Furnished with an aisle or aisles.
Aisless	Without an aisle.
Ait	An islet, or little isle, in a river or lake; an eyot.
Ait	Oat.
Aitch	The letter h or H.
Aitchbone	The bone of the rump; also, the cut of beef surrounding this bone.
Aitiology	See Aetiology.
Ajar	Slightly turned or opened; as, the door was standing ajar.
Ajar	In a state of discord; out of harmony; as, he is ajar with the world.
Ajog	On the jog.
Ajutage	A tube through which water is discharged; an efflux tube; as, the ajutage of a fountain.
Ake	See Ache.
Akene	Same as Achene.
Aketon	See Acton.
Akimbo	With a crook or bend; with the hand on the hip and elbow turned outward.
Akin	Of the same kin; related by blood; -- used of persons; as, the two families are near akin.
Akin	Allied by nature; partaking of the same properties; of the same kind.
Akinesia	Paralysis of the motor nerves; loss of movement.
Akinesic	Pertaining to akinesia.
Aknee	On the knee.
Aknow	Earlier form of Acknow.
Al	All.
Al-	All; wholly; completely; as, almighty, almost.
Al-	To; at; on; -- in OF. shortened to a-. See Ad-.
Al-	The Arabic definite article answering to the English the; as, Alkoran, the Koran or the Book; alchemy, the chemistry.
Al	Although; if.
Alae	of Ala
Ala	A winglike organ, or part.
Alabama period	A period in the American eocene, the lowest in the tertiary age except the lignitic.
Alabaster	A compact variety or sulphate of lime, or gypsum, of fine texture, and usually white and translucent, but sometimes yellow, red, or gray. It is carved into vases, mantel ornaments, etc.
Alabaster	A hard, compact variety of carbonate of lime, somewhat translucent, or of banded shades of color; stalagmite. The name is used in this sense by Pliny. It is sometimes distinguished as oriental alabaster.
Alabaster	A box or vessel for holding odoriferous ointments, etc.; -- so called from the stone of which it was originally made.
Alabastrian	Alabastrine.
Alabastrine	Of, pertaining to, or like, alabaster; as alabastrine limbs.
Alabastra	of Alabastrum
Alabastrum	A flower bud.
Alack	An exclamation expressive of sorrow.
Alackaday	An exclamation expressing sorrow.
Alacrify	To rouse to action; to inspirit.
Alacrious	Brisk; joyously active; lively.
Alacriously	With alacrity; briskly.
Alacriousness	Alacrity.
Alacrity	A cheerful readiness, willingness, or promptitude; joyous activity; briskness; sprightliness; as, the soldiers advanced with alacrity to meet the enemy.
Aladinist	One of a sect of freethinkers among the Mohammedans.
Alalonga	Alt. of Alilonghi
Alilonghi	The tunny. See Albicore.
Alamire	The lowest note but one in Guido Aretino's scale of music.
Alamodality	The quality of being a la mode; conformity to the mode or fashion; fashionableness.
Alamode	According to the fashion or prevailing mode.
Alamode	A thin, black silk for hoods, scarfs, etc.; -- often called simply mode.
Alamort	To the death; mortally.
Alan	A wolfhound.
Aland	On land; to the land; ashore.
Alanine	A white crystalline base, C3H7NO2, derived from aldehyde ammonia.
Alantin	See Inulin.
Alar	Pertaining to, or having, wings.
Alar	Axillary; in the fork or axil.
Alarm	A summons to arms, as on the approach of an enemy.
Alarm	Any sound or information intended to give notice of approaching danger; a warning sound to arouse attention; a warning of danger.
Alarm	A sudden attack; disturbance; broil.
Alarm	Sudden surprise with fear or terror excited by apprehension of danger; in the military use, commonly, sudden apprehension of being attacked by surprise.
Alarm	A mechanical contrivance for awaking persons from sleep, or rousing their attention; an alarum.
Alarmed	of Alarm
Alarming	of Alarm
Alarm	To call to arms for defense; to give notice to (any one) of approaching danger; to rouse to vigilance and action; to put on the alert.
Alarm	To keep in excitement; to disturb.
Alarm	To surprise with apprehension of danger; to fill with anxiety in regard to threatening evil; to excite with sudden fear.
Alarmable	Easily alarmed or disturbed.
Alarmed	Aroused to vigilance; excited by fear of approaching danger; agitated; disturbed; as, an alarmed neighborhood; an alarmed modesty.
Alarmedly	In an alarmed manner.
Alarming	Exciting, or calculated to excite, alarm; causing apprehension of danger; as, an alarming crisis or report. -- A*larm"ing*ly, adv.
Alarmist	One prone to sound or excite alarms, especially, needless alarms.
Alarum	See Alarm.
Alary	Of or pertaining to wings; also, wing-shaped.
Alas	An exclamation expressive of sorrow, pity, or apprehension of evil; -- in old writers, sometimes followed by day or white; alas the day, like alack a day, or alas the white.
Alate	Lately; of late.
Alate	Alt. of Alated
Alated	Winged; having wings, or side appendages like wings.
Alatern	Alt. of Alaternus
Alaternus	An ornamental evergreen shrub (Rhamnus alaternus) belonging to the buckthorns.
Alation	The state of being winged.
Alaunt	See Alan.
Alb	A vestment of white linen, reaching to the feet, an enveloping the person; -- in the Roman Catholic church, worn by those in holy orders when officiating at mass. It was formerly worn, at least by clerics, in daily life.
Albacore	See Albicore.
Alban	A white crystalline resinous substance extracted from gutta-percha by the action of alcohol or ether.
Albanian	Of or pertaining to Albania, a province of Turkey.
Albanian	A native of Albania.
Albata	A white metallic alloy; which is made into spoons, forks, teapots, etc.   British plate or German silver. See German silver, under German.
Albatross	A web-footed bird, of the genus Diomedea, of which there are several species. They are the largest of sea birds, capable of long-continued flight, and are often seen at great distances from the land. They are found chiefly in the southern hemisphere.
Albe	Alt. of Albee
Albee	Although; albeit.
Albedo	Whiteness. Specifically: (Astron.) The ratio which the light reflected from an unpolished surface bears to the total light falling upon that surface.
Albeit	Even though; although; notwithstanding.
Albertite	A bituminous mineral resembling asphaltum, found in the county of A. /bert, New Brunswick.
Albertype	A picture printed from a kind of gelatine plate produced by means of a photographic negative.
Albescence	The act of becoming white; whitishness.
Albescent	Becoming white or whitish; moderately white.
Albicant	Growing or becoming white.
Albication	The process of becoming white, or developing white patches, or streaks.
Albicore	A name applied to several large fishes of the Mackerel family, esp. Orcynus alalonga. One species (Orcynus thynnus), common in the Mediterranean and Atlantic, is called in New England the horse mackerel; the tunny.
Albification	The act or process of making white.
Albigenses	Alt. of Albigeois
Albigeois	A sect of reformers opposed to the church of Rome in the 12th centuries.
Albigensian	Of or pertaining to the Albigenses.
Albiness	A female albino.
Albinism	The state or condition of being an albino: abinoism; leucopathy.
Albinistic	Affected with albinism.
Albinos	of Albino
Albino	A person, whether negro, Indian, or white, in whom by some defect of organization the substance which gives color to the skin, hair, and eyes is deficient or in a morbid state. An albino has a skin of a milky hue, with hair of the same color, and eyes with deep red pupil and pink or blue iris. The term is also used of the lower animals, as white mice, elephants, etc.; and of plants in a whitish condition from the absence of chlorophyll.
Albinoism	The state or condition of being an albino; albinism.
Albinotic	Affected with albinism.
Albion	An ancient name of England, still retained in poetry.
Albite	A mineral of the feldspar family, triclinic in crystallization, and in composition a silicate of alumina and soda. It is a common constituent of granite and of various igneous rocks. See Feldspar.
Albolith	A kind of plastic cement, or artificial stone, consisting chiefly of magnesia and silica; -- called also albolite.
Alborak	The imaginary milk-white animal on which Mohammed was said to have been carried up to heaven; a white mule.
Albugineous	Of the nature of, or resembling, the white of the eye, or of an egg; albuminous; -- a term applied to textures, humors, etc., which are perfectly white.
Albugines	of Albugo
Albugo	Same as Leucoma.
Album	A white tablet on which anything was inscribed, as a list of names, etc.
Album	A register for visitors' names; a visitors' book.
Album	A blank book, in which to insert autographs sketches, memorial writing of friends, photographs, etc.
Albumen	The white of an egg.
Albumen	Nourishing matter stored up within the integuments of the seed in many plants, but not incorporated in the embryo. It is the floury part in corn, wheat, and like grains, the oily part in poppy seeds, the fleshy part in the cocoanut, etc.
Albumen	Same as Albumin.
Albumenized	of Albumenize
Albumenizing	of Albumenize
Albumenize	To cover or saturate with albumen; to coat or treat with an albuminous solution; as, to albumenize paper.
Album Graecum	Dung of dogs or hyenas, which becomes white by exposure to air. It is used in dressing leather, and was formerly used in medicine.
Albumin	A thick, viscous nitrogenous substance, which is the chief and characteristic constituent of white of eggs and of the serum of blood, and is found in other animal substances, both fluid and solid, also in many plants. It is soluble in water and is coagulated by heat and by certain chemical reagents.
Albuminate	A substance produced by the action of an alkali upon albumin, and resembling casein in its properties; also, a compound formed by the union of albumin with another substance.
Albuminiferous	Supplying albumen.
Albuminimeter	An instrument for ascertaining the quantity of albumen in a liquid.
Albuminin	The substance of the cells which inclose the white of birds' eggs.
Albuminiparous	Producing albumin.
Albuminoid	Resembling albumin.
Albuminoid	One of a class of organic principles (called also proteids) which form the main part of organized tissues.
Albuminoidal	Of the nature of an albuminoid.
Albuminose	A diffusible substance formed from albumin by the action of natural or artificial gastric juice. See Peptone.
Albuminous	Alt. of Albuminose
Albuminose	Pertaining to, or containing, albumen; having the properties of, or resembling, albumen or albumin.
Albuminuria	A morbid condition in which albumin is present in the urine.
Albumose	A compound or class of compounds formed from albumin by dilute acids or by an acid solution of pepsin. Used also in combination, as antialbumose, hemialbumose.
Alburn	The bleak, a small European fish having scales of a peculiarly silvery color which are used in making artificial pearls.
Alburnous	Of or pertaining to alburnum; of the alburnum; as, alburnous substances.
Alburnum	The white and softer part of wood, between the inner bark and the hard wood or duramen; sapwood.
Albyn	Scotland; esp. the Highlands of Scotland.
Alcade	Same as Alcaid.
Alcahest	Same as Alkahest.
Alcaic	Pertaining to Alcaeus, a lyric poet of Mitylene, about 6000 b. c.
Alcaic	A kind of verse, so called from Alcaeus. One variety consists of five feet, a spondee or iambic, an iambic, a long syllable, and two dactyls.
Alcaid	Alt. of Alcayde
Alcayde	A commander of a castle or fortress among the Spaniards, Portuguese, and Moors.
Alcayde	The warden, or keeper of a jail.
Alcalde	A magistrate or judge in Spain and in Spanish America, etc.
Alcalimeter	See Alkalimeter.
Alcanna	An oriental shrub (Lawsonia inermis) from which henna is obtained.
Alcarrazas	of Alcarraza
Alcarraza	A vessel of porous earthenware, used for cooling liquids by evaporation from the exterior surface.
Alcayde	Same as Alcaid.
Alcazar	A fortress; also, a royal palace.
Alcedo	A genus of perching birds, including the European kingfisher (Alcedo ispida). See Halcyon.
Alchemic	Alt. of Alchemical
Alchemical	Of or relating to alchemy.
Alchemically	In the manner of alchemy.
Alchemist	One who practices alchemy.
Alchemistic	Alt. of Alchemistical
Alchemistical	Relating to or practicing alchemy.
Alchemistry	Alchemy.
Alchemize	To change by alchemy; to transmute.
Alchemy	An imaginary art which aimed to transmute the baser metals into gold, to find the panacea, or universal remedy for diseases, etc. It led the way to modern chemistry.
Alchemy	A mixed metal composed mainly of brass, formerly used for various utensils; hence, a trumpet.
Alchemy	Miraculous power of transmuting something common into something precious.
Alchymic	Alt. of Alchymy
Alchymist	Alt. of Alchymy
Alchymistic	Alt. of Alchymy
Alchymy	See Alchemic, Alchemist, Alchemistic, Alchemy.
Alco	A small South American dog, domesticated by the aborigines.
Alcoate	Alt. of Alcohate
Alcohate	Shortened forms of Alcoholate.
Alcohol	An impalpable powder.
Alcohol	The fluid essence or pure spirit obtained by distillation.
Alcohol	Pure spirit of wine; pure or highly rectified spirit (called also ethyl alcohol); the spirituous or intoxicating element of fermented or distilled liquors, or more loosely a liquid containing it in considerable quantity. It is extracted by simple distillation from various vegetable juices and infusions of a saccharine nature, which have undergone vinous fermentation.
Alcohol	A class of compounds analogous to vinic alcohol in constitution. Chemically speaking, they are hydroxides of certain organic radicals; as, the radical ethyl forms common or ethyl alcohol (C2H5.OH); methyl forms methyl alcohol (CH3.OH) or wood spirit; amyl forms amyl alcohol (C5H11.OH) or fusel oil, etc.
Alcoholate	A crystallizable compound of a salt with alcohol, in which the latter plays a part analogous to that of water of crystallization.
Alcoholature	An alcoholic tincture prepared with fresh plants.
Alcoholic	Of or pertaining to alcohol, or partaking of its qualities; derived from, or caused by, alcohol; containing alcohol; as, alcoholic mixtures; alcoholic gastritis; alcoholic odor.
Alcoholic	A person given to the use of alcoholic liquors.
Alcoholic	Alcoholic liquors.
Alcoholism	A diseased condition of the system, brought about by the continued use of alcoholic liquors.
Alcoholization	The act of reducing a substance to a fine or impalpable powder.
Alcoholization	The act rectifying spirit.
Alcoholization	Saturation with alcohol; putting the animal system under the influence of alcoholic liquor.
Alcoholized	of Alcoholize
Alcoholizing	of Alcoholize
Alcoholize	To reduce to a fine powder.
Alcoholize	To convert into alcohol; to rectify; also, to saturate with alcohol.
Alcoholometer	Alt. of Alcoholmeter
Alcoholmeter	An instrument for determining the strength of spirits, with a scale graduated so as to indicate the percentage of pure alcohol, either by weight or volume. It is usually a form of hydrometer with a special scale.
Alcoholometric	Alt. of Alcoholmetrical
Alcoholometrical	Alt. of Alcoholmetrical
Alcoholmetrical	Relating to the alcoholometer or alcoholometry.
Alcoholometry	The process or method of ascertaining the proportion of pure alcohol which spirituous liquors contain.
Alcohometer	Alt. of Alcohometric
Alcohometric	Same as Alcoholometer, Alcoholometric.
Alcoometry	See Alcoholometry.
Alcoran	The Mohammedan Scriptures; the Koran (now the usual form).
Alcoranic	Of or pertaining to the Koran.
Alcoranist	One who adheres to the letter of the Koran, rejecting all traditions.
Alcove	A recessed portion of a room, or a small room opening into a larger one; especially, a recess to contain a bed; a lateral recess in a library.
Alcove	A small ornamental building with seats, or an arched seat, in a pleasure ground; a garden bower.
Alcove	Any natural recess analogous to an alcove or recess in an apartment.
Alcyon	See Halcyon.
Alcyonacea	A group of soft-bodied Alcyonaria, of which Alcyonium is the type. See Illust. under Alcyonaria.
Alcyonaria	One of the orders of Anthozoa. It includes the Alcyonacea, Pennatulacea, and Gorgonacea.
Alcyones	The kingfishers.
Alcyonic	Of or pertaining to the Alcyonaria.
Alcyonium	A genus of fleshy Alcyonaria, its polyps somewhat resembling flowers with eight fringed rays. The term was also formerly used for certain species of sponges.
Alcyonoid	Like or pertaining to the Alcyonaria.
Alcyonoid	A zoophyte of the order Alcyonaria.
Alday	Continually.
Aldebaran	A red star of the first magnitude, situated in the eye of Taurus; the Bull's Eye. It is the bright star in the group called the Hyades.
Aldehyde	A colorless, mobile, and very volatile liquid obtained from alcohol by certain processes of oxidation.
Aldehydic	Of or pertaining to aldehyde; as, aldehydic acid.
Alder	A tree, usually growing in moist land, and belonging to the genus Alnus. The wood is used by turners, etc.; the bark by dyers and tanners. In the U. S. the species of alder are usually shrubs or small trees.
Alder	Alt. of Aller
Aller	Of all; -- used in composition; as, alderbest, best of all, alderwisest, wisest of all.
Alder-liefest	Most beloved.
Aldermen	of Alderman
Alderman	A senior or superior; a person of rank or dignity.
Alderman	One of a board or body of municipal officers next in order to the mayor and having a legislative function. They may, in some cases, individually exercise some magisterial and administrative functions.
Aldermancy	The office of an alderman.
Aldermanic	Relating to, becoming to, or like, an alderman; characteristic of an alderman.
Aldermanity	Aldermen collectively; the body of aldermen.
Aldermanity	The state of being an alderman.
Aldermanlike	Like or suited to an alderman.
Aldermanly	Pertaining to, or like, an alderman.
Aldermanly	Pertaining to, or like, an alderman.
Aldermanry	The district or ward of an alderman.
Aldermanry	The office or rank of an alderman.
Aldermanship	The condition, position, or office of an alderman.
Aldern	Made of alder.
Alderney	One of a breed of cattle raised in Alderney, one of the Channel Islands. Alderneys are of a dun or tawny color and are often called Jersey cattle. See Jersey, 3.
Aldine	An epithet applied to editions (chiefly of the classics) which proceeded from the press of Aldus Manitius, and his family, of Venice, for the most part in the 16th century and known by the sign of the anchor and the dolphin. The term has also been applied to certain elegant editions of English works.
Ale	An intoxicating liquor made from an infusion of malt by fermentation and the addition of a bitter, usually hops.
Ale	A festival in English country places, so called from the liquor drunk.
Aleak	In a leaking condition.
Aleatory	Depending on some uncertain contingency; as, an aleatory contract.
Alebench	A bench in or before an alehouse.
Aleberry	A beverage, formerly made by boiling ale with spice, sugar, and sops of bread.
Alecithal	Applied to those ova which segment uniformly, and which have little or no food yelk embedded in their protoplasm.
Aleconner	Orig., an officer appointed to look to the goodness of ale and beer; also, one of the officers chosen by the liverymen of London to inspect the measures used in public houses. But the office is a sinecure. [Also called aletaster.]
Alecost	The plant costmary, which was formerly much used for flavoring ale.
Alectorides	A group of birds including the common fowl and the pheasants.
Alectoromachy	Cockfighting.
Alectoromancy	See Alectryomancy.
Alectryom'achy	Cockfighting.
Alectryomancy	Divination by means of a cock and grains of corn placed on the letters of the alphabet, the letters being put together in the order in which the grains were eaten.
Alee	On or toward the lee, or the side away from the wind; the opposite of aweather. The helm of a ship is alee when pressed close to the lee side.
Alegar	Sour ale; vinegar made of ale.
Aleger	Gay; cheerful; sprightly.
Alegge	To allay or alleviate; to lighten.
Alehoof	Ground ivy (Nepeta Glechoma).
Alehouse	A house where ale is retailed; hence, a tippling house.
Ale-knight	A pot companion.
Alemannic	Belonging to the Alemanni, a confederacy of warlike German tribes.
Alemannic	The language of the Alemanni.
Alembic	An apparatus formerly used in distillation, usually made of glass or metal. It has mostly given place to the retort and worm still.
Alembroth	The salt of wisdom of the alchemists, a double salt composed of the chlorides of ammonium and mercury. It was formerly used as a stimulant.
Alen/on lace	See under Lace.
Alength	At full length; lengthwise.
Alepidote	Not having scales.
Alepidote	A fish without scales.
Alepole	A pole set up as the sign of an alehouse.
Alert	Watchful; vigilant; active in vigilance.
Alert	Brisk; nimble; moving with celerity.
Alert	An alarm from a real or threatened attack; a sudden attack; also, a bugle sound to give warning.
Alertly	In an alert manner; nimbly.
Alertness	The quality of being alert or on the alert; briskness; nimbleness; activity.
Ale silver	A duty payable to the lord mayor of London by the sellers of ale within the city.
Alestake	A stake or pole projecting from, or set up before, an alehouse, as a sign; an alepole. At the end was commonly suspended a garland, a bunch of leaves, or a "bush."
Aletaster	See Aleconner.
Alethiology	The science which treats of the nature of truth and evidence.
Alethoscope	An instrument for viewing pictures by means of a lens, so as to present them in their natural proportions and relations.
Aleuromancy	Divination by means of flour.
Aleurometer	An instrument for determining the expansive properties, or quality, of gluten in flour.
Aleurone	An albuminoid substance which occurs in minute grains ("protein granules") in maturing seeds and tubers; -- supposed to be a modification of protoplasm.
Aleuronic	Having the nature of aleurone.
Aleutian	Alt. of Aleutic
Aleutic	Of or pertaining to a chain of islands between Alaska and Kamtchatka; also, designating these islands.
Alevin	Young fish; fry.
Alew	Halloo.
Alewives	of Alewife
Alewife	A woman who keeps an alehouse.
Alewives	of Alewife
Alewife	A North American fish (Clupea vernalis) of the Herring family. It is called also ellwife, ellwhop, branch herring. The name is locally applied to other related species.
Alexanders	Alt. of Alisanders
Alisanders	A name given to two species of the genus Smyrnium, formerly cultivated and used as celery now is; -- called also horse parsely.
Alexandrian	Of or pertaining to Alexandria in Egypt; as, the Alexandrian library.
Alexandrian	Applied to a kind of heroic verse. See Alexandrine, n.
Alexandrine	Belonging to Alexandria; Alexandrian.
Alexandrine	A kind of verse consisting in English of twelve syllables.
Alexipharmac	Alt. of Alexipharmacal
Alexipharmacal	Alexipharmic.
Alexipharmic	Alt. of Alexipharmical
Alexipharmical	Expelling or counteracting poison; antidotal.
Alexipharmic	An antidote against poison or infection; a counterpoison.
Alexipyretic	Serving to drive off fever; antifebrile.
Alexipyretic	A febrifuge.
Alexiteric	Alt. of Alexiterical
Alexiterical	Resisting poison; obviating the effects of venom; alexipharmic.
Alexiteric	A preservative against contagious and infectious diseases, and the effects of poison in general.
Alfa	Alt. of Alfa grass
Alfa grass	A plant (Macrochloa tenacissima) of North Africa; also, its fiber, used in paper making.
Alfalfa	The lucern (Medicago sativa); -- so called in California, Texas, etc.
Alfenide	An alloy of nickel and silver electroplated with silver.
Alferes	An ensign; a standard bearer.
Alfet	A caldron of boiling water into which an accused person plunged his forearm as a test of innocence or guilt.
Alfilaria	The pin grass (Erodium cicutarium), a weed in California.
Alfione	An edible marine fish of California (Rhacochilus toxotes).
Alfresco	In the open-air.
Algae	of Alga
Alga	A kind of seaweed; pl. the class of cellular cryptogamic plants which includes the black, red, and green seaweeds, as kelp, dulse, sea lettuce, also marine and fresh water confervae, etc.
Algal	Pertaining to, or like, algae.
Algaroba	The Carob, a leguminous tree of the Mediterranean region; also, its edible beans or pods, called St. John's bread.
Algaroba	The Honey mesquite (Prosopis juliflora), a small tree found from California to Buenos Ayres; also, its sweet, pulpy pods. A valuable gum, resembling gum arabic, is collected from the tree in Texas and Mexico.
Algarot	Alt. of Algaroth
Algaroth	A term used for the Powder of Algaroth, a white powder which is a compound of trichloride and trioxide of antimony. It was formerly used in medicine as an emetic, purgative, and diaphoretic.
Algarovilla	The agglutinated seeds and husks of the legumes of a South American tree (Inga Marthae). It is valuable for tanning leather, and as a dye.
Algate	Alt. of Algates
Algates	Always; wholly; everywhere.
Algates	By any or means; at all events.
Algates	Notwithstanding; yet.
Algazel	The true gazelle.
Algebra	That branch of mathematics which treats of the relations and properties of quantity by means of letters and other symbols. It is applicable to those relations that are true of every kind of magnitude.
Algebra	A treatise on this science.
Algebraic	Alt. of Algebraical
Algebraical	Of or pertaining to algebra; containing an operation of algebra, or deduced from such operation; as, algebraic characters; algebraical writings.
Algebraically	By algebraic process.
Algebraist	One versed in algebra.
Algebraize	To perform by algebra; to reduce to algebraic form.
Algerian	Of or pertaining to Algeria.
Algerian	A native of Algeria.
Algerine	Of or pertaining to Algiers or Algeria.
Algerine	A native or one of the people of Algiers or Algeria. Also, a pirate.
Algid	Cold; chilly.
Algidity	Chilliness; coldness
Algidity	coldness and collapse.
Algidness	Algidity.
Algific	Producing cold.
Algoid	Of the nature of, or resembling, an alga.
Algol	A fixed star, in Medusa's head, in the constellation Perseus, remarkable for its periodic variation in brightness.
Algological	Of or pertaining to algology; as, algological specimens.
Algologist	One learned about algae; a student of algology.
Algology	The study or science of algae or seaweeds.
Algonquin	Alt. of Algonkin
Algonkin	One of a widely spread family of Indians, including many distinct tribes, which formerly occupied most of the northern and eastern part of North America. The name was originally applied to a group of Indian tribes north of the River St. Lawrence.
Algor	Cold; chilliness.
Algorism	Alt. of Algorithm
Algorithm	The art of calculating by nine figures and zero.
Algorithm	The art of calculating with any species of notation; as, the algorithms of fractions, proportions, surds, etc.
Algous	Of or pertaining to the algae, or seaweeds; abounding with, or like, seaweed.
Alguazil	An inferior officer of justice in Spain; a warrant officer; a constable.
Algum	Same as Almug (and etymologically preferable).
Alhambra	The palace of the Moorish kings at Granada.
Alhambraic	Alt. of Alhambresque
Alhambresque	Made or decorated after the fanciful style of the ornamentation in the Alhambra, which affords an unusually fine exhibition of Saracenic or Arabesque architecture.
Alhenna	See Henna.
Alias	Otherwise; otherwise called; -- a term used in legal proceedings to connect the different names of any one who has gone by two or more, and whose true name is for any cause doubtful; as, Smith, alias Simpson.
Alias	At another time.
Aliases	of Alias
Alias	A second or further writ which is issued after a first writ has expired without effect.
Alias	Another name; an assumed name.
Alibi	The plea or mode of defense under which a person on trial for a crime proves or attempts to prove that he was in another place when the alleged act was committed; as, to set up an alibi; to prove an alibi.
Alibility	Quality of being alible.
Alible	Nutritive; nourishing.
Alicant	A kind of wine, formerly much esteemed; -- said to have been made near Alicant, in Spain.
Alidade	The portion of a graduated instrument, as a quadrant or astrolabe, carrying the sights or telescope, and showing the degrees cut off on the arc of the instrument
Alien	Not belonging to the same country, land, or government, or to the citizens or subjects thereof; foreign; as, alien subjects, enemies, property, shores.
Alien	Wholly different in nature; foreign; adverse; inconsistent (with); incongruous; -- followed by from or sometimes by to; as, principles alien from our religion.
Alien	A foreigner; one owing allegiance, or belonging, to another country; a foreign-born resident of a country in which he does not possess the privileges of a citizen. Hence, a stranger. See Alienage.
Alien	One excluded from certain privileges; one alienated or estranged; as, aliens from God's mercies.
Alien	To alienate; to estrange; to transfer, as property or ownership.
Alienability	Capability of being alienated.
Alienable	Capable of being alienated, sold, or transferred to another; as, land is alienable according to the laws of the state.
Alienage	The state or legal condition of being an alien.
Alienage	The state of being alienated or transferred to another.
Alienate	Estranged; withdrawn in affection; foreign; -- with from.
Alienated	of Alienate
Alienating	of Alienate
Alienate	To convey or transfer to another, as title, property, or right; to part voluntarily with ownership of.
Alienate	To withdraw, as the affections; to make indifferent of averse, where love or friendship before subsisted; to estrange; to wean; -- with from.
Alienate	A stranger; an alien.
Alienation	The act of alienating, or the state of being alienated.
Alienation	A transfer of title, or a legal conveyance of property to another.
Alienation	A withdrawing or estrangement, as of the affections.
Alienation	Mental alienation; derangement of the mental faculties; insanity; as, alienation of mind.
Alienator	One who alienates.
Aliene	To alien or alienate; to transfer, as title or property; as, to aliene an estate.
Alienee	One to whom the title of property is transferred; -- opposed to alienor.
Alienism	The status or legal condition of an alien; alienage.
Alienism	The study or treatment of diseases of the mind.
Alienist	One who treats diseases of the mind.
Alienor	One who alienates or transfers property to another.
Aliethmoid	Alt. of Aliethmoidal
Aliethmoidal	Pertaining to expansions of the ethmoid bone or cartilage.
Alife	On my life; dearly.
Aliferous	Having wings, winged; aligerous.
Aliform	Wing-shaped; winglike.
Aligerous	Having wings; winged.
Alighted	of Alight
Alit	of Alight
Alighting	of Alight
Alight	To spring down, get down, or descend, as from on horseback or from a carriage; to dismount.
Alight	To descend and settle, lodge, rest, or stop; as, a flying bird alights on a tree; snow alights on a roof.
Alight	To come or chance (upon).
Alight	Lighted; lighted up; in a flame.
Align	To adjust or form to a line; to range or form in line; to bring into line; to aline.
Align	To form in line; to fall into line.
Alignment	The act of adjusting to a line; arrangement in a line or lines; the state of being so adjusted; a formation in a straight line; also, the line of adjustment; esp., an imaginary line to regulate the formation of troops or of a squadron.
Alignment	The ground-plan of a railway or other road, in distinction from the grades or profile.
Alike	Having resemblance or similitude; similar; without difference.
Alike	In the same manner, form, or degree; in common; equally; as, we are all alike concerned in religion.
Alike-minded	Like-minded.
Aliment	That which nourishes; food; nutriment; anything which feeds or adds to a substance in natural growth. Hence: The necessaries of life generally: sustenance; means of support.
Aliment	An allowance for maintenance.
Aliment	To nourish; to support.
Aliment	To provide for the maintenance of.
Alimental	Supplying food; having the quality of nourishing; furnishing the materials for natural growth; as, alimental sap.
Alimentally	So as to serve for nourishment or food; nourishing quality.
Alimentariness	The quality of being alimentary; nourishing quality.
Alimentary	Pertaining to aliment or food, or to the function of nutrition; nutritious; alimental; as, alimentary substances.
Alimentation	The act or process of affording nutriment; the function of the alimentary canal.
Alimentation	State or mode of being nourished.
Alimentiveness	The instinct or faculty of appetite for food.
Alimonious	Affording food; nourishing.
Alimony	Maintenance; means of living.
Alimony	An allowance made to a wife out of her husband's estate or income for her support, upon her divorce or legal separation from him, or during a suit for the same.
Alinasal	Pertaining to expansions of the nasal bone or cartilage.
Aline	To range or place in a line; to bring into line; to align.
Alineation	See Allineation.
Alinement	Same as Alignment.
Aliner	One who adjusts things to a line or lines or brings them into line.
Alioth	A star in the tail of the Great Bear, the one next the bowl in the Dipper.
Aliped	Wing-footed, as the bat.
Aliped	An animal whose toes are connected by a membrane, serving for a wing, as the bat.
Aliquant	An aliquant part of a number or quantity is one which does not divide it without leaving a remainder; thus, 5 is an aliquant part of 16. Opposed to aliquot.
Aliquot	An aliquot part of a number or quantity is one which will divide it without a remainder; thus, 5 is an aliquot part of 15. Opposed to aliquant.
Aliseptal	Relating to expansions of the nasal septum.
Alish	Like ale; as, an alish taste.
Alisphenoid	Alt. of Alisphenoidal
Alisphenoidal	Pertaining to or forming the wing of the sphenoid; relating to a bone in the base of the skull, which in the adult is often consolidated with the sphenoid; as, alisphenoid bone; alisphenoid canal.
Alisphenoid	The alisphenoid bone.
Alitrunk	The segment of the body of an insect to which the wings are attached; the thorax.
Aliturgical	Applied to those days when the holy sacrifice is not offered.
Aliunde	From another source; from elsewhere; as, a case proved aliunde; evidence aliunde.
Alive	Having life, in opposition to dead; living; being in a state in which the organs perform their functions; as, an animal or a plant which is alive.
Alive	In a state of action; in force or operation; unextinguished; unexpired; existent; as, to keep the fire alive; to keep the affections alive.
Alive	Exhibiting the activity and motion of many living beings; swarming; thronged.
Alive	Sprightly; lively; brisk.
Alive	Having susceptibility; easily impressed; having lively feelings, as opposed to apathy; sensitive.
Alive	Of all living (by way of emphasis).
Alizari	The madder of the Levant.
Alizarin	A coloring principle, C14H6O2(OH)2, found in madder, and now produced artificially from anthracene. It produces the Turkish reds.
Alkahest	The fabled "universal solvent" of the alchemists; a menstruum capable of dissolving all bodies.
Alkalamide	One of a series of compounds that may be regarded as ammonia in which a part of the hydrogen has been replaced by basic, and another part by acid, atoms or radicals.
Alkalescence	Alt. of Alkalescency
Alkalescency	A tendency to become alkaline; or the state of a substance in which alkaline properties begin to be developed, or to predominant.
Alkalescent	Tending to the properties of an alkali; slightly alkaline.
Alkalis	of Alkali
Alkalies	of Alkali
Alkali	Soda ash; caustic soda, caustic potash, etc.
Alkali	One of a class of caustic bases, such as soda, potash, ammonia, and lithia, whose distinguishing peculiarities are solubility in alcohol and water, uniting with oils and fats to form soap, neutralizing and forming salts with acids, turning to brown several vegetable yellows, and changing reddened litmus to blue.
Alkalifiable	Capable of being alkalified, or converted into an alkali.
Alkalified	of Alkalify
Alkalifying	of Alkalify
Alkalify	To convert into an alkali; to give alkaline properties to.
Alkalify	To become changed into an alkali.
Alkalimeter	An instrument to ascertain the strength of alkalies, or the quantity of alkali in a mixture.
Alkalimetric	Alt. of Alkalimetrical
Alkalimetrical	Of or pertaining to alkalimetry.
Alkalimetry	The art or process of ascertaining the strength of alkalies, or the quantity present in alkaline mixtures.
Alkaline	Of or pertaining to an alkali or to alkalies; having the properties of an alkali.
Alkalinity	The quality which constitutes an alkali; alkaline property.
Alkalious	Alkaline.
Alkalizate	Alkaline.
Alkalizate	To alkalizate.
Alkalization	The act rendering alkaline by impregnating with an alkali; a conferring of alkaline qualities.
Alkalized	of Alkalize
Alkalizing	of Alkalize
Alkalize	To render alkaline; to communicate the properties of an alkali to.
Alkaloid	Alt. of Alkaloidal
Alkaloidal	Pertaining to, resembling, or containing, alkali.
Alkaloid	An organic base, especially one of a class of substances occurring ready formed in the tissues of plants and the bodies of animals.
Alkanet	A dyeing matter extracted from the roots of Alkanna tinctoria, which gives a fine deep red color.
Alkanet	A boraginaceous herb (Alkanna tinctoria) yielding the dye; orchanet.
Alkanet	The similar plant Anchusa officinalis; bugloss; also, the American puccoon.
Alkargen	Same as Cacodylic acid.
Alkarsin	A spontaneously inflammable liquid, having a repulsive odor, and consisting of cacodyl and its oxidation products; -- called also Cadel's fuming liquid.
Alkazar	See Alcazar.
Alkekengi	An herbaceous plant of the nightshade family (Physalis alkekengi) and its fruit, which is a well flavored berry, the size of a cherry, loosely inclosed in a enlarged leafy calyx; -- also called winter cherry, ground cherry, and strawberry tomato.
Alkermes	A compound cordial, in the form of a confection, deriving its name from the kermes insect, its principal ingredient.
Alkoran	The Mohammedan Scriptures. Same as Alcoran and Koran.
Alkoranic	Same as Alcoranic.
Alkoranist	Same as Alcoranist.
All	The whole quantity, extent, duration, amount, quality, or degree of; the whole; the whole number of; any whatever; every; as, all the wheat; all the land; all the year; all the strength; all happiness; all abundance; loss of all power; beyond all doubt; you will see us all (or all of us).
All	Any.
All	Only; alone; nothing but.
All	Wholly; completely; altogether; entirely; quite; very; as, all bedewed; my friend is all for amusement.
All	Even; just. (Often a mere intensive adjunct.)
All	The whole number, quantity, or amount; the entire thing; everything included or concerned; the aggregate; the whole; totality; everything or every person; as, our all is at stake.
All	Although; albeit.
Alla breve	With one breve, or four minims, to measure, and sung faster like four crotchets; in quick common time; -- indicated in the time signature by /.
Allah	The name of the Supreme Being, in use among the Arabs and the Mohammedans generally.
All-a-mort	See Alamort.
Allanite	A silicate containing a large amount of cerium. It is usually black in color, opaque, and is related to epidote in form and composition.
Allantoic	Pertaining to, or contained in, the allantois.
Allantoid	Alt. of Allantoidal
Allantoidal	Of or pertaining to the allantois.
Allantoidea	The division of Vertebrata in which the embryo develops an allantois. It includes reptiles, birds, and mammals.
Allantoin	A crystalline, transparent, colorless substance found in the allantoic liquid of the fetal calf; -- formerly called allantoic acid and amniotic acid.
Allantois	Alt. of Allantoid
Allantoid	A membranous appendage of the embryos of mammals, birds, and reptiles, -- in mammals serving to connect the fetus with the parent; the urinary vesicle.
Allatrate	To bark as a dog.
Allayed	of Allay
Allaying	of Allay
Allay	To make quiet or put at rest; to pacify or appease; to quell; to calm; as, to allay popular excitement; to allay the tumult of the passions.
Allay	To alleviate; to abate; to mitigate; as, to allay the severity of affliction or the bitterness of adversity.
Allay	To diminish in strength; to abate; to subside.
Allay	Alleviation; abatement; check.
Allay	Alloy.
Allay	To mix (metals); to mix with a baser metal; to alloy; to deteriorate.
Allayer	One who, or that which, allays.
Allayment	An allaying; that which allays; mitigation.
Allecret	A kind of light armor used in the sixteenth century, esp. by the Swiss.
Allect	To allure; to entice.
Allectation	Enticement; allurement.
Allective	Alluring.
Allective	Allurement.
Alledge	See Allege.
Allegation	The act of alleging or positively asserting.
Allegation	That which is alleged, asserted, or declared; positive assertion; formal averment
Allegation	A statement by a party of what he undertakes to prove, -- usually applied to each separate averment; the charge or matter undertaken to be proved.
Alleged	of Allege
Alleging	of Allege
Allege	To bring forward with positiveness; to declare; to affirm; to assert; as, to allege a fact.
Allege	To cite or quote; as, to allege the authority of a judge.
Allege	To produce or urge as a reason, plea, or excuse; as, he refused to lend, alleging a resolution against lending.
Allege	To alleviate; to lighten, as a burden or a trouble.
Allegeable	Capable of being alleged or affirmed.
Allegeance	Allegation.
Allegement	Allegation.
Alleger	One who affirms or declares.
Allegge	See Alegge and Allay.
Allegiance	The tie or obligation, implied or expressed, which a subject owes to his sovereign or government; the duty of fidelity to one's king, government, or state.
Allegiance	Devotion; loyalty; as, allegiance to science.
Allegiant	Loyal.
Allegoric	Alt. of Allegorical
Allegorical	Belonging to, or consisting of, allegory; of the nature of an allegory; describing by resemblances; figurative.
Allegorist	One who allegorizes; a writer of allegory.
Allegorization	The act of turning into allegory, or of understanding in an allegorical sense.
Allegorized	of Allegorize
Allegorizing	of Allegorize
Allegorize	To form or turn into allegory; as, to allegorize the history of a people.
Allegorize	To treat as allegorical; to understand in an allegorical sense; as, when a passage in a writer may understood literally or figuratively, he who gives it a figurative sense is said to allegorize it.
Allegorize	To use allegory.
Allegorizer	One who allegorizes, or turns things into allegory; an allegorist.
Allegories	of Allegory
Allegory	A figurative sentence or discourse, in which the principal subject is described by another subject resembling it in its properties and circumstances. The real subject is thus kept out of view, and we are left to collect the intentions of the writer or speaker by the resemblance of the secondary to the primary subject.
Allegory	Anything which represents by suggestive resemblance; an emblem.
Allegory	A figure representation which has a meaning beyond notion directly conveyed by the object painted or sculptured.
Allegresse	Joy; gladsomeness.
Allegretto	Quicker than andante, but not so quick as allegro.
Allegretto	A movement in this time.
Allegro	Brisk, lively.
Allegro	An allegro movement; a quick, sprightly strain or piece.
Alleluia	Alt. of Alleluiah
Alleluiah	An exclamation signifying Praise ye Jehovah. Hence: A song of praise to God. See Hallelujah, the commoner form.
Allemande	A dance in moderate twofold time, invented by the French in the reign of Louis XIV.; -- now mostly found in suites of pieces, like those of Bach and Handel.
Allemande	A figure in dancing.
Allemannic	See Alemannic.
Allenarly	Solely; only.
Aller	Same as Alder, of all.
Allerion	Am eagle without beak or feet, with expanded wings.
Alleviated	of Alleviate
Alleviating	of Alleviate
Alleviate	To lighten or lessen the force or weight of.
Alleviate	To lighten or lessen (physical or mental troubles); to mitigate, or make easier to be endured; as, to alleviate sorrow, pain, care, etc. ; -- opposed to aggravate.
Alleviate	To extenuate; to palliate.
Alleviation	The act of alleviating; a lightening of weight or severity; mitigation; relief.
Alleviation	That which mitigates, or makes more tolerable.
Alleviative	Tending to alleviate.
Alleviative	That which alleviates.
Alleviator	One who, or that which, alleviates.
Alleviatory	Alleviative.
Alleys	of Alley
Alley	A narrow passage; especially a walk or passage in a garden or park, bordered by rows of trees or bushes; a bordered way.
Alley	A narrow passage or way in a city, as distinct from a public street.
Alley	A passageway between rows of pews in a church.
Alley	Any passage having the entrance represented as wider than the exit, so as to give the appearance of length.
Alley	The space between two rows of compositors' stands in a printing office.
Alleys	of Alley
Alley	A choice taw or marble.
Alleyed	Furnished with alleys; forming an alley.
Alleyway	An alley.
All Fools' Day	The first day of April, a day on which sportive impositions are practiced.
Allfours	A game at cards, called "High, Low, Jack, and the Game."
All fours	All four legs of a quadruped; or the two legs and two arms of a person.
All hail	All health; -- a phrase of salutation or welcome.
All-hail	To salute; to greet.
Allhallond	Allhallows.
Allhallow	Alt. of Allhallows
Allhallows	All the saints (in heaven).
Allhallows	All Saints' Day, November 1st.
Allhallow eve	The evening before Allhallows. See Halloween.
Allhallowmas	The feast of All Saints.
Allhallown	Of or pertaining to the time of Allhallows. [Obs.] "Allhallown summer." Shak. (i. e., late summer; "Indian Summer").
Allhallowtide	The time at or near All Saints, or November 1st.
Allheal	A name popularly given to the officinal valerian, and to some other plants.
Alliable	Able to enter into alliance.
Alliaceous	Of or pertaining to the genus Allium, or garlic, onions, leeks, etc.; having the smell or taste of garlic or onions.
Alliance	The state of being allied; the act of allying or uniting; a union or connection of interests between families, states, parties, etc., especially between families by marriage and states by compact, treaty, or league; as, matrimonial alliances; an alliance between church and state; an alliance between France and England.
Alliance	Any union resembling that of families or states; union by relationship in qualities; affinity.
Alliance	The persons or parties allied.
Alliance	To connect by alliance; to ally.
Alliant	An ally; a confederate.
Allice	Alt. of Allis
Allis	The European shad (Clupea vulgaris); allice shad. See Alose.
Alliciency	Attractive power; attractiveness.
Allicient	That attracts; attracting.
Allicient	That attracts.
Allied	United; joined; leagued; akin; related. See Ally.
Alligate	To tie; to unite by some tie.
Alligation	The act of tying together or attaching by some bond, or the state of being attached.
Alligation	A rule relating to the solution of questions concerning the compounding or mixing of different ingredients, or ingredients of different qualities or values.
Alligator	A large carnivorous reptile of the Crocodile family, peculiar to America. It has a shorter and broader snout than the crocodile, and the large teeth of the lower jaw shut into pits in the upper jaw, which has no marginal notches. Besides the common species of the southern United States, there are allied species in South America.
Alligator	Any machine with strong jaws, one of which opens like the movable jaw of an alligator
Alligator	a form of squeezer for the puddle ball
Alligator	a rock breaker
Alligator	a kind of job press, called also alligator press.
Allignment	See Alignment.
Allineate	To align.
Allineation	Alt. of Alineation
Alineation	Alignment; position in a straight line, as of two planets with the sun.
Allision	The act of dashing against, or striking upon.
Alliteral	Pertaining to, or characterized by alliteration.
Alliterate	To employ or place so as to make alliteration.
Alliterate	To compose alliteratively; also, to constitute alliteration.
Alliteration	The repetition of the same letter at the beginning of two or more words immediately succeeding each other, or at short intervals; as in the following lines: -
Alliterative	Pertaining to, or characterized by, alliteration; as, alliterative poetry.
Alliterator	One who alliterates.
Allium	A genus of plants, including the onion, garlic, leek, chive, etc.
Allmouth	The angler.
Allness	Totality; completeness.
Allnight	Light, fuel, or food for the whole night.
Allocate	To distribute or assign; to allot.
Allocate	To localize.
Allocation	The act of putting one thing to another; a placing; disposition; arrangement.
Allocation	An allotment or apportionment; as, an allocation of shares in a company.
Allocation	The admission of an item in an account, or an allowance made upon an account; -- a term used in the English exchequer.
Allocatur	"Allowed." The word allocatur expresses the allowance of a proceeding, writ, order, etc., by a court, judge, or judicial officer.
Allochroic	Changeable in color.
Allochroite	See Garnet.
Allochroous	Changing color.
Allocution	The act or manner of speaking to, or of addressing in words.
Allocution	An address; a hortatory or authoritative address as of a pope to his clergy.
Allod	See Allodium.
Allodial	Pertaining to allodium; freehold; free of rent or service; held independent of a lord paramount; -- opposed to feudal; as, allodial lands; allodial system.
Allodial	Anything held allodially.
Allodialism	The allodial system.
Allodialist	One who holds allodial land.
Allodially	By allodial tenure.
Allodiary	One who holds an allodium.
Allodium	Freehold estate; land which is the absolute property of the owner; real estate held in absolute independence, without being subject to any rent, service, or acknowledgment to a superior. It is thus opposed to feud.
Allogamous	Characterized by allogamy.
Allogamy	Fertilization of the pistil of a plant by pollen from another of the same species; cross-fertilization.
Allogeneous	Different in nature or kind.
Allograph	A writing or signature made by some person other than any of the parties thereto; -- opposed to autograph.
Allomerism	Variability in chemical constitution without variation in crystalline form.
Allomerous	Characterized by allomerism.
Allomorph	Any one of two or more distinct crystalline forms of the same substance; or the substance having such forms; -- as, carbonate of lime occurs in the allomorphs calcite and aragonite.
Allomorph	A variety of pseudomorph which has undergone partial or complete change or substitution of material; -- thus limonite is frequently an allomorph after pyrite.
Allomorphic	Of or pertaining to allomorphism.
Allomorphism	The property which constitutes an allomorph; the change involved in becoming an allomorph.
Allonge	A thrust or pass; a lunge.
Allonge	A slip of paper attached to a bill of exchange for receiving indorsements, when the back of the bill itself is already full; a rider.
Allonge	To thrust with a sword; to lunge.
Allonym	The name of another person assumed by the author of a work.
Allonym	A work published under the name of some one other than the author.
Allonymous	Published under the name of some one other than the author.
Alloo	To incite dogs by a call; to halloo.
Allopath	An allopathist.
Allopathic	Of or pertaining to allopathy.
Allopathically	In a manner conformable to allopathy; by allopathic methods.
Allopathist	One who practices allopathy; one who professes allopathy.
Allopathy	That system of medical practice which aims to combat disease by the use of remedies which produce effects different from those produced by the special disease treated; -- a term invented by Hahnemann to designate the ordinary practice, as opposed to homeopathy.
Allophylic	Alt. of Allophylian
Allophylian	Pertaining to a race or a language neither Aryan nor Semitic.
Alloquy	A speaking to another; an address.
Allotted	of Allot
Allotting	of Allot
Allot	To distribute by lot.
Allot	To distribute, or parcel out in parts or portions; or to distribute to each individual concerned; to assign as a share or lot; to set apart as one's share; to bestow on; to grant; to appoint; as, let every man be contented with that which Providence allots him.
Allotheism	The worship of strange gods.
Allotment	The act of allotting; assignment.
Allotment	That which is allotted; a share, part, or portion granted or distributed; that which is assigned by lot, or by the act of God; anything set apart for a special use or to a distinct party.
Allotment	The allowance of a specific amount of scrip or of a particular thing to a particular person.
Allotriophagy	A depraved appetite; a desire for improper food.
Allotropic	Alt. of Allotropical
Allotropical	Of or pertaining to allotropism.
Allotropicity	Allotropic property or nature.
Allotropism	Alt. of Allotropy
Allotropy	The property of existing in two or more conditions which are distinct in their physical or chemical relations.
Allotropize	To change in physical properties but not in substance.
Allottable	Capable of being allotted.
Allottee	One to whom anything is allotted; one to whom an allotment is made.
Allotter	One who allots.
Allottery	Allotment.
Allowed	of Allow
Allowing	of Allow
Allow	To praise; to approve of; hence, to sanction.
Allow	To like; to be suited or pleased with.
Allow	To sanction; to invest; to intrust.
Allow	To grant, give, admit, accord, afford, or yield; to let one have; as, to allow a servant his liberty; to allow a free passage; to allow one day for rest.
Allow	To own or acknowledge; to accept as true; to concede; to accede to an opinion; as, to allow a right; to allow a claim; to allow the truth of a proposition.
Allow	To grant (something) as a deduction or an addition; esp. to abate or deduct; as, to allow a sum for leakage.
Allow	To grant license to; to permit; to consent to; as, to allow a son to be absent.
Allow	To admit; to concede; to make allowance or abatement.
Allowable	Praiseworthy; laudable.
Allowable	Proper to be, or capable of being, allowed; permissible; admissible; not forbidden; not unlawful or improper; as, a certain degree of freedom is allowable among friends.
Allowableness	The quality of being allowable; permissibleness; lawfulness; exemption from prohibition or impropriety.
Allowably	In an allowable manner.
Allowance	Approval; approbation.
Allowance	The act of allowing, granting, conceding, or admitting; authorization; permission; sanction; tolerance.
Allowance	Acknowledgment.
Allowance	License; indulgence.
Allowance	That which is allowed; a share or portion allotted or granted; a sum granted as a reimbursement, a bounty, or as appropriate for any purpose; a stated quantity, as of food or drink; hence, a limited quantity of meat and drink, when provisions fall short.
Allowance	Abatement; deduction; the taking into account of mitigating circumstances; as, to make allowance for the inexperience of youth.
Allowance	A customary deduction from the gross weight of goods, different in different countries, such as tare and tret.
Allowancing	of Allowance
Allowance	To put upon a fixed allowance (esp. of provisions and drink); to supply in a fixed and limited quantity; as, the captain was obliged to allowance his crew; our provisions were allowanced.
Allowedly	By allowance; admittedly.
Allower	An approver or abettor.
Allower	One who allows or permits.
Alloxan	An oxidation product of uric acid. It is of a pale reddish color, readily soluble in water or alcohol.
Alloxanate	A combination of alloxanic acid and a base or base or positive radical.
Alloxanic	Of or pertaining to alloxan; -- applied to an acid obtained by the action of soluble alkalies on alloxan.
Alloxantin	A substance produced by acting upon uric with warm and very dilute nitric acid.
Alloy	Any combination or compound of metals fused together; a mixture of metals; for example, brass, which is an alloy of copper and zinc. But when mercury is one of the metals, the compound is called an amalgam.
Alloy	The quality, or comparative purity, of gold or silver; fineness.
Alloy	A baser metal mixed with a finer.
Alloy	Admixture of anything which lessens the value or detracts from; as, no happiness is without alloy.
Alloyed	of Alloy
Alloying	of Alloy
Alloy	To reduce the purity of by mixing with a less valuable substance; as, to alloy gold with silver or copper, or silver with copper.
Alloy	To mix, as metals, so as to form a compound.
Alloy	To abate, impair, or debase by mixture; to allay; as, to alloy pleasure with misfortunes.
Alloy	To form a metallic compound.
Alloyage	The act or art of alloying metals; also, the combination or alloy.
All-possessed	Controlled by an evil spirit or by evil passions; wild.
All Saints	Alt. of All Saints'
All Saints'	The first day of November, called, also, Allhallows or Hallowmas; a feast day kept in honor of all the saints; also, the season of this festival.
All Souls' Day	The second day of November; a feast day of the Roman Catholic church, on which supplications are made for the souls of the faithful dead.
Allspice	The berry of the pimento (Eugenia pimenta), a tree of the West Indies; a spice of a mildly pungent taste, and agreeably aromatic; Jamaica pepper; pimento. It has been supposed to combine the flavor of cinnamon, nutmegs, and cloves; and hence the name. The name is also given to other aromatic shrubs; as, the Carolina allspice (Calycanthus floridus); wild allspice (Lindera benzoin), called also spicebush, spicewood, and feverbush.
Allthing	Altogether.
Alluded	of Allude
Alluding	of Allude
Allude	To refer to something indirectly or by suggestion; to have reference to a subject not specifically and plainly mentioned; -- followed by to; as, the story alludes to a recent transaction.
Allude	To compare allusively; to refer (something) as applicable.
Allumette	A match for lighting candles, lamps, etc.
Alluminor	An illuminator of manuscripts and books; a limner.
Allurance	Allurement.
Alluded	of Allure
Alluring	of Allure
Allure	To attempt to draw; to tempt by a lure or bait, that is, by the offer of some good, real or apparent; to invite by something flattering or acceptable; to entice; to attract.
Allure	Allurement.
Allure	Gait; bearing.
Allurement	The act alluring; temptation; enticement.
Allurement	That which allures; any real or apparent good held forth, or operating, as a motive to action; as, the allurements of pleasure, or of honor.
Allurer	One who, or that which, allures.
Alluring	That allures; attracting; charming; tempting.
Allusion	A figurative or symbolical reference.
Allusion	A reference to something supposed to be known, but not explicitly mentioned; a covert indication; indirect reference; a hint.
Allusive	Figurative; symbolical.
Allusive	Having reference to something not fully expressed; containing an allusion.
Allusively	Figuratively [Obs.]; by way of allusion; by implication, suggestion, or insinuation.
Allusiveness	The quality of being allusive.
Allusory	Allusive.
Alluvial	Pertaining to, contained in, or composed of, alluvium; relating to the deposits made by flowing water; washed away from one place and deposited in another; as, alluvial soil, mud, accumulations, deposits.
Alluvion	Wash or flow of water against the shore or bank.
Alluvion	An overflowing; an inundation; a flood.
Alluvion	Matter deposited by an inundation or the action of flowing water; alluvium.
Alluvion	An accession of land gradually washed to the shore or bank by the flowing of water. See Accretion.
Alluvious	Alluvial.
Alluviums	of Alluvium
Alluvia	of Alluvium
Alluvium	Deposits of earth, sand, gravel, and other transported matter, made by rivers, floods, or other causes, upon land not permanently submerged beneath the waters of lakes or seas.
Allwhere	Everywhere.
Allwork	Domestic or other work of all kinds; as, a maid of allwork, that is, a general servant.
Allied	of Ally
Allying	of Ally
Ally	To unite, or form a connection between, as between families by marriage, or between princes and states by treaty, league, or confederacy; -- often followed by to or with.
Ally	To connect or form a relation between by similitude, resemblance, friendship, or love.
Allies	of Ally
Ally	A relative; a kinsman.
Ally	One united to another by treaty or league; -- usually applied to sovereigns or states; a confederate.
Ally	Anything associated with another as a helper; an auxiliary.
Ally	Anything akin to another by structure, etc.
Ally	See Alley, a marble or taw.
Allyl	An organic radical, C3H5, existing especially in oils of garlic and mustard.
Allylene	A gaseous hydrocarbon, C3H4, homologous with acetylene; propine.
Alma	Alt. of Almah
Almah	Same as Alme.
Almacantar	Same as Almucantar.
Almacantar	A recently invented instrument for observing the heavenly bodies as they cross a given almacantar circle. See Almucantar.
Almadia	Alt. of Almadie
Almadie	A bark canoe used by the Africans.
Almadie	A boat used at Calicut, in India, about eighty feet long, and six or seven broad.
Almagest	The celebrated work of Ptolemy of Alexandria, which contains nearly all that is known of the astronomical observations and theories of the ancients. The name was extended to other similar works.
Almagra	A fine, deep red ocher, somewhat purplish, found in Spain. It is the sil atticum of the ancients. Under the name of Indian red it is used for polishing glass and silver.
Almain	Alt. of Alman
Almayne	Alt. of Alman
Alman	A German.
Alman	German.
Alman	The German language.
Alman	A kind of dance. See Allemande.
Alma Mater	A college or seminary where one is educated.
Almanac	A book or table, containing a calendar of days, and months, to which astronomical data and various statistics are often added, such as the times of the rising and setting of the sun and moon, eclipses, hours of full tide, stated festivals of churches, terms of courts, etc.
Almandine	The common red variety of garnet.
Alme	Alt. of Almeh
Almeh	An Egyptian dancing girl; an Alma.
Almendron	The lofty Brazil-nut tree.
Almery	See Ambry.
Almesse	See Alms.
Almightful	Alt. of Almightiful
Almightiful	All-powerful; almighty.
Almightily	With almighty power.
Almightiness	Omnipotence; infinite or boundless power; unlimited might.
Almighty	Unlimited in might; omnipotent; all-powerful; irresistible.
Almighty	Great; extreme; terrible.
Almner	An almoner.
Almond	The fruit of the almond tree.
Almond	The tree that bears the fruit; almond tree.
Almond	Anything shaped like an almond.
Almond	One of the tonsils.
Almond furnace	A kind of furnace used in refining, to separate the metal from cinders and other foreign matter.
Almondine	See Almandine
Almoner	One who distributes alms, esp. the doles and alms of religious houses, almshouses, etc.; also, one who dispenses alms for another, as the almoner of a prince, bishop, etc.
Almonership	The office of an almoner.
Almonries	of Almonry
Almonry	The place where an almoner resides, or where alms are distributed.
Almose	Alms.
Almost	Nearly; well nigh; all but; for the greatest part.
Almry	See Almonry.
Alms	Anything given gratuitously to relieve the poor, as money, food, or clothing; a gift of charity.
Almsdeed	An act of charity.
Almsfolk	Persons supported by alms; almsmen.
Almsgiver	A giver of alms.
Almsgiving	The giving of alms.
Almshouse	A house appropriated for the use of the poor; a poorhouse.
Almsman	A recipient of alms.
Almsman	A giver of alms.
Almucantar	A small circle of the sphere parallel to the horizon; a circle or parallel of altitude. Two stars which have the same almucantar have the same altitude. See Almacantar.
Almuce	Same as Amice, a hood or cape.
Almude	A measure for liquids in several countries. In Portugal the Lisbon almude is about 4.4, and the Oporto almude about 6.6, gallons U. S. measure. In Turkey the "almud" is about 1.4 gallons.
Almug	Alt. of Algum
Algum	A tree or wood of the Bible (2 Chron. ii. 8; 1 K. x. 11).
Alnage	Measurement (of cloth) by the ell; also, a duty for such measurement.
Alnager	A measure by the ell; formerly a sworn officer in England, whose duty was to inspect and measure woolen cloth, and fix upon it a seal.
Aloes	of Aloe
Aloe	The wood of the agalloch.
Aloe	A genus of succulent plants, some classed as trees, others as shrubs, but the greater number having the habit and appearance of evergreen herbaceous plants; from some of which are prepared articles for medicine and the arts. They are natives of warm countries.
Aloe	The inspissated juice of several species of aloe, used as a purgative.
Aloes wood	See Agalloch.
Aloetic	Consisting chiefly of aloes; of the nature of aloes.
Aloetic	A medicine containing chiefly aloes.
Aloft	On high; in the air; high above the ground.
Aloft	In the top; at the mast head, or on the higher yards or rigging; overhead; hence (Fig. and Colloq.), in or to heaven.
Aloft	Above; on top of.
Alogian	One of an ancient sect who rejected St. John's Gospel and the Apocalypse, which speak of Christ as the Logos.
Alogy	Unreasonableness; absurdity.
Aloin	A bitter purgative principle in aloes.
Alomancy	Divination by means of salt.
Alone	Quite by one's self; apart from, or exclusive of, others; single; solitary; -- applied to a person or thing.
Alone	Of or by itself; by themselves; without any thing more or any one else; without a sharer; only.
Alone	Sole; only; exclusive.
Alone	Hence; Unique; rare; matchless.
Alone	Solely; simply; exclusively.
Alonely	Only; merely; singly.
Alonely	Exclusive.
Aloneness	A state of being alone, or without company; solitariness.
Along	By the length; in a line with the length; lengthwise.
Along	In a line, or with a progressive motion; onward; forward.
Along	In company; together.
Along	By the length of, as distinguished from across.
Along	(Now heard only in the prep. phrase along of.)
Alongshore	Along the shore or coast.
Alongshoreman	See Longshoreman.
Alongside	Along or by the side; side by side with; -- often with of; as, bring the boat alongside; alongside of him; alongside of the tree.
Alongst	Along.
Aloof	Same as Alewife.
Aloof	At or from a distance, but within view, or at a small distance; apart; away.
Aloof	Without sympathy; unfavorably.
Aloof	Away from; clear from.
Aloofness	State of being aloof.
Alopecia	Alt. of Alopecy
Alopecy	Loss of the hair; baldness.
Alopecist	A practitioner who tries to prevent or cure baldness.
Alose	To praise.
Alose	The European shad (Clupea alosa); -- called also allice shad or allis shad. The name is sometimes applied to the American shad (Clupea sapidissima). See Shad.
Alouatte	One of the several species of howling monkeys of South America. See Howler, 2.
Aloud	With a loud voice, or great noise; loudly; audibly.
Alow	Below; in a lower part.
Alp	A very high mountain. Specifically, in the plural, the highest chain of mountains in Europe, containing the lofty mountains of Switzerland, etc.
Alp	Fig.: Something lofty, or massive, or very hard to be surmounted.
Alp	A bullfinch.
Alpaca	An animal of Peru (Lama paco), having long, fine, wooly hair, supposed by some to be a domesticated variety of the llama.
Alpaca	Wool of the alpaca.
Alpaca	A thin kind of cloth made of the wooly hair of the alpaca, often mixed with silk or with cotton.
Alpen	Of or pertaining to the Alps.
Alpenstock	A long staff, pointed with iron, used in climbing the Alps.
Alpestrine	Pertaining to the Alps, or other high mountains; as, Alpestrine diseases, etc.
Alpha	The first letter in the Greek alphabet, answering to A, and hence used to denote the beginning.
Alphabet	The letters of a language arranged in the customary order; the series of letters or signs which form the elements of written language.
Alphabet	The simplest rudiments; elements.
Alphabet	To designate by the letters of the alphabet; to arrange alphabetically.
Alphabetarian	A learner of the alphabet; an abecedarian.
Alphabetic	Alt. of Alphabetical
Alphabetical	Pertaining to, furnished with, expressed by, or in the order of, the letters of the alphabet; as, alphabetic characters, writing, languages, arrangement.
Alphabetical	Literal.
Alphabetically	In an alphabetic manner; in the customary order of the letters.
Alphabetics	The science of representing spoken sounds by letters.
Alphabetism	The expression of spoken sounds by an alphabet.
Alphabetize	To arrange alphabetically; as, to alphabetize a list of words.
Alphabetize	To furnish with an alphabet.
Al-phitomancy	Divination by means of barley meal.
Alphonsine	Of or relating to Alphonso X., the Wise, King of Castile (1252-1284).
Alpigene	Growing in Alpine regions.
Alpine	Of or pertaining to the Alps, or to any lofty mountain; as, Alpine snows; Alpine plants.
Alpine	Like the Alps; lofty.
Alpinist	A climber of the Alps.
Alpist	Alt. of Alpia
Alpia	The seed of canary grass (Phalaris Canariensis), used for feeding cage birds.
Alquifou	A lead ore found in Cornwall, England, and used by potters to give a green glaze to their wares; potter's ore.
Already	Prior to some specified time, either past, present, or future; by this time; previously.
Als	Also.
Als	As.
Alsatian	Pertaining to Alsatia.
Alsatian	An inhabitant of Alsatia or Alsace in Germany, or of Alsatia or White Friars (a resort of debtors and criminals) in London.
Al segno	A direction for the performer to return and recommence from the sign /.
Alsike	A species of clover with pinkish or white flowers; Trifolium hybridum.
Also	In like manner; likewise.
Also	In addition; besides; as well; further; too.
Also	Even as; as; so.
Alt	The higher part of the scale. See Alto.
Altaian	Alt. of Altaic
Altaic	Of or pertaining to the Altai, a mountain chain in Central Asia.
Altar	A raised structure (as a square or oblong erection of stone or wood) on which sacrifices are offered or incense burned to a deity.
Altar	In the Christian church, a construction of stone, wood, or other material for the celebration of the Holy Eucharist; the communion table.
Altarage	The offerings made upon the altar, or to a church.
Altarage	The profit which accrues to the priest, by reason of the altar, from the small tithes.
Altarist	A chaplain.
Altarist	A vicar of a church.
Altarpiece	The painting or piece of sculpture above and behind the altar; reredos.
Altarwise	In the proper position of an altar, that is, at the east of a church with its ends towards the north and south.
Altazimuth	An instrument for taking azimuths and altitudes simultaneously.
Altered	of Alter
Altering	of Alter
Alter	To make otherwise; to change in some respect, either partially or wholly; to vary; to modify.
Alter	To agitate; to affect mentally.
Alter	To geld.
Alter	To become, in some respects, different; to vary; to change; as, the weather alters almost daily; rocks or minerals alter by exposure.
Alterability	The quality of being alterable; alterableness.
Alterable	Capable of being altered.
Alterableness	The quality of being alterable; variableness; alterability.
Alterably	In an alterable manner.
Alterant	Altering; gradually changing.
Alterant	An alterative.
Alteration	The act of altering or making different.
Alteration	The state of being altered; a change made in the form or nature of a thing; changed condition.
Alterative	Causing ateration.
Alterative	Gradually changing, or tending to change, a morbid state of the functions into one of health.
Alterative	A medicine or treatment which gradually induces a change, and restores healthy functions without sensible evacuations.
Altercated	of Altercate
Altercating	of Altercate
Altercate	To contend in words; to dispute with zeal, heat, or anger; to wrangle.
Altercation	Warm contention in words; dispute carried on with heat or anger; controversy; wrangle; wordy contest.
Altercative	Characterized by wrangling; scolding.
Alterity	The state or quality of being other; a being otherwise.
Altern	Acting by turns; alternate.
Alternacy	Alternateness; alternation.
Alternant	Composed of alternate layers, as some rocks.
Alternate	Being or succeeding by turns; one following the other in succession of time or place; by turns first one and then the other; hence, reciprocal.
Alternate	Designating the members in a series, which regularly intervene between the members of another series, as the odd or even numbers of the numerals; every other; every second; as, the alternate members 1, 3, 5, 7, etc. ; read every alternate line.
Alternate	Distributed, as leaves, singly at different heights of the stem, and at equal intervals as respects angular divergence.
Alternate	That which alternates with something else; vicissitude.
Alternate	A substitute; one designated to take the place of another, if necessary, in performing some duty.
Alternate	A proportion derived from another proportion by interchanging the means.
Alternated	of Alternate
Alternating	of Alternate
Alternate	To perform by turns, or in succession; to cause to succeed by turns; to interchange regularly.
Alternate	To happen, succeed, or act by turns; to follow reciprocally in place or time; -- followed by with; as, the flood and ebb tides alternate with each other.
Alternate	To vary by turns; as, the land alternates between rocky hills and sandy plains.
Alternately	In reciprocal succession; succeeding by turns; in alternate order.
Alternately	By alternation; when, in a proportion, the antecedent term is compared with antecedent, and consequent.
Alternateness	The quality of being alternate, or of following by turns.
Alternation	The reciprocal succession of things in time or place; the act of following and being followed by turns; alternate succession, performance, or occurrence; as, the alternation of day and night, cold and heat, summer and winter, hope and fear.
Alternation	Permutation.
Alternation	The response of the congregation speaking alternately with the minister.
Alternative	Offering a choice of two things.
Alternative	Disjunctive; as, an alternative conjunction.
Alternative	Alternate; reciprocal.
Alternative	An offer of two things, one of which may be chosen, but not both; a choice between two things, so that if one is taken, the other must be left.
Alternative	Either of two things or propositions offered to one's choice. Thus when two things offer a choice of one only, the two things are called alternatives.
Alternative	The course of action or the thing offered in place of another.
Alternative	A choice between more than two things; one of several things offered to choose among.
Alternatively	In the manner of alternatives, or that admits the choice of one out of two things.
Alternativeness	The quality of being alternative, or of offering a choice between two.
Alternity	Succession by turns; alternation.
Althaea	Alt. of Althea
Althea	A genus of plants of the Mallow family. It includes the officinal marsh mallow, and the garden hollyhocks.
Althea	An ornamental shrub (Hibiscus Syriacus) of the Mallow family.
Altheine	Asparagine.
Altho	Although.
Althorn	An instrument of the saxhorn family, used exclusively in military music, often replacing the French horn.
Although	Grant all this; be it that; supposing that; notwithstanding; though.
Altiloquence	Lofty speech; pompous language.
Altiloquent	High-sounding; pompous in speech.
Altimeter	An instrument for taking altitudes, as a quadrant, sextant, etc.
Altimetry	The art of measuring altitudes, or heights.
Altincar	See Tincal.
Altiscope	An arrangement of lenses and mirrors which enables a person to see an object in spite of intervening objects.
Altisonant	High-sounding; lofty or pompous.
Altisonous	Altisonant.
Altissimo	The part or notes situated above F in alt.
Altitude	Space extended upward; height; the perpendicular elevation of an object above its foundation, above the ground, or above a given level, or of one object above another; as, the altitude of a mountain, or of a bird above the top of a tree.
Altitude	The elevation of a point, or star, or other celestial object, above the horizon, measured by the arc of a vertical circle intercepted between such point and the horizon. It is either true or apparent; true when measured from the rational or real horizon, apparent when from the sensible or apparent horizon.
Altitude	The perpendicular distance from the base of a figure to the summit, or to the side parallel to the base; as, the altitude of a triangle, pyramid, parallelogram, frustum, etc.
Altitude	Height of degree; highest point or degree.
Altitude	Height of rank or excellence; superiority.
Altitude	Elevation of spirits; heroics; haughty airs.
Altitudinal	Of or pertaining to height; as, altitudinal measurements.
Altitudinarian	Lofty in doctrine, aims, etc.
Altivolant	Flying high.
Altos	of Alto
Alto	Formerly the part sung by the highest male, or counter-tenor, voices; now the part sung by the lowest female, or contralto, voices, between in tenor and soprano. In instrumental music it now signifies the tenor.
Alto	An alto singer.
Altogether	All together; conjointly.
Altogether	Without exception; wholly; completely.
Altometer	A theodolite.
Alto-relievo	Alto-rilievo.
Alto-rilievos	of Alto-rilievo
Alto-rilievo	High relief; sculptured work in which the figures project more than half their thickness; as, this figure is an alto-rilievo or in alto-rilievo.
Altrical	Like the articles.
Altrices	Nursers, -- a term applied to those birds whose young are hatched in a very immature and helpless condition, so as to require the care of their parents for some time; -- opposed to praecoces.
Altruism	Regard for others, both natural and moral; devotion to the interests of others; brotherly kindness; -- opposed to egoism or selfishness.
Altruist	One imbued with altruism; -- opposed to egoist.
Altruistic	Regardful of others; beneficent; unselfish; -- opposed to egoistic or selfish.
Aludel	One of the pear-shaped pots open at both ends, and so formed as to be fitted together, the neck of one into the bottom of another in succession; -- used in the process of sublimation.
Alula	A false or bastard wing. See under Bastard.
Alular	Pertaining to the alula.
Alum	A double sulphate formed of aluminium and some other element (esp. an alkali metal) or of aluminium. It has twenty-four molecules of water of crystallization.
Alum	To steep in, or otherwise impregnate with, a solution of alum; to treat with alum.
Alumen	Alum.
Alumina	One of the earths, consisting of two parts of aluminium and three of oxygen, Al2O3.
Aluminate	A compound formed from the hydrate of aluminium by the substitution of a metal for the hydrogen.
Aluminated	Combined with alumina.
Alumine	Alumina.
Aluminic	Of or containing aluminium; as, aluminic phosphate.
Aluminiferous	Containing alum.
Aluminiform	Having the form of alumina.
Aluminium	The metallic base of alumina. This metal is white, but with a bluish tinge, and is remarkable for its resistance to oxidation, and for its lightness, having a specific gravity of about 2.6. Atomic weight 27.08. Symbol Al.
Aluminize	To treat or impregnate with alum; to alum.
Aluminous	Pertaining to or containing alum, or alumina; as, aluminous minerals, aluminous solution.
Aluminum	See Aluminium.
Alumish	Somewhat like alum.
Alumnae	of Alumna
Alumna	A female pupil; especially, a graduate of a school or college.
Alumni	of Alumnus
Alumnus	A pupil; especially, a graduate of a college or other seminary of learning.
Alum root	A North American herb (Heuchera Americana) of the Saxifrage family, whose root has astringent properties.
Alum schist	Alt. of Alum shale
Alum shale	A variety of shale or clay slate, containing iron pyrites, the decomposition of which leads to the formation of alum, which often effloresces on the rock.
Alum stone	A subsulphate of alumina and potash; alunite.
Alunite	Alum stone.
Alunogen	A white fibrous mineral frequently found on the walls of mines and quarries, chiefly hydrous sulphate of alumina; -- also called feather alum, and hair salt.
Alure	A walk or passage; -- applied to passages of various kinds.
Alutaceous	Leathery.
Alutaceous	Of a pale brown color; leather-yellow.
Alutation	The tanning or dressing of leather.
Alvearies	of Alveary
Alveary	A beehive, or something resembling a beehive.
Alveary	The hollow of the external ear.
Alveated	Formed or vaulted like a beehive.
Alveolar	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, alveoli or little cells, sacs, or sockets.
Alveolary	Alveolar.
Alveolate	Deeply pitted, like a honeycomb.
Alveole	Same as Alveolus.
Alveoliform	Having the form of alveoli, or little sockets, cells, or cavities.
Alveoli	of Alveolus
Alveolus	A cell in a honeycomb.
Alveolus	A small cavity in a coral, shell, or fossil
Alveolus	A small depression, sac, or vesicle, as the socket of a tooth, the air cells of the lungs, the ultimate saccules of glands, etc.
Alvei	of Alveus
Alveus	The channel of a river.
Alvine	Of, from, in, or pertaining to, the belly or the intestines; as, alvine discharges; alvine concretions.
Alway	Always.
Always	At all times; ever; perpetually; throughout all time; continually; as, God is always the same.
Always	Constancy during a certain period, or regularly at stated intervals; invariably; uniformly; -- opposed to sometimes or occasionally.
Alyssum	A genus of cruciferous plants; madwort. The sweet alyssum (A. maritimum), cultivated for bouquets, bears small, white, sweet-scented flowers.
Am	The first person singular of the verb be, in the indicative mode, present tense. See Be.
Amability	Lovableness.
Amacratic	Amasthenic.
Amadavat	The strawberry finch, a small Indian song bird (Estrelda amandava), commonly caged and kept for fighting. The female is olive brown; the male, in summer, mostly crimson; -- called also red waxbill.
Amadou	A spongy, combustible substance, prepared from fungus (Boletus and Polyporus) which grows on old trees; German tinder; punk. It has been employed as a styptic by surgeons, but its common use is as tinder, for which purpose it is prepared by soaking it in a strong solution of niter.
Amain	With might; with full force; vigorously; violently; exceedingly.
Amain	At full speed; in great haste; also, at once.
Amain	To lower, as a sail, a yard, etc.
Amain	To lower the topsail, in token of surrender; to yield.
Amalgam	An alloy of mercury with another metal or metals; as, an amalgam of tin, bismuth, etc.
Amalgam	A mixture or compound of different things.
Amalgam	A native compound of mercury and silver.
Amalgam	To amalgamate.
Amalgama	Same as Amalgam.
Amalgamated	of Amalgamate
Amalgamating	of Amalgamate
Amalgamate	To compound or mix, as quicksilver, with another metal; to unite, combine, or alloy with mercury.
Amalgamate	To mix, so as to make a uniform compound; to unite or combine; as, to amalgamate two races; to amalgamate one race with another.
Amalgamate	To unite in an amalgam; to blend with another metal, as quicksilver.
Amalgamate	To coalesce, as a result of growth; to combine into a uniform whole; to blend; as, two organs or parts amalgamate.
Amalgamate	Alt. of Amalgamated
Amalgamated	Coalesced; united; combined.
Amalgamation	The act or operation of compounding mercury with another metal; -- applied particularly to the process of separating gold and silver from their ores by mixing them with mercury.
Amalgamation	The mixing or blending of different elements, races, societies, etc.; also, the result of such combination or blending; a homogeneous union.
Amalgamative	Characterized by amalgamation.
Amalgamator	One who, or that which, amalgamates. Specifically: A machine for separating precious metals from earthy particles by bringing them in contact with a body of mercury with which they form an amalgam.
Amalgamize	To amalgamate.
Amandine	The vegetable casein of almonds.
Amandine	A kind of cold cream prepared from almonds, for chapped hands, etc.
Amanitine	The poisonous principle of some fungi.
Amanuenses	of Amanuensis
Amanuensis	A person whose employment is to write what another dictates, or to copy what another has written.
Amaracus	A fragrant flower.
Amarant	Amaranth, 1.
Amarantaceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, the family of plants of which the amaranth is the type.
Amaranth	An imaginary flower supposed never to fade.
Amaranth	A genus of ornamental annual plants (Amaranthus) of many species, with green, purplish, or crimson flowers.
Amaranth	A color inclining to purple.
Amaranthine	Of or pertaining to amaranth.
Amaranthine	Unfading, as the poetic amaranth; undying.
Amaranthine	Of a purplish color.
Amaranthus	Alt. of Amarantus
Amarantus	Same as Amaranth.
Amarine	A characteristic crystalline substance, obtained from oil of bitter almonds.
Amaritude	Bitterness.
Amaryllidaceous	Alt. of Amaryllideous
Amaryllideous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, an order of plants differing from the lily family chiefly in having the ovary below the /etals. The narcissus and daffodil are members of this family.
Amaryllis	A pastoral sweetheart.
Amaryllis	A family of plants much esteemed for their beauty, including the narcissus, jonquil, daffodil, agave, and others.
Amaryllis	A genus of the same family, including the Belladonna lily.
Amassed	of Amass
Amassing	of Amass
Amass	To collect into a mass or heap; to gather a great quantity of; to accumulate; as, to amass a treasure or a fortune; to amass words or phrases.
Amass	A mass; a heap.
Amassable	Capable of being amassed.
Amasser	One who amasses.
Amassette	An instrument of horn used for collecting painters' colors on the stone in the process of grinding.
Amassment	An amassing; a heap collected; a large quantity or number brought together; an accumulation.
Amasthenic	Uniting the chemical rays of light into one focus, as a certain kind of lens; amacratic.
Amate	To dismay; to dishearten; to daunt.
Amate	To be a mate to; to match.
Amateur	A person attached to a particular pursuit, study, or science as to music or painting; esp. one who cultivates any study or art, from taste or attachment, without pursuing it professionally.
Amateurish	In the style of an amateur; superficial or defective like the work of an amateur.
Amateurism	The practice, habit, or work of an amateur.
Amateurship	The quality or character of an amateur.
Amative	Full of love; amatory.
Amativeness	The faculty supposed to influence sexual desire; propensity to love.
Amatorial	Of or pertaining to a lover or to love making; amatory; as, amatorial verses.
Amatorially	In an amatorial manner.
Amatorian	Amatory.
Amatorious	Amatory.
Amatory	Pertaining to, producing, or expressing, sexual love; as, amatory potions.
Amaurosis	A loss or decay of sight, from loss of power in the optic nerve, without any perceptible external change in the eye; -- called also gutta serena, the "drop serene" of Milton.
Amaurotic	Affected with amaurosis; having the characteristics of amaurosis.
Amazed	of Amaze
Amazing	of Amaze
Amaze	To bewilder; to stupefy; to bring into a maze.
Amaze	To confound, as by fear, wonder, extreme surprise; to overwhelm with wonder; to astound; to astonish greatly.
Amaze	To be astounded.
Amaze	Bewilderment, arising from fear, surprise, or wonder; amazement.
Amazedly	In amazement; with confusion or astonishment.
Amazedness	The state of being amazed, or confounded with fear, surprise, or wonder.
Amazeful	Full of amazement.
Amazement	The condition of being amazed; bewilderment [Obs.]; overwhelming wonder, as from surprise, sudden fear, horror, or admiration.
Amazement	Frenzy; madness.
Amazing	Causing amazement; very wonderful; as, amazing grace.
Amazon	One of a fabulous race of female warriors in Scythia; hence, a female warrior.
Amazon	A tall, strong, masculine woman; a virago.
Amazon	A name numerous species of South American parrots of the genus Chrysotis
Amazonian	Pertaining to or resembling an Amazon; of masculine manners; warlike.
Amazonian	Of or pertaining to the river Amazon in South America, or to its valley.
Amazonite	Alt. of Amazon stone
Amazon stone	A variety of feldspar, having a verdigris-green color.
Amb-	Alt. of Ambi-
Ambi-	A prefix meaning about, around; -- used in words derived from the Latin.
Ambages	A circuit; a winding. Hence: Circuitous way or proceeding; quibble; circumlocution; indirect mode of speech.
Ambaginous	Ambagious.
Ambagious	Circumlocutory; circuitous.
Ambagitory	Ambagious.
Ambassade	Alt. of Embassade
Embassade	The mission of an ambassador.
Embassade	An embassy.
Ambassador	Alt. of Embassador
Embassador	A minister of the highest rank sent to a foreign court to represent there his sovereign or country.
Embassador	An official messenger and representative.
Ambassadorial	Of or pertaining to an ambassador.
Ambassadorship	The state, office, or functions of an ambassador.
Ambassadress	A female ambassador; also, the wife of an ambassador.
Ambassage	Same as Embassage.
Ambassy	See Embassy, the usual spelling.
Amber	A yellowish translucent resin resembling copal, found as a fossil in alluvial soils, with beds of lignite, or on the seashore in many places. It takes a fine polish, and is used for pipe mouthpieces, beads, etc., and as a basis for a fine varnish. By friction, it becomes strongly electric.
Amber	Amber color, or anything amber-colored; a clear light yellow; as, the amber of the sky.
Amber	Ambergris.
Amber	The balsam, liquidambar.
Amber	Consisting of amber; made of amber.
Amber	Resembling amber, especially in color; amber-colored.
Ambered	of Amber
Amber	To scent or flavor with ambergris; as, ambered wine.
Amber	To preserve in amber; as, an ambered fly.
Amber fish	A fish of the southern Atlantic coast (Seriola Carolinensis.)
Ambergrease	See Ambergris.
Ambergris	A substance of the consistence of wax, found floating in the Indian Ocean and other parts of the tropics, and also as a morbid secretion in the intestines of the sperm whale (Physeter macrocephalus), which is believed to be in all cases its true origin. In color it is white, ash-gray, yellow, or black, and often variegated like marble. The floating masses are sometimes from sixty to two hundred and twenty-five pounds in weight. It is wholly volatilized as a white vapor at 212 Fahrenheit, and is highly valued in perfumery.
Amber room	A room formerly in the Czar's Summer Palace in Russia, which was richly decorated with walls and fixtures made from amber.  The amber was removed by occupying German troops during the Second World War and has, as of 1997, never been recovered.  The room is being recreated from old photographs by Russian artisans.
Amber seed	Seed of the Hibiscus abelmoschus, somewhat resembling millet, brought from Egypt and the West Indies, and having a flavor like that of musk; musk seed.
Amber tree	A species of Anthospermum, a shrub with evergreen leaves, which, when bruised, emit a fragrant odor.
Ambes-as	Ambs-ace.
Ambidexter	Using both hands with equal ease.
Ambidexter	A person who uses both hands with equal facility.
Ambidexter	A double-dealer; one equally ready to act on either side in party disputes.
Ambidexter	A juror who takes money from both parties for giving his verdict.
Ambidexterity	The quality of being ambidextrous; the faculty of using both hands with equal facility.
Ambidexterity	Versatility; general readiness; as, ambidexterity of argumentation.
Ambidexterity	Double-dealing.
Ambidexterity	A juror's taking of money from the both parties for a verdict.
Ambidextral	Pertaining equally to the right-hand side and the left-hand side.
Ambidextrous	Having the faculty of using both hands with equal ease.
Ambidextrous	Practicing or siding with both parties.
Ambidextrously	In an ambidextrous manner; cunningly.
Ambidextrousness	The quality of being ambidextrous; ambidexterity.
Ambient	Encompassing on all sides; circumfused; investing.
Ambient	Something that surrounds or invests; as, air . . . being a perpetual ambient.
Ambigenous	Of two kinds.
Ambigenous	Partaking of two natures, as the perianth of some endogenous plants, where the outer surface is calycine, and the inner petaloid.
Ambigu	An entertainment at which a medley of dishes is set on at the same time.
Ambiguities	of Ambiguity
Ambiguity	The quality or state of being ambiguous; doubtfulness or uncertainty, particularly as to the signification of language, arising from its admitting of more than one meaning; an equivocal word or expression.
Ambiguous	Doubtful or uncertain, particularly in respect to signification; capable of being understood in either of two or more possible senses; equivocal; as, an ambiguous course; an ambiguous expression.
Ambiguously	In an ambiguous manner; with doubtful meaning.
Ambiguousness	Ambiguity.
Ambilevous	Left-handed on both sides; clumsy; -- opposed to ambidexter.
Ambiloquy	Doubtful or ambiguous language.
Ambiparous	Characterized by containing the rudiments of both flowers and leaves; -- applied to a bud.
Ambit	Circuit or compass.
Ambition	The act of going about to solicit or obtain an office, or any other object of desire; canvassing.
Ambition	An eager, and sometimes an inordinate, desire for preferment, honor, superiority, power, or the attainment of something.
Ambition	To seek after ambitiously or eagerly; to covet.
Ambitionist	One excessively ambitious.
Ambitionless	Devoid of ambition.
Ambitious	Possessing, or controlled by, ambition; greatly or inordinately desirous of power, honor, office, superiority, or distinction.
Ambitious	Strongly desirous; -- followed by of or the infinitive; as, ambitious to be or to do something.
Ambitious	Springing from, characterized by, or indicating, ambition; showy; aspiring; as, an ambitious style.
Ambitiously	In an ambitious manner.
Ambitiousness	The quality of being ambitious; ambition; pretentiousness.
Ambitus	The exterior edge or border of a thing, as the border of a leaf, or the outline of a bivalve shell.
Ambitus	A canvassing for votes.
Ambled	of Amble
Ambling	of Amble
Amble	To go at the easy gait called an amble; -- applied to the horse or to its rider.
Amble	To move somewhat like an ambling horse; to go easily or without hard shocks.
Amble	A peculiar gait of a horse, in which both legs on the same side are moved at the same time, alternating with the legs on the other side.
Amble	A movement like the amble of a horse.
Ambler	A horse or a person that ambles.
Amblingly	With an ambling gait.
Amblotic	Tending to cause abortion.
Amblygon	An obtuse-angled figure, esp. and obtuse-angled triangle.
Amblygonal	Obtuse-angled.
Amblyopia	Alt. of Amblyopy
Amblyopy	Weakness of sight, without and opacity of the cornea, or of the interior of the eye; the first degree of amaurosis.
Amblyopic	Of or pertaining to amblyopy.
Amblypoda	A group of large, extinct, herbivorous mammals, common in the Tertiary formation of the United States.
Ambos	of Ambo
Ambo	A large pulpit or reading desk, in the early Christian churches.
Ambon	Same as Ambo.
Amboyna wood	A beautiful mottled and curled wood, used in cabinetwork. It is obtained from the Pterocarpus Indicus of Amboyna, Borneo, etc.
Ambreate	A salt formed by the combination of ambreic acid with a base or positive radical.
Ambreic	Of or pertaining to ambrein; -- said of a certain acid produced by digesting ambrein in nitric acid.
Ambrein	A fragrant substance which is the chief constituent of ambergris.
Ambrite	A fossil resin occurring in large masses in New Zealand.
Ambrose	A sweet-scented herb; ambrosia. See Ambrosia, 3.
Ambrosia	The fabled food of the gods (as nectar was their drink), which conferred immortality upon those who partook of it.
Ambrosia	An unguent of the gods.
Ambrosia	A perfumed unguent, salve, or draught; something very pleasing to the taste or smell.
Ambrosia	Formerly, a kind of fragrant plant; now (Bot.), a genus of plants, including some coarse and worthless weeds, called ragweed, hogweed, etc.
Ambrosiac	Having the qualities of ambrosia; delicious.
Ambrosial	Consisting of, or partaking of the nature of, ambrosia; delighting the taste or smell; delicious.
Ambrosial	Divinely excellent or beautiful.
Ambrosially	After the manner of ambrosia; delightfully.
Ambrosian	Ambrosial.
Ambrosian	Of or pertaining to St. Ambrose; as, the Ambrosian office, or ritual, a formula of worship in the church of Milan, instituted by St. Ambrose.
Ambrosin	An early coin struck by the dukes of Milan, and bearing the figure of St. Ambrose on horseback.
Ambrotype	A picture taken on a plate of prepared glass, in which the lights are represented in silver, and the shades are produced by a dark background visible through the unsilvered portions of the glass.
Ambries	of Ambry
Ambry	In churches, a kind of closet, niche, cupboard, or locker for utensils, vestments, etc.
Ambry	A store closet, as a pantry, cupboard, etc.
Ambry	Almonry.
Ambs-ace	Double aces, the lowest throw of all at dice. Hence: Bad luck; anything of no account or value.
Ambulacral	Of or pertaining to ambulacra; avenuelike; as, the ambulacral ossicles, plates, spines, and suckers of echinoderms.
Ambulacriform	Having the form of ambulacra.
Ambulacra	of Ambulacrum
Ambulacrum	One of the radical zones of echinoderms, along which run the principal nerves, blood vessels, and water tubes. These zones usually bear rows of locomotive suckers or tentacles, which protrude from regular pores. In star fishes they occupy the grooves along the under side of the rays.
Ambulacrum	One of the suckers on the feet of mites.
Ambulance	A field hospital, so organized as to follow an army in its movements, and intended to succor the wounded as soon as possible. Often used adjectively; as, an ambulance wagon; ambulance stretcher; ambulance corps.
Ambulance	An ambulance wagon or cart for conveying the wounded from the field, or to a hospital.
Ambulant	Walking; moving from place to place.
Ambulate	To walk; to move about.
Ambulation	The act of walking.
Ambulative	Walking.
Ambulator	One who walks about; a walker.
Ambulator	A beetle of the genus Lamia.
Ambulator	A genus of birds, or one of this genus.
Ambulator	An instrument for measuring distances; -- called also perambulator.
Ambulatorial	Ambulatory; fitted for walking.
Ambulatory	Of or pertaining to walking; having the faculty of walking; formed or fitted for walking; as, an ambulatory animal.
Ambulatory	Accustomed to move from place to place; not stationary; movable; as, an ambulatory court, which exercises its jurisdiction in different places.
Ambulatory	Pertaining to a walk.
Ambulatory	Not yet fixed legally, or settled past alteration; alterable; as, the dispositions of a will are ambulatory until the death of the testator.
Ambulatories	of Ambulatory
Ambulatory	A place to walk in, whether in the open air, as the gallery of a cloister, or within a building.
Amburry	Same as Anbury.
Ambuscade	A lying in a wood, concealed, for the purpose of attacking an enemy by surprise. Hence: A lying in wait, and concealed in any situation, for a like purpose; a snare laid for an enemy; an ambush.
Ambuscade	A place in which troops lie hid, to attack an enemy unexpectedly.
Ambuscade	The body of troops lying in ambush.
Ambuscaded	of Ambuscade
Ambuscading	of Ambuscade
Ambuscade	To post or conceal in ambush; to ambush.
Ambuscade	To lie in wait for, or to attack from a covert or lurking place; to waylay.
Ambuscade	To lie in ambush.
Ambuscado	Ambuscade.
Ambuscadoed	Posted in ambush; ambuscaded.
Ambush	A disposition or arrangement of troops for attacking an enemy unexpectedly from a concealed station. Hence: Unseen peril; a device to entrap; a snare.
Ambush	A concealed station, where troops or enemies lie in wait to attack by surprise.
Ambush	The troops posted in a concealed place, for attacking by surprise; liers in wait.
Ambushed	of Ambush
Ambushing	of Ambush
Ambush	To station in ambush with a view to surprise an enemy.
Ambush	To attack by ambush; to waylay.
Ambush	To lie in wait, for the purpose of attacking by surprise; to lurk.
Ambusher	One lying in ambush.
Ambushment	An ambush.
Ambustion	A burn or scald.
Amebean	See Am/bean.
Ameer	Alt. of Amir
Amir	Emir.
Amir	One of the Mohammedan nobility of Afghanistan and Scinde.
Amel	Enamel.
Amel	To enamel.
Amelcorn	A variety of wheat from which starch is produced; -- called also French rice.
Ameliorable	Capable of being ameliorated.
Ameliorated	of Ameliorate
Ameliorating	of Ameliorate
Ameliorate	To make better; to improve; to meliorate.
Ameliorate	To grow better; to meliorate; as, wine ameliorates by age.
Amelioration	The act of ameliorating, or the state of being ameliorated; making or becoming better; improvement; melioration.
Ameliorative	Tending to ameliorate; producing amelioration or improvement; as, ameliorative remedies, efforts.
Ameliorator	One who ameliorates.
Amen	An expression used at the end of prayers, and meaning, So be it. At the end of a creed, it is a solemn asseveration of belief. When it introduces a declaration, it is equivalent to truly, verily.
Amen	To say Amen to; to sanction fully.
Amenability	The quality of being amenable; amenableness.
Amenable	Easy to be led; governable, as a woman by her husband.
Amenable	Liable to be brought to account or punishment; answerable; responsible; accountable; as, amenable to law.
Amenable	Liable to punishment, a charge, a claim, etc.
Amenable	Willing to yield or submit; responsive; tractable.
Amenableness	The quality or state of being amenable; liability to answer charges; answerableness.
Amenably	In an amenable manner.
Amenage	To manage.
Amenance	Behavior; bearing.
Amended	of Amend
Amending	of Amend
Amend	To change or modify in any way for the better
Amend	by simply removing what is erroneous, corrupt, superfluous, faulty, and the like;
Amend	by supplying deficiencies;
Amend	by substituting something else in the place of what is removed; to rectify.
Amend	To grow better by rectifying something wrong in manners or morals; to improve.
Amendable	Capable of being amended; as, an amendable writ or error.
Amendatory	Supplying amendment; corrective; emendatory.
Amende	A pecuniary punishment or fine; a reparation or recantation.
Amender	One who amends.
Amendful	Much improving.
Amendment	An alteration or change for the better; correction of a fault or of faults; reformation of life by quitting vices.
Amendment	In public bodies; Any alternation made or proposed to be made in a bill or motion by adding, changing, substituting, or omitting.
Amendment	Correction of an error in a writ or process.
Amends	Compensation for a loss or injury; recompense; reparation.
Amenities	of Amenity
Amenity	The quality of being pleasant or agreeable, whether in respect to situation, climate, manners, or disposition; pleasantness; civility; suavity; gentleness.
Amenorrhoea	Retention or suppression of the menstrual discharge.
Amenorrhoeal	Pertaining to amenorrhoea.
A mensa et thoro	A kind of divorce which does not dissolve the marriage bond, but merely authorizes a separate life of the husband and wife.
Ament	A species of inflorescence; a catkin.
Amentaceous	Resembling, or consisting of, an ament or aments; as, the chestnut has an amentaceous inflorescence.
Amentaceous	Bearing aments; having flowers arranged in aments; as, amentaceous plants.
Amentia	Imbecility; total want of understanding.
Amentiferous	Bearing catkins.
Amentiform	Shaped like a catkin.
Amenta	of Amentum
Amentum	Same as Ament.
Amenuse	To lessen.
Amerced	of Amerce
Amercing	of Amerce
Amerce	To punish by a pecuniary penalty, the amount of which is not fixed by law, but left to the discretion of the court; as, the amerced the criminal in the sum on the hundred dollars.
Amerce	To punish, in general; to mulct.
Amerceable	Liable to be amerced.
Amercement	The infliction of a penalty at the discretion of the court; also, a mulct or penalty thus imposed. It differs from a fine,in that the latter is, or was originally, a fixed and certain sum prescribed by statue for an offense; but an amercement is arbitrary. Hence, the act or practice of affeering. [See Affeer.]
Amercer	One who amerces.
Amerciament	Same as Amercement.
American	Of or pertaining to America; as, the American continent: American Indians.
American	Of or pertaining to the United States.
American	A native of America; -- originally applied to the aboriginal inhabitants, but now applied to the descendants of Europeans born in America, and especially to the citizens of the United States.
Americanism	Attachment to the United States.
Americanism	A custom peculiar to the United States or to America; an American characteristic or idea.
Americanism	A word or phrase peculiar to the United States.
Americanization	The process of Americanizing.
Americanizer	of Americanize
Americanizing	of Americanize
Americanize	To render American; to assimilate to the Americans in customs, ideas, etc.; to stamp with American characteristics.
Ames-ace	Same as Ambs-ace.
Amess	Amice, a hood or cape. See 2d Amice.
Ametabola	A group of insects which do not undergo any metamorphosis.
Ametabolian	Of or pertaining to insects that do undergo any metamorphosis.
Ametabolic	Alt. of Ametabolous
Ametabolous	Not undergoing any metamorphosis; as, ametabolic insects.
Amethodist	One without method; a quack.
Amethyst	A variety of crystallized quartz, of a purple or bluish violet color, of different shades. It is much used as a jeweler's stone.
Amethyst	A purple color in a nobleman's escutcheon, or coat of arms.
Amethystine	Resembling amethyst, especially in color; bluish violet.
Amethystine	Composed of, or containing, amethyst.
Ametropia	Any abnormal condition of the refracting powers of the eye.
Amharic	Of or pertaining to Amhara, a division of Abyssinia; as, the Amharic language is closely allied to the Ethiopic.
Amharic	The Amharic language (now the chief language of Abyssinia).
Amia	A genus of fresh-water ganoid fishes, exclusively confined to North America; called bowfin in Lake Champlain, dogfish in Lake Erie, and mudfish in South Carolina, etc. See Bowfin.
Amiability	The quality of being amiable; amiableness; sweetness of disposition.
Amiable	Lovable; lovely; pleasing.
Amiable	Friendly; kindly; sweet; gracious; as, an amiable temper or mood; amiable ideas.
Amiable	Possessing sweetness of disposition; having sweetness of temper, kind-heartedness, etc., which causes one to be liked; as, an amiable woman.
Amiable	Done out of love.
Amiableness	The quality of being amiable; amiability.
Amiably	In an amiable manner.
Amianth	See Amianthus.
Amianthiform	Resembling amianthus in form.
Amianthoid	Resembling amianthus.
Amianthus	Earth flax, or mountain flax; a soft silky variety of asbestus.
Amic	Related to, or derived, ammonia; -- used chiefly as a suffix; as, amic acid; phosphamic acid.
Amicability	The quality of being amicable; friendliness; amicableness.
Amicable	Friendly; proceeding from, or exhibiting, friendliness; after the manner of friends; peaceable; as, an amicable disposition, or arrangement.
Amicableness	The quality of being amicable; amicability.
Amicably	In an amicable manner.
Amice	A square of white linen worn at first on the head, but now about the neck and shoulders, by priests of the Roman Catholic Church while saying Mass.
Amice	A hood, or cape with a hood, made of lined with gray fur, formerly worn by the clergy; -- written also amess, amyss, and almuce.
Amid	See Amidst.
Amide	A compound formed by the union of amidogen with an acid element or radical. It may also be regarded as ammonia in which one or more hydrogen atoms have been replaced by an acid atom or radical.
Amidin	Start modified by heat so as to become a transparent mass, like horn. It is soluble in cold water.
Amido	Containing, or derived from, amidogen.
Amidogen	A compound radical, NH2, not yet obtained in a separate state, which may be regarded as ammonia from the molecule of which one of its hydrogen atoms has been removed; -- called also the amido group, and in composition represented by the form amido.
Amidships	In the middle of a ship, with regard to her length, and sometimes also her breadth.
Amidst	Alt. of Amid
Amid	In the midst or middle of; surrounded or encompassed by; among.
Amine	One of a class of strongly basic substances derived from ammonia by replacement of one or more hydrogen atoms by a basic atom or radical.
Amioid	Like or pertaining to the Amioidei.
Amioid	One of the Amioidei.
Amioidei	An order of ganoid fishes of which Amia is the type. See Bowfin and Ganoidei.
Amir	Same as Ameer.
Amiss	Astray; faultily; improperly; wrongly; ill.
Amiss	Wrong; faulty; out of order; improper; as, it may not be amiss to ask advice.
Amiss	A fault, wrong, or mistake.
Amissibility	The quality of being amissible; possibility of being lost.
Amissible	Liable to be lost.
Amission	Deprivation; loss.
Amit	To lose.
Amities	of Amity
Amity	Friendship, in a general sense, between individuals, societies, or nations; friendly relations; good understanding; as, a treaty of amity and commerce; the amity of the Whigs and Tories.
Amma	An abbes or spiritual mother.
Ammeter	A contraction of amperometer or amperemeter.
Ammiral	An obsolete form of admiral.
Ammite	Oolite or roestone; -- written also hammite.
Ammodyte	One of a genus of fishes; the sand eel.
Ammodyte	A kind of viper in southern Europe.
Ammonia	A gaseous compound of hydrogen and nitrogen, NH3, with a pungent smell and taste: -- often called volatile alkali, and spirits of hartshorn.
Ammoniac	Alt. of Ammoniacal
Ammoniacal	Of or pertaining to ammonia, or possessing its properties; as, an ammoniac salt; ammoniacal gas.
Ammoniac	Alt. of Gum ammoniac
Gum ammoniac	The concrete juice (gum resin) of an umbelliferous plant, the Dorema ammoniacum. It is brought chiefly from Persia in the form of yellowish tears, which occur singly, or are aggregated into masses. It has a peculiar smell, and a nauseous, sweet taste, followed by a bitter one. It is inflammable, partially soluble in water and in spirit of wine, and is used in medicine as an expectorant and resolvent, and for the formation of certain plasters.
Ammoniated	Combined or impregnated with ammonia.
Ammonic	Of or pertaining to ammonia.
Ammonite	A fossil cephalopod shell related to the nautilus. There are many genera and species, and all are extinct, the typical forms having existed only in the Mesozoic age, when they were exceedingly numerous. They differ from the nautili in having the margins of the septa very much lobed or plaited, and the siphuncle dorsal. Also called serpent stone, snake stone, and cornu Ammonis.
Ammonitiferous	Containing fossil ammonites.
Ammonitoidea	An extensive group of fossil cephalopods often very abundant in Mesozoic rocks. See Ammonite.
Ammonium	A compound radical, NH4, having the chemical relations of a strongly basic element like the alkali metals.
Ammunition	Military stores, or provisions of all kinds for attack or defense.
Ammunition	Articles used in charging firearms and ordnance of all kinds; as powder, balls, shot, shells, percussion caps, rockets, etc.
Ammunition	Any stock of missiles, literal or figurative.
Ammunitioned	of Ammunition
Ammunitioning	of Ammunition
Ammunition	To provide with ammunition.
Amnesia	Forgetfulness; also, a defect of speech, from cerebral disease, in which the patient substitutes wrong words or names in the place of those he wishes to employ.
Amnesic	Of or pertaining to amnesia.
Amnestic	Causing loss of memory.
Amnesty	Forgetfulness; cessation of remembrance of wrong; oblivion.
Amnesty	An act of the sovereign power granting oblivion, or a general pardon, for a past offense, as to subjects concerned in an insurrection.
Amnestied	of Amnesty
Amnestying	of Amnesty
Amnesty	To grant amnesty to.
Amnicolist	One who lives near a river.
Amnigenous	Born or bred in, of, or near a river.
Amnion	A thin membrane surrounding the embryos of mammals, birds, and reptiles.
Amnios	Same as Amnion.
Amniota	That group of vertebrates which develops in its embryonic life the envelope called the amnion. It comprises the reptiles, the birds, and the mammals.
Amniotic	Of or pertaining to the amnion; characterized by an amnion; as, the amniotic fluid; the amniotic sac.
Amoebae	of Amoeba
Amoebas	of Amoeba
Amoeba	A rhizopod. common in fresh water, capable of undergoing many changes of form at will. See Rhizopoda.
Amoebaeum	A poem in which persons are represented at speaking alternately; as the third and seventh eclogues of Virgil.
Amoebea	That division of the Rhizopoda which includes the amoeba and similar forms.
Amoebean	Alternately answering.
Amoebian	One of the Amoebea.
Amoebiform	Alt. of Amoeboid
Amoeboid	Resembling an amoeba; amoeba-shaped; changing in shape like an amoeba.
Amoebous	Like an amoeba in structure.
Amolition	Removal; a putting away.
Amomum	A genus of aromatic plants. It includes species which bear cardamoms, and grains of paradise.
Amoneste	To admonish.
Among	Alt. of Amongst
Amongst	Mixed or mingled; surrounded by.
Amongst	Conjoined, or associated with, or making part of the number of; in the number or class of.
Amongst	Expressing a relation of dispersion, distribution, etc.; also, a relation of reciprocal action.
Amontillado	A dry kind of cherry, of a light color.
Amoret	An amorous girl or woman; a wanton.
Amoret	A love knot, love token, or love song. (pl.) Love glances or love tricks.
Amoret	A petty love affair or amour.
Amorette	An amoret.
Amorist	A lover; a gallant.
A-mornings	In the morning; every morning.
Amorosa	A wanton woman; a courtesan.
Amorosity	The quality of being amorous; lovingness.
Amoroso	A lover; a man enamored.
Amoroso	In a soft, tender, amatory style.
Amorous	Inclined to love; having a propensity to love, or to sexual enjoyment; loving; fond; affectionate; as, an amorous disposition.
Amorous	Affected with love; in love; enamored; -- usually with of; formerly with on.
Amorous	Of or relating to, or produced by, love.
Amorously	In an amorous manner; fondly.
Amorousness	The quality of being amorous, or inclined to sexual love; lovingness.
Amorphas	of Amorpha
Amorpha	A genus of leguminous shrubs, having long clusters of purple flowers; false or bastard indigo.
Amorphism	A state of being amorphous; esp. a state of being without crystallization even in the minutest particles, as in glass, opal, etc.
Amorphous	Having no determinate form; of irregular; shapeless.
Amorphous	Without crystallization in the ultimate texture of a solid substance; uncrystallized.
Amorphous	Of no particular kind or character; anomalous.
Amorphozoa	Animals without a mouth or regular internal organs, as the sponges.
Amorphozoic	Of or pertaining to the Amorphozoa.
Amorphy	Shapelessness.
Amort	As if dead; lifeless; spiritless; dejected; depressed.
Amortise	Alt. of Amortisement
Amortisation	Alt. of Amortisement
Amortisable	Alt. of Amortisement
Amortisement	Same as Amortize, Amortization, etc.
Amortizable	Capable of being cleared off, as a debt.
Amortization	The act or right of alienating lands to a corporation, which was considered formerly as transferring them to dead hands, or in mortmain.
Amortization	The extinction of a debt, usually by means of a sinking fund; also, the money thus paid.
Amortize	To make as if dead; to destroy.
Amortize	To alienate in mortmain, that is, to convey to a corporation. See Mortmain.
Amortize	To clear off or extinguish, as a debt, usually by means of a sinking fund.
Amortizement	Same as Amortization.
Amorwe	In the morning.
Amorwe	On the following morning.
Amotion	Removal; ousting; especially, the removal of a corporate officer from his office.
Amotion	Deprivation of possession.
Amotus	Elevated, -- as a toe, when raised so high that the tip does not touch the ground.
Amounted	of Amount
Amounting	of Amount
Amount	To go up; to ascend.
Amount	To rise or reach by an accumulation of particular sums or quantities; to come (to) in the aggregate or whole; -- with to or unto.
Amount	To rise, reach, or extend in effect, substance, or influence; to be equivalent; to come practically (to); as, the testimony amounts to very little.
Amount	To signify; to amount to.
Amount	The sum total of two or more sums or quantities; the aggregate; the whole quantity; a totality; as, the amount of 7 and 9 is 16; the amount of a bill; the amount of this year's revenue.
Amount	The effect, substance, value, significance, or result; the sum; as, the amount of the testimony is this.
Amour	Love; affection.
Amour	Love making; a love affair; usually, an unlawful connection in love; a love intrigue; an illicit love affair.
Amour propre	Self-love; self-esteem.
Amovability	Liability to be removed or dismissed from office.
Amovable	Removable.
Amove	To remove, as a person or thing, from a position.
Amove	To dismiss from an office or station.
Amove	To move or be moved; to excite.
Ampelite	An earth abounding in pyrites, used by the ancients to kill insects, etc., on vines; -- applied by Brongniart to a carbonaceous alum schist.
Ampere	Alt. of Ampere
Ampere	The unit of electric current; -- defined by the International Electrical Congress in 1893 and by U. S. Statute as, one tenth of the unit of current of the C. G. S. system of electro-magnetic units, or the practical equivalent of the unvarying current which, when passed through a standard solution of nitrate of silver in water, deposits silver at the rate of 0.001118 grams per second. Called also the international ampere.
Amperemeter	Alt. of Amperometer
Amperometer	An instrument for measuring the strength of an electrical current in amperes.
Ampersand	A word used to describe the character /, /, or &.
Amphi-	A prefix in words of Greek origin, signifying both, of both kinds, on both sides, about, around.
Amphiarthrodial	Characterized by amphiarthrosis.
Amphiarthrosis	A form of articulation in which the bones are connected by intervening substance admitting slight motion; symphysis.
Amphiaster	The achromatic figure, formed in mitotic cell-division, consisting of two asters connected by a spindle-shaped bundle of rodlike fibers diverging from each aster, and called the spindle.
Amphibia	One of the classes of vertebrates.
Amphibial	Amphibian.
Amphibian	Of or pertaining to the Amphibia; as, amphibian reptiles.
Amphibian	One of the Amphibia.
Amphibiological	Pertaining to amphibiology.
Amphibiology	A treatise on amphibious animals; the department of natural history which treats of the Amphibia.
Amphibiotica	A division of insects having aquatic larvae.
Amphibious	Having the ability to live both on land and in water, as frogs, crocodiles, beavers, and some plants.
Amphibious	Pertaining to, adapted for, or connected with, both land and water.
Amphibious	Of a mixed nature; partaking of two natures.
Amphibiously	Like an amphibious being.
Amphibia	of Amphibium
Amphibiums	of Amphibium
Amphibium	An amphibian.
Amphiblastic	Segmenting unequally; -- said of telolecithal ova with complete segmentation.
Amphibole	A common mineral embracing many varieties varying in color and in composition. It occurs in monoclinic crystals; also massive, generally with fibrous or columnar structure. The color varies from white to gray, green, brown, and black. It is a silicate of magnesium and calcium, with usually aluminium and iron. Some common varieties are tremolite, actinolite, asbestus, edenite, hornblende (the last name being also used as a general term for the whole species). Amphibole is a constituent of many crystalline rocks, as syenite, diorite, most varieties of trachyte, etc. See Hornblende.
Amphibolic	Of or pertaining to amphiboly; ambiguous; equivocal.
Amphibolic	Of or resembling the mineral amphibole.
Amphibological	Of doubtful meaning; ambiguous.
Amphibologies	of Amphibology
Amphibology	A phrase, discourse, or proposition, susceptible of two interpretations; and hence, of uncertain meaning. It differs from equivocation, which arises from the twofold sense of a single term.
Amphibolous	Ambiguous; doubtful.
Amphibolous	Capable of two meanings.
Amphibolies	of Amphiboly
Amphiboly	Ambiguous discourse; amphibology.
Amphibrach	A foot of three syllables, the middle one long, the first and last short (~ -- ~); as, h/b/r/. In modern prosody the accented syllable takes the place of the long and the unaccented of the short; as, pro-phet#ic.
Amphicarpic	Alt. of Amphicarpous
Amphicarpous	Producing fruit of two kinds, either as to form or time of ripening.
Amphichroic	Exhibiting or producing two colors, as substances which in the color test may change red litmus to blue and blue litmus to red.
Amphicoelian	Alt. of Amphicoelous
Amphicoelous	Having both ends concave; biconcave; -- said of vertebrae.
Amphicome	A kind of figured stone, rugged and beset with eminences, anciently used in divination.
Amphictyonic	Of or pertaining to the Amphictyons or their League or Council; as, an Amphictyonic town or state; the Amphictyonic body.
Amphictyons	Deputies from the confederated states of ancient Greece to a congress or council. They considered both political and religious matters.
Amphictyonies	of Amphictyony
Amphictyony	A league of states of ancient Greece; esp. the celebrated confederation known as the Amphictyonic Council. Its object was to maintain the common interests of Greece.
Amphid	A salt of the class formed by the combination of an acid and a base, or by the union of two oxides, two sulphides, selenides, or tellurides, as distinguished from a haloid compound.
Amphidisc	A peculiar small siliceous spicule having a denticulated wheel at each end; -- found in freshwater sponges.
Amphidromical	Pertaining to an Attic festival at the naming of a child; -- so called because the friends of the parents carried the child around the hearth and then named it.
Amphigamous	Having a structure entirely cellular, and no distinct sexual organs; -- a term applied by De Candolle to the lowest order of plants.
Amphigean	Extending over all the zones, from the tropics to the polar zones inclusive.
Amphigen	An element that in combination produces amphid salt; -- applied by Berzelius to oxygen, sulphur, selenium, and tellurium.
Amphigene	Leucite.
Amphigenesis	Sexual generation; amphigony.
Amphigenous	Increasing in size by growth on all sides, as the lichens.
Amphigonic	Pertaining to amphigony; sexual; as, amphigonic propagation.
Amphigonous	Relating to both parents.
Amphigony	Sexual propagation.
Amphigoric	Nonsensical; absurd; pertaining to an amphigory.
Amphigory	A nonsense verse; a rigmarole, with apparent meaning, which on further attention proves to be meaningless.
Amphilogism	Alt. of Amphilogy
Amphilogy	Ambiguity of speech; equivocation.
Amphimacer	A foot of three syllables, the middle one short and the others long, as in cast/tas.
Amphineura	A division of Mollusca remarkable for the bilateral symmetry of the organs and the arrangement of the nerves.
Amphioxus	A fishlike creature (Amphioxus lanceolatus), two or three inches long, found in temperature seas; -- also called the lancelet. Its body is pointed at both ends. It is the lowest and most generalized of the vertebrates, having neither brain, skull, vertebrae, nor red blood. It forms the type of the group Acrania, Leptocardia, etc.
Amphipneust	One of a tribe of Amphibia, which have both lungs and gills at the same time, as the proteus and siren.
Amphipod	One of the Amphipoda.
Amphipod	Alt. of Amphipodan
Amphipodan	Of or pertaining to the Amphipoda.
Amphipoda	A numerous group of fourteen -- footed Crustacea, inhabiting both fresh and salt water. The body is usually compressed laterally, and the anterior pairs or legs are directed downward and forward, but the posterior legs are usually turned upward and backward. The beach flea is an example. See Tetradecapoda and Arthrostraca.
Amphipodous	Of or pertaining to the Amphipoda.
Amphiprostyle	Doubly prostyle; having columns at each end, but not at the sides.
Amphiprostyle	An amphiprostyle temple or edifice.
Amphirhina	A name applied to the elasmobranch fishes, because the nasal sac is double.
Amphisbaena	A fabled serpent with a head at each end, moving either way.
Amphisbaena	A genus of harmless lizards, serpentlike in form, without legs, and with both ends so much alike that they appear to have a head at each, and ability to move either way. See Illustration in Appendix.
Amphisbaenoid	Like or pertaining to the lizards of the genus Amphisbaena.
Amphiscii	Alt. of Amphiscians
Amphiscians	The inhabitants of the tropic, whose shadows in one part of the year are cast to the north, and in the other to the south, according as the sun is south or north of their zenith.
Amphistomous	Having a sucker at each extremity, as certain entozoa, by means of which they adhere.
Amphistylic	Having the mandibular arch articulated with the hyoid arch and the cranium, as in the cestraciont sharks; -- said of a skull.
Amphitheater	Alt. of Amphitheatre
Amphitheatre	An oval or circular building with rising tiers of seats about an open space called the arena.
Amphitheatre	Anything resembling an amphitheater in form; as, a level surrounded by rising slopes or hills, or a rising gallery in a theater.
Amphitheatral	Amphitheatrical; resembling an amphitheater.
Amphitheatric	Alt. of Amphitheatrical
Amphitheatrical	Of, pertaining to, exhibited in, or resembling, an amphitheater.
Amphitheatrically	In the form or manner of an amphitheater.
Amphitrocha	A kind of annelid larva having both a dorsal and a ventral circle of special cilia.
Amphitropal	Alt. of Amphitropous
Amphitropous	Having the ovule inverted, but with the attachment near the middle of one side; half anatropous.
Amphiuma	A genus of amphibians, inhabiting the Southern United States, having a serpentlike form, but with four minute limbs and two persistent gill openings; the Congo snake.
Amphopeptone	A product of gastric digestion, a mixture of hemipeptone and antipeptone.
Amophorae	of Amphora
Amphora	Among the ancients, a two-handled vessel, tapering at the bottom, used for holding wine, oil, etc.
Amphoral	Pertaining to, or resembling, an amphora.
Amphoric	Produced by, or indicating, a cavity in the lungs, not filled, and giving a sound like that produced by blowing into an empty decanter; as, amphoric respiration or resonance.
Amphoteric	Partly one and partly the other; neither acid nor alkaline; neutral.
Ample	Large; great in size, extent, capacity, or bulk; spacious; roomy; widely extended.
Ample	Fully sufficient; abundant; liberal; copious; as, an ample fortune; ample justice.
Ample	Not contracted of brief; not concise; extended; diffusive; as, an ample narrative.
Amplectant	Clasping a support; as, amplectant tendrils.
Ampleness	The state or quality of being ample; largeness; fullness; completeness.
Amplexation	An embrace.
Amplexicaul	Clasping or embracing a stem, as the base of some leaves.
Ampliate	To enlarge.
Ampliate	Having the outer edge prominent; said of the wings of insects.
Ampliation	Enlargement; amplification.
Ampliation	A postponement of the decision of a cause, for further consideration or re-argument.
Ampliative	Enlarging a conception by adding to that which is already known or received.
Amplificate	To amplify.
Amplification	The act of amplifying or enlarging in dimensions; enlargement; extension.
Amplification	The enlarging of a simple statement by particularity of description, the use of epithets, etc., for rhetorical effect; diffuse narrative or description, or a dilating upon all the particulars of a subject.
Amplification	The matter by which a statement is amplified; as, the subject was presented without amplifications.
Amplificative	Amplificatory.
Amplificatory	Serving to amplify or enlarge; amplificative.
Amplifier	One who or that which amplifies.
Amplified	of Amplify
Amplifying	of Amplify
Amplify	To render larger, more extended, or more intense, and the like; -- used especially of telescopes, microscopes, etc.
Amplify	To enlarge by addition or discussion; to treat copiously by adding particulars, illustrations, etc.; to expand; to make much of.
Amplify	To become larger.
Amplify	To speak largely or copiously; to be diffuse in argument or description; to dilate; to expatiate; -- often with on or upon.
Amplitude	State of being ample; extent of surface or space; largeness of dimensions; size.
Amplitude	Largeness, in a figurative sense; breadth; abundance; fullness.
Amplitude	Of extent of capacity or intellectual powers.
Amplitude	Of extent of means or resources.
Amplitude	The arc of the horizon between the true east or west point and the center of the sun, or a star, at its rising or setting. At the rising, the amplitude is eastern or ortive: at the setting, it is western, occiduous, or occasive. It is also northern or southern, when north or south of the equator.
Amplitude	The arc of the horizon between the true east or west point and the foot of the vertical circle passing through any star or object.
Amplitude	The horizontal line which measures the distance to which a projectile is thrown; the range.
Amplitude	The extent of a movement measured from the starting point or position of equilibrium; -- applied especially to vibratory movements.
Amplitude	An angle upon which the value of some function depends; -- a term used more especially in connection with elliptic functions.
Amply	In an ample manner.
Ampul	Same as Ampulla, 2.
Ampullae	of Ampulla
Ampulla	A narrow-necked vessel having two handles and bellying out like a jug.
Ampulla	A cruet for the wine and water at Mass.
Ampulla	The vase in which the holy oil for chrism, unction, or coronation is kept.
Ampulla	Any membranous bag shaped like a leathern bottle, as the dilated end of a vessel or duct; especially the dilations of the semicircular canals of the ear.
Ampullaceous	Like a bottle or inflated bladder; bottle-shaped; swelling.
Ampullar	Alt. of Ampullary
Ampullary	Resembling an ampulla.
Ampullate	Alt. of Ampullated
Ampullated	Having an ampulla; flask-shaped; bellied.
Ampulliform	Flask-shaped; dilated.
Amputated	of Amputate
Amputating	of Amputate
Amputate	To prune or lop off, as branches or tendrils.
Amputate	To cut off (a limb or projecting part of the body)
Amputation	The act of amputating; esp. the operation of cutting off a limb or projecting part of the body.
Amputator	One who amputates.
Ampyx	A woman's headband (sometimes of metal), for binding the front hair.
Amrita	Immortality; also, the nectar conferring immortality.
Amrita	Ambrosial; immortal.
Amsel	Alt. of Amzel
Amzel	The European ring ousel (Turdus torquatus).
Amuck	In a frenzied and reckless manner.
Amulet	An ornament, gem, or scroll, or a package containing a relic, etc., worn as a charm or preservative against evils or mischief, such as diseases and witchcraft, and generally inscribed with mystic forms or characters. [Also used figuratively.]
Amuletic	Of or pertaining to an amulet; operating as a charm.
Amurcous	Full off dregs; foul.
Amusable	Capable of being amused.
Amused	of Amuse
Amusing	of Amuse
Amuse	To occupy or engage the attention of; to lose in deep thought; to absorb; also, to distract; to bewilder.
Amuse	To entertain or occupy in a pleasant manner; to stir with pleasing or mirthful emotions; to divert.
Amuse	To keep in expectation; to beguile; to delude.
Amuse	To muse; to mediate.
Amused	Diverted.
Amused	Expressing amusement; as, an amused look.
Amusement	Deep thought; muse.
Amusement	The state of being amused; pleasurable excitement; that which amuses; diversion.
Amuser	One who amuses.
Amusette	A light field cannon, or stocked gun mounted on a swivel.
Amusing	Giving amusement; diverting; as, an amusing story.
Amusive	Having power to amuse or entertain the mind; fitted to excite mirth.
Amy	A friend.
Amyelous	Wanting the spinal cord.
Amygdalaceous	Akin to, or derived from, the almond.
Amygdalate	Pertaining to, resembling, or made of, almonds.
Amygdalate	An emulsion made of almonds; milk of almonds.
Amygdalate	A salt amygdalic acid.
Amygdalic	Of or pertaining to almonds; derived from amygdalin; as, amygdalic acid.
Amygdaliferous	Almond-bearing.
Amygdalin	A glucoside extracted from bitter almonds as a white, crystalline substance.
Amygdaline	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, almonds.
Amygdaloid	A variety of trap or basaltic rock, containing small cavities, occupied, wholly or in part, by nodules or geodes of different minerals, esp. agates, quartz, calcite, and the zeolites. When the imbedded minerals are detached or removed by decomposition, it is porous, like lava.
Amygdaloid	Alt. of Amygdaloidal
Amygdaloidal	Almond-shaped.
Amygdaloidal	Pertaining to, or having the nature of, the rock amygdaloid.
Amyl	A hydrocarbon radical, C5H11, of the paraffine series found in amyl alcohol or fusel oil, etc.
Amylaceous	Pertaining to starch; of the nature of starch; starchy.
Amylate	A compound of the radical amyl with oxygen and a positive atom or radical.
Amylene	One of a group of metameric hydrocarbons, C5H10, of the ethylene series. The colorless, volatile, mobile liquid commonly called amylene is a mixture of different members of the group.
Amylic	Pertaining to, or derived from, amyl; as, amylic ether.
Amylobacter	A microorganism (Bacillus amylobacter) which develops in vegetable tissue during putrefaction.
Amyloid	Alt. of Amyloidal
Amyloidal	Resembling or containing amyl; starchlike.
Amyloid	A non-nitrogenous starchy food; a starchlike substance.
Amyloid	The substance deposited in the organs in amyloid degeneration.
Amylolytic	Effecting the conversion of starch into soluble dextrin and sugar; as, an amylolytic ferment.
Amylose	One of the starch group (C6H10O5)n of the carbohydrates; as, starch, arabin, dextrin, cellulose, etc.
Amyous	Wanting in muscle; without flesh.
Amyss	Same as Amice, a hood or cape.
An	This word is properly an adjective, but is commonly called the indefinite article. It is used before nouns of the singular number only, and signifies one, or any, but somewhat less emphatically. In such expressions as  "twice an hour," "once an age," a shilling an ounce  (see 2d A, 2), it has a distributive force, and is equivalent to each, every.
An	If; -- a word used by old English authors.
Ana-	A prefix in words from the Greek, denoting up, upward, throughout, backward, back, again, anew.
Ana	Of each; an equal quantity; as, wine and honey, ana (or, contracted, aa), / ij., that is, of wine and honey, each, two ounces.
-ana	A suffix to names of persons or places, used to denote a collection of notable sayings, literary gossip, anecdotes, etc. Thus, Scaligerana is a book containing the sayings of Scaliger, Johnsoniana of Johnson, etc.
Anabaptism	The doctrine of the Anabaptists.
Anabaptist	A name sometimes applied to a member of any sect holding that rebaptism is necessary for those baptized in infancy.
Anabaptistic	Alt. of Anabaptistical
Anabaptistical	Relating or attributed to the Anabaptists, or their doctrines.
Anabaptistry	The doctrine, system, or practice, of Anabaptists.
Anabaptize	To rebaptize; to rechristen; also, to rename.
Anabas	A genus of fishes, remarkable for their power of living long out of water, and of making their way on land for considerable distances, and for climbing trees; the climbing fishes.
Anabasis	A journey or expedition up from the coast, like that of the younger Cyrus into Central Asia, described by Xenophon in his work called "The Anabasis."
Anabasis	The first period, or increase, of a disease; augmentation.
Anabatic	Pertaining to anabasis; as, an anabatic fever.
Anabolic	Pertaining to anabolism; an anabolic changes, or processes, more or less constructive in their nature.
Anabolism	The constructive metabolism of the body, as distinguished from katabolism.
Anacamptic	Reflecting of reflected; as, an anacamptic sound (and echo).
Anacamptically	By reflection; as, echoes are sound produced anacamptically.
Anacamptics	The science of reflected light, now called catoptrics.
Anacamptics	The science of reflected sounds.
Anacanthini	Alt. of Anacanths
Anacanths	A group of teleostean fishes destitute of spiny fin-rays, as the cod.
Anacanthous	Spineless, as certain fishes.
Anacardiaceous	Belonging to, or resembling, a family, or order, of plants of which the cashew tree is the type, and the species of sumac are well known examples.
Anacardic	Pertaining to, or derived from, the cashew nut; as, anacardic acid.
Anacardium	A genus of plants including the cashew tree. See Cashew.
Anacathartic	Producing vomiting or expectoration.
Anacathartic	An anacathartic medicine; an expectorant or an emetic.
Anacharis	A fresh-water weed of the frog's-bit family (Hydrocharidaceae), native to America. Transferred to England it became an obstruction to navigation. Called also waterweed and water thyme.
Anachoret	Alt. of Anachoretical
Anachoretical	See Anchoret, Anchoretic.
Anachorism	An error in regard to the place of an event or a thing; a referring something to a wrong place.
Anachronic	Alt. of Anachronical
Anachronical	Characterized by, or involving, anachronism; anachronistic.
Anachronism	A misplacing or error in the order of time; an error in chronology by which events are misplaced in regard to each other, esp. one by which an event is placed too early; falsification of chronological relation.
Anachronistic	Erroneous in date; containing an anachronism.
Anachronize	To refer to, or put into, a wrong time.
Anachronous	Containing an anachronism; anachronistic.
Anaclastic	Produced by the refraction of light, as seen through water; as, anaclastic curves.
Anaclastic	Springing back, as the bottom of an anaclastic glass.
Anaclastics	That part of optics which treats of the refraction of light; -- commonly called dioptrics.
Anacoenosis	A figure by which a speaker appeals to his hearers or opponents for their opinion on the point in debate.
Anacoluthic	Lacking grammatical sequence.
Anacoluthon	A want of grammatical sequence or coherence in a sentence; an instance of a change of construction in a sentence so that the latter part does not syntactically correspond with the first part.
Anaconda	A large South American snake of the Boa family (Eunectes murinus), which lives near rivers, and preys on birds and small mammals. The name is also applied to a similar large serpent (Python tigris) of Ceylon.
Anacreontic	Pertaining to, after the manner of, or in the meter of, the Greek poet Anacreon; amatory and convivial.
Anacreontic	A poem after the manner of Anacreon; a sprightly little poem in praise of love and wine.
Anacrotic	Pertaining to anachronism.
Anacrotism	A secondary notch in the pulse curve, obtained in a sphygmographic tracing.
Anacrusis	A prefix of one or two unaccented syllables to a verse properly beginning with an accented syllable.
Anadem	A garland or fillet; a chaplet or wreath.
Anadiplosis	A repetition of the last word or any prominent word in a sentence or clause, at the beginning of the next, with an adjunct idea; as, "He retained his virtues amidst all his misfortunes -- misfortunes which no prudence could foresee or prevent."
Anadrom	A fish that leaves the sea and ascends rivers.
Anadromous	Ascending rivers from the sea, at certain seasons, for breeding, as the salmon, shad, etc.
Anadromous	Tending upwards; -- said of terns in which the lowest secondary segments are on the upper side of the branch of the central stem.
Anaemia	A morbid condition in which the blood is deficient in quality or in quantity.
Anaemic	Of or pertaining to anaemia.
Anaerobic	Relating to, or like, anaerobies; anaerobiotic.
Anaerobies	Microorganisms which do not require oxygen, but are killed by it.
Anaerobiotic	Related to, or of the nature of, anaerobies.
Anaesthesia	Entire or partial loss or absence of feeling or sensation; a state of general or local insensibility produced by disease or by the inhalation or application of an anaesthetic.
Anaesthesis	See Anaesthesia.
Anaesthetic	Capable of rendering insensible; as, anaesthetic agents.
Anaesthetic	Characterized by, or connected with, insensibility; as, an anaesthetic effect or operation.
Anaesthetic	That which produces insensibility to pain, as chloroform, ether, etc.
Anaesthetization	The process of anaesthetizing; also, the condition of the nervous system induced by anaesthetics.
Anaesthetize	To render insensible by an anaesthetic.
Anaglyph	Any sculptured, chased, or embossed ornament worked in low relief, as a cameo.
Anaglyphic	Alt. of Anaglyphical
Anaglyphical	Pertaining to the art of chasing or embossing in relief; anaglyptic; -- opposed to diaglyptic or sunk work.
Anaglyphic	Work chased or embossed relief.
Anaglyptic	Relating to the art of carving, enchasing, or embossing in low relief.
Anaglyptics	The art of carving in low relief, embossing, etc.
Anaglyptograph	An instrument by which a correct engraving of any embossed object, such as a medal or cameo, can be executed.
Anaglyptographic	Of or pertaining to anaglyptography; as, anaglyptographic engraving.
Anaglyptography	The art of copying works in relief, or of engraving as to give the subject an embossed or raised appearance; -- used in representing coins, bas-reliefs, etc.
Anagnorisis	The unfolding or denouement.
Anagoge	An elevation of mind to things celestial.
Anagoge	The spiritual meaning or application; esp. the application of the types and allegories of the Old Testament to subjects of the New.
Anagogic	Alt. of Anagogical
Anagogical	Mystical; having a secondary spiritual meaning; as, the rest of the Sabbath, in an anagogical sense, signifies the repose of the saints in heaven; an anagogical explication.
Anagogics	Mystical interpretations or studies, esp. of the Scriptures.
Anagogy	Same as Anagoge.
Anagram	Literally, the letters of a word read backwards, but in its usual wider sense, the change or one word or phrase into another by the transposition of its letters. Thus Galenus becomes angelus; William Noy (attorney-general to Charles I., and a laborious man) may be turned into I moyl in law.
Anagram	To anagrammatize.
Anagrammatic	Alt. of Anagrammatical
Anagrammatical	Pertaining to, containing, or making, an anagram.
Anagrammatism	The act or practice of making anagrams.
Anagrammatist	A maker anagrams.
Anagrammatize	To transpose, as the letters of a word, so as to form an anagram.
Anagraph	An inventory; a record.
Anakim	Alt. of Anaks
Anaks	A race of giants living in Palestine.
Anal	Pertaining to, or situated near, the anus; as, the anal fin or glands.
Analcime	A white or flesh-red mineral, of the zeolite family, occurring in isometric crystals. By friction, it acquires a weak electricity; hence its name.
Analcite	Analcime.
Analectic	Relating to analects; made up of selections; as, an analectic magazine.
Analects	Alt. of Analecta
Analecta	A collection of literary fragments.
Analemma	An orthographic projection of the sphere on the plane of the meridian, the eye being supposed at an infinite distance, and in the east or west point of the horizon.
Analemma	An instrument of wood or brass, on which this projection of the sphere is made, having a movable horizon or cursor; -- formerly much used in solving some common astronomical problems.
Analemma	A scale of the sun's declination for each day of the year, drawn across the torrid zone on an artificial terrestrial globe.
Analepsis	Alt. of Analepsy
Analepsy	Recovery of strength after sickness.
Analepsy	A species of epileptic attack, originating from gastric disorder.
Analeptic	Restorative; giving strength after disease.
Analeptic	A restorative.
Analgesia	Absence of sensibility to pain.
Anallagmatic	Not changed in form by inversion.
Anallantoic	Without, or not developing, an allantois.
Anallantoidea	The division of Vertebrata in which no allantois is developed. It includes amphibians, fishes, and lower forms.
Analogal	Analogous.
Analogic	Of or belonging to analogy.
Analogical	Founded on, or of the nature of, analogy; expressing or implying analogy.
Analogical	Having analogy; analogous.
Analogically	In an analogical sense; in accordance with analogy; by way of similitude.
Analogicalness	Quality of being analogical.
Analogism	an argument from the cause to the effect; an a priori argument.
Analogism	Investigation of things by the analogy they bear to each other.
Analogist	One who reasons from analogy, or represent, by analogy.
Analogize	To employ, or reason by, analogy.
Analogon	Analogue.
Analogous	Having analogy; corresponding to something else; bearing some resemblance or proportion; -- often followed by to.
Analogue	That which is analogous to, or corresponds with, some other thing.
Analogue	A word in one language corresponding with one in another; an analogous term; as, the Latin "pater" is the analogue of the English "father."
Analogue	An organ which is equivalent in its functions to a different organ in another species or group, or even in the same group; as, the gill of a fish is the analogue of a lung in a quadruped, although the two are not of like structural relations.
Analogue	A species in one genus or group having its characters parallel, one by one, with those of another group.
Analogue	A species or genus in one country closely related to a species of the same genus, or a genus of the same group, in another: such species are often called representative species, and such genera, representative genera.
Analogies	of Analogy
Analogy	A resemblance of relations; an agreement or likeness between things in some circumstances or effects, when the things are otherwise entirely different. Thus, learning enlightens the mind, because it is to the mind what light is to the eye, enabling it to discover things before hidden.
Analogy	A relation or correspondence in function, between organs or parts which are decidedly different.
Analogy	Proportion; equality of ratios.
Analogy	Conformity of words to the genius, structure, or general rules of a language; similarity of origin, inflection, or principle of pronunciation, and the like, as opposed to anomaly.
Analyse	Alt. of Analyser
Analyser	Same as Analyze, Analyzer, etc.
Analyses	of Analysis
Analysis	A resolution of anything, whether an object of the senses or of the intellect, into its constituent or original elements; an examination of the component parts of a subject, each separately, as the words which compose a sentence, the tones of a tune, or the simple propositions which enter into an argument. It is opposed to synthesis.
Analysis	The separation of a compound substance, by chemical processes, into its constituents, with a view to ascertain either (a) what elements it contains, or (b) how much of each element is present. The former is called qualitative, and the latter quantitative analysis.
Analysis	The tracing of things to their source, and the resolving of knowledge into its original principles.
Analysis	The resolving of problems by reducing the conditions that are in them to equations.
Analysis	A syllabus, or table of the principal heads of a discourse, disposed in their natural order.
Analysis	A brief, methodical illustration of the principles of a science. In this sense it is nearly synonymous with synopsis.
Analysis	The process of ascertaining the name of a species, or its place in a system of classification, by means of an analytical table or key.
Analyst	One who analyzes; formerly, one skilled in algebraical geometry; now commonly, one skilled in chemical analysis.
Analytic	Alt. of Analytical
Analytical	Of or pertaining to analysis; resolving into elements or constituent parts; as, an analytical experiment; analytic reasoning; -- opposed to synthetic.
Analytically	In an analytical manner.
Analytics	The science of analysis.
Analyzable	That may be analyzed.
Analyzation	The act of analyzing, or separating into constituent parts; analysis.
Analyzed	of Analyze
Analyzing	of Analyze
Analyze	To subject to analysis; to resolve (anything complex) into its elements; to separate into the constituent parts, for the purpose of an examination of each separately; to examine in such a manner as to ascertain the elements or nature of the thing examined; as, to analyze a fossil substance; to analyze a sentence or a word; to analyze an action to ascertain its morality.
Analyzer	One who, or that which, analyzes.
Analyzer	The part of a polariscope which receives the light after polarization, and exhibits its properties.
Anamese	Of or pertaining to Anam, to southeastern Asia.
Anamese	A native of Anam.
Anamnesis	A recalling to mind; recollection.
Anamnestic	Aiding the memory; as, anamnestic remedies.
Anamniotic	Without, or not developing, an amnion.
Anamorphism	A distorted image.
Anamorphism	A gradual progression from one type to another, generally ascending.
Anamorphosis	A distorted or monstrous projection or representation of an image on a plane or curved surface, which, when viewed from a certain point, or as reflected from a curved mirror or through a polyhedron, appears regular and in proportion; a deformation of an image.
Anamorphosis	Same as Anamorphism, 2.
Anamorphosis	A morbid or monstrous development, or change of form, or degeneration.
Anamorphosy	Same as Anamorphosis.
Anan	An expression equivalent to What did you say? Sir? Eh?
Ananas	The pineapple (Ananassa sativa).
Anandrous	Destitute of stamens, as certain female flowers.
Anangular	Containing no angle.
Anantherous	Destitute of anthers.
Ananthous	Destitute of flowers; flowerless.
Anapaest	Alt. of Anapaestic
Anapaestic	Same as Anapest, Anapestic.
Anapest	A metrical foot consisting of three syllables, the first two short, or unaccented, the last long, or accented (/ / -); the reverse of the dactyl. In Latin d/-/-tas, and in English in-ter-vene#, are examples of anapests.
Anapest	A verse composed of such feet.
Anapestic	Pertaining to an anapest; consisting of an anapests; as, an anapestic meter, foot, verse.
Anapestic	Anapestic measure or verse.
Anapestical	Anapestic.
Anaphora	A repetition of a word or of words at the beginning of two or more successive clauses.
Anaphrodisia	Absence of sexual appetite.
Anaphrodisiac	Same as Antaphrodisiac.
Anaphroditic	Produced without concourse of sexes.
Anaplastic	Of or pertaining to anaplasty.
Anaplasty	The art of operation of restoring lost parts or the normal shape by the use of healthy tissue.
Anaplerotic	Filling up; promoting granulation of wounds or ulcers.
Anaplerotic	A remedy which promotes such granulation.
Anapnograph	A form of spirometer.
Anapnoic	Relating to respiration.
Anapodeictic	Not apodeictic; undemonstrable.
Anapophysis	An accessory process in many lumbar vertebrae.
Anaptotic	Having lost, or tending to lose, inflections by phonetic decay; as, anaptotic languages.
Anaptichi	of Anaptychus
Anaptychus	One of a pair of shelly plates found in some cephalopods, as the ammonites.
Anarch	The author of anarchy; one who excites revolt.
Anarchal	Lawless; anarchical.
Anarchic	Alt. of Anarchical
Anarchical	Pertaining to anarchy; without rule or government; in political confusion; tending to produce anarchy; as, anarchic despotism; anarchical opinions.
Anarchism	The doctrine or practice of anarchists.
Anarchist	An anarch; one who advocates anarchy of aims at the overthrow of civil government.
Anarchize	To reduce to anarchy.
Anarchy	Absence of government; the state of society where there is no law or supreme power; a state of lawlessness; political confusion.
Anarchy	Hence, confusion or disorder, in general.
Anarthropoda	One of the divisions of Articulata in which there are no jointed legs, as the annelids; -- opposed to Arthropoda.
Anarthropodous	Having no jointed legs; pertaining to Anarthropoda.
Anarthrous	Used without the article; as, an anarthrous substantive.
Anarthrous	Without joints, or having the joints indistinct, as some insects.
Anas	A genus of water fowls, of the order Anseres, including certain species of fresh-water ducks.
Anasarca	Dropsy of the subcutaneous cellular tissue; an effusion of serum into the cellular substance, occasioning a soft, pale, inelastic swelling of the skin.
Anasarcous	Belonging, or affected by, anasarca, or dropsy; dropsical.
Anastaltic	Styptic.
Anastate	One of a series of substances formed, in secreting cells, by constructive or anabolic processes, in the production of protoplasm; -- opposed to katastate.
Anastatic	Pertaining to a process or a style of printing from characters in relief on zinc plates.
Anastomozed	of Anastomose
Anastomosing	of Anastomose
Anastomose	To inosculate; to intercommunicate by anastomosis, as the arteries and veins.
Anastomoses	of Anastomosis
Anastomosis	The inosculation of vessels, or intercommunication between two or more vessels or nerves, as the cross communication between arteries or veins.
Anastomotic	Of or pertaining to anastomosis.
Anastrophe	An inversion of the natural order of words; as, echoed the hills, for, the hills echoed.
Anathemas	of Anathema
Anathema	A ban or curse pronounced with religious solemnity by ecclesiastical authority, and accompanied by excommunication. Hence: Denunciation of anything as accursed.
Anathema	An imprecation; a curse; a malediction.
Anathema	Any person or thing anathematized, or cursed by ecclesiastical authority.
Anathematic	Alt. of Anathematical
Anathematical	Pertaining to, or having the nature of, an anathema.
Anathematism	Anathematization.
Anathematization	The act of anathematizing, or denouncing as accursed; imprecation.
Anathematized	of Anathematize
Anathematizing	of Anathematize
Anathematize	To pronounce an anathema against; to curse. Hence: To condemn publicly as something accursed.
Anathematizer	One who pronounces an anathema.
Anatifae	of Anatifa
Anatifa	An animal of the barnacle tribe, of the genus Lepas, having a fleshy stem or peduncle; a goose barnacle. See Cirripedia.
Anatifer	Same as Anatifa.
Anatiferous	Producing ducks; -- applied to Anatifae, under the absurd notion of their turning into ducks or geese. See Barnacle.
Anatine	Of or pertaining to the ducks; ducklike.
Anatocism	Compound interest.
Anatomic	Alt. of Anatomical
Anatomical	Of or relating to anatomy or dissection; as, the anatomic art; anatomical observations.
Anatomically	In an anatomical manner; by means of dissection.
Anatomism	The application of the principles of anatomy, as in art.
Anatomism	The doctrine that the anatomical structure explains all the phenomena of the organism or of animal life.
Anatomist	One who is skilled in the art of anatomy, or dissection.
Anatomization	The act of anatomizing.
Anatomized	of Anatomize
Anatomizing	of Anatomize
Anatomize	To dissect; to cut in pieces, as an animal vegetable body, for the purpose of displaying or examining the structure and use of the several parts.
Anatomize	To discriminate minutely or carefully; to analyze.
Anatomizer	A dissector.
Anatomies	of Anatomy
Anatomy	The art of dissecting, or artificially separating the different parts of any organized body, to discover their situation, structure, and economy; dissection.
Anatomy	The science which treats of the structure of organic bodies; anatomical structure or organization.
Anatomy	A treatise or book on anatomy.
Anatomy	The act of dividing anything, corporeal or intellectual, for the purpose of examining its parts; analysis; as, the anatomy of a discourse.
Anatomy	A skeleton; anything anatomized or dissected, or which has the appearance of being so.
Anatreptic	Overthrowing; defeating; -- applied to Plato's refutative dialogues.
Anatron	Native carbonate of soda; natron.
Anatron	Glass gall or sandiver.
Anatron	Saltpeter.
Anatropal	Alt. of Anatropous
Anatropous	Having the ovule inverted at an early period in its development, so that the chalaza is as the apparent apex; -- opposed to orthotropous.
Anatto	Same as Annotto.
Anbury	Alt. of Ambury
Ambury	A soft tumor or bloody wart on horses or oxen.
Ambury	A disease of the roots of turnips, etc.; -- called also fingers and toes.
-ance	A suffix signifying action; also, quality or state; as, assistance, resistance, appearance, elegance. See -ancy.
Ancestor	One from whom a person is descended, whether on the father's or mother's side, at any distance of time; a progenitor; a fore father.
Ancestor	An earlier type; a progenitor; as, this fossil animal is regarded as the ancestor of the horse.
Ancestor	One from whom an estate has descended; -- the correlative of heir.
Ancestorial	Ancestral.
Ancestorially	With regard to ancestors.
Ancestral	Of, pertaining to, derived from, or possessed by, an ancestor or ancestors; as, an ancestral estate.
Ancestress	A female ancestor.
Ancestry	Condition as to ancestors; ancestral lineage; hence, birth or honorable descent.
Ancestry	A series of ancestors or progenitors; lineage, or those who compose the line of natural descent.
Anchor	A iron instrument which is attached to a ship by a cable (rope or chain), and which, being cast overboard, lays hold of the earth by a fluke or hook and thus retains the ship in a particular station.
Anchor	Any instrument or contrivance serving a purpose like that of a ship's anchor, as an arrangement of timber to hold a dam fast; a contrivance to hold the end of a bridge cable, or other similar part; a contrivance used by founders to hold the core of a mold in place.
Anchor	Fig.: That which gives stability or security; that on which we place dependence for safety.
Anchor	An emblem of hope.
Anchor	A metal tie holding adjoining parts of a building together.
Anchor	Carved work, somewhat resembling an anchor or arrowhead; -- a part of the ornaments of certain moldings. It is seen in the echinus, or egg-and-anchor (called also egg-and-dart, egg-and-tongue) ornament.
Anchor	One of the anchor-shaped spicules of certain sponges; also, one of the calcareous spinules of certain Holothurians, as in species of Synapta.
Anchored	of Anchor
Anchoring	of Anchor
Anchor	To place at anchor; to secure by an anchor; as, to anchor a ship.
Anchor	To fix or fasten; to fix in a stable condition; as, to anchor the cables of a suspension bridge.
Anchor	To cast anchor; to come to anchor; as, our ship (or the captain) anchored in the stream.
Anchor	To stop; to fix or rest.
Anchor	An anchoret.
Anchorable	Fit for anchorage.
Anchorage	The act of anchoring, or the condition of lying at anchor.
Anchorage	A place suitable for anchoring or where ships anchor; a hold for an anchor.
Anchorage	The set of anchors belonging to a ship.
Anchorage	Something which holds like an anchor; a hold; as, the anchorages of the Brooklyn Bridge.
Anchorage	Something on which one may depend for security; ground of trust.
Anchorage	A toll for anchoring; anchorage duties.
Anchorage	Abode of an anchoret.
Anchorate	Anchor-shaped.
Anchored	Held by an anchor; at anchor; held safely; as, an anchored bark; also, shaped like an anchor; forked; as, an anchored tongue.
Anchored	Having the extremities turned back, like the flukes of an anchor; as, an anchored cross.
Anchoress	A female anchoret.
Anchoret	Alt. of Anchorite
Anchorite	One who renounces the world and secludes himself, usually for religious reasons; a hermit; a recluse.
Anchoretic	Alt. of Anchoretical
Anchoretical	Pertaining to an anchoret or hermit; after the manner of an anchoret.
Anchoretish	Hermitlike.
Anchoretism	The practice or mode of life of an anchoret.
Anchor-hold	The hold or grip of an anchor, or that to which it holds.
Anchor-hold	Hence: Firm hold: security.
Anchorite	Same as Anchoret.
Anchoritess	An anchoress.
Anchorless	Without an anchor or stay. Hence: Drifting; unsettled.
Anchovy	A small fish, about three inches in length, of the Herring family (Engraulis encrasicholus), caught in vast numbers in the Mediterranean, and pickled for exportation. The name is also applied to several allied species.
Anchovy pear	A West Indian fruit like the mango in taste, sometimes pickled; also, the tree (Grias cauliflora) bearing this fruit.
Anchusin	A resinoid coloring matter obtained from alkanet root.
Anchylosed	of Anchylose
Anchylosing	of Anchylose
Anchylose	To affect or be affected with anchylosis; to unite or consolidate so as to make a stiff joint; to grow together into one.
Anchylosis	Alt. of Ankylosis
Ankylosis	Stiffness or fixation of a joint; formation of a stiff joint.
Ankylosis	The union of two or more separate bones to from a single bone; the close union of bones or other structures in various animals.
Anchylotic	Of or pertaining to anchylosis.
Ancient	Old; that happened or existed in former times, usually at a great distance of time; belonging to times long past; specifically applied to the times before the fall of the Roman empire; -- opposed to modern; as, ancient authors, literature, history; ancient days.
Ancient	Old; that has been of long duration; of long standing; of great age; as, an ancient forest; an ancient castle.
Ancient	Known for a long time, or from early times; -- opposed to recent or new; as, the ancient continent.
Ancient	Dignified, like an aged man; magisterial; venerable.
Ancient	Experienced; versed.
Ancient	Former; sometime.
Ancient	Those who lived in former ages, as opposed to the moderns.
Ancient	An aged man; a patriarch. Hence: A governor; a ruler; a person of influence.
Ancient	A senior; an elder; a predecessor.
Ancient	One of the senior members of the Inns of Court or of Chancery.
Ancient	An ensign or flag.
Ancient	The bearer of a flag; an ensign.
Anciently	In ancient times.
Anciently	In an ancient manner.
Ancientness	The quality of being ancient; antiquity; existence from old times.
Ancientry	Antiquity; what is ancient.
Ancientry	Old age; also, old people.
Ancientry	Ancient lineage; ancestry; dignity of birth.
Ancienty	Age; antiquity.
Ancienty	Seniority.
Ancile	The sacred shield of the Romans, said to have-fallen from heaven in the reign of Numa. It was the palladium of Rome.
Ancillary	Subservient or subordinate, like a handmaid; auxiliary.
Ancille	A maidservant; a handmaid.
Ancipital	Alt. of Ancipitous
Ancipitous	Two-edged instead of round; -- said of certain flattened stems, as those of blue grass, and rarely also of leaves.
Ancistroid	Hook-shaped.
Ancle	See Ankle.
Ancome	A small ulcerous swelling, coming suddenly; also, a whitlow.
Ancones	of Ancon
Ancon	The olecranon, or the elbow.
Ancon	Alt. of Ancone
Ancone	The corner or quoin of a wall, cross-beam, or rafter.
Ancone	A bracket supporting a cornice; a console.
Anconal	Alt. of Anconeal
Anconeal	Of or pertaining to the ancon or elbow.
Anconeus	A muscle of the elbow and forearm.
Anconoid	Elbowlike; anconal.
Ancony	A piece of malleable iron, wrought into the shape of a bar in the middle, but unwrought at the ends.
-ancy	A suffix expressing more strongly than -ance the idea of quality or state; as, constancy, buoyancy, infancy.
And	A particle which expresses the relation of connection or addition. It is used to conjoin a word with a word, a clause with a clause, or a sentence with a sentence.
And	In order to; -- used instead of the infinitival to, especially after try, come, go.
And	It is sometimes, in old songs, a mere expletive.
And	If; though. See An, conj.
Andabatism	Doubt; uncertainty.
Andalusite	A silicate of aluminium, occurring usually in thick rhombic prisms, nearly square, of a grayish or pale reddish tint. It was first discovered in Andalusia, Spain.
Andante	Moving moderately slow, but distinct and flowing; quicker than larghetto, and slower than allegretto.
Andante	A movement or piece in andante time.
Andantino	Rather quicker than andante; between that allegretto.
Andarac	Red orpiment.
Andean	Pertaining to the Andes.
Andesine	A kind of triclinic feldspar found in the Andes.
Andesite	An eruptive rock allied to trachyte, consisting essentially of a triclinic feldspar, with pyroxene, hornblende, or hypersthene.
Andine	Andean; as, Andine flora.
Andiron	A utensil for supporting wood when burning in a fireplace, one being placed on each side; a firedog; as, a pair of andirons.
Andranatomy	The dissection of a human body, especially of a male; androtomy.
Androecium	The stamens of a flower taken collectively.
Androgyne	An hermaphrodite.
Androgyne	An androgynous plant.
Androgynous	Alt. of Androgynal
Androgynal	Uniting both sexes in one, or having the characteristics of both; being in nature both male and female; hermaphroditic.
Androgynal	Bearing both staminiferous and pistilliferous flowers in the same cluster.
Androgyny	Alt. of Androgynism
Androgynism	Union of both sexes in one individual; hermaphroditism.
Android	Alt. of Androides
Androides	A machine or automaton in the form of a human being.
Android	Resembling a man.
Andromeda	A northern constellation, supposed to represent the mythical Andromeda.
Andromeda	A genus of ericaceous flowering plants of northern climates, of which the original species was found growing on a rock surrounded by water.
Andron	The apartment appropriated for the males. This was in the lower part of the house.
Andropetalous	Produced by the conversion of the stamens into petals, as double flowers, like the garden ranunculus.
Androphagi	Cannibals; man-eaters; anthropophagi.
Androphagous	Anthropophagous.
Androphore	A support or column on which stamens are raised.
Androphore	The part which in some Siphonophora bears the male gonophores.
Androsphinx	A man sphinx; a sphinx having the head of a man and the body of a lion.
Androspore	A spore of some algae, which has male functions.
Androtomous	Having the filaments of the stamens divided into two parts.
Androtomy	Dissection of the human body, as distinguished from zootomy; anthropotomy.
androus	A terminal combining form: Having a stamen or stamens; staminate; as, monandrous, with one stamen; polyandrous, with many stamens.
Anear	Near.
Anear	To near; to approach.
Aneath	Beneath.
Anecdotage	Anecdotes collectively; a collection of anecdotes.
Anecdotal	Pertaining to, or abounding with, anecdotes; as, anecdotal conversation.
Anecdote	Unpublished narratives.
Anecdote	A particular or detached incident or fact of an interesting nature; a biographical incident or fragment; a single passage of private life.
Anecdotic	Alt. of Anecdotical
Anecdotical	Pertaining to, consisting of, or addicted to, anecdotes.
Anecdotist	One who relates or collects anecdotes.
Anelace	Same as Anlace.
Anele	To anoint.
Anele	To give extreme unction to.
Anelectric	Not becoming electrified by friction; -- opposed to idioelectric.
Anelectric	A substance incapable of being electrified by friction.
Anelectrode	The positive pole of a voltaic battery.
Anelectrotonus	The condition of decreased irritability of a nerve in the region of the positive electrode or anode on the passage of a current of electricity through it.
Anemogram	A record made by an anemograph.
Anemograph	An instrument for measuring and recording the direction and force of the wind.
Anemographic	Produced by an anemograph; of or pertaining to anemography.
Anemography	A description of the winds.
Anemography	The art of recording the direction and force of the wind, as by means of an anemograph.
Anemology	The science of the wind.
Anemometer	An instrument for measuring the force or velocity of the wind; a wind gauge.
Anemometric	Alt. of Anemometrical
Anemometrical	Of or pertaining to anemometry.
Anemometrograph	An anemograph.
Anemometry	The act or process of ascertaining the force or velocity of the wind.
Anemone	A genus of plants of the Ranunculus or Crowfoot family; windflower. Some of the species are cultivated in gardens.
Anemone	The sea anemone. See Actinia, and Sea anemone.
Anemonic	An acrid, poisonous, crystallizable substance, obtained from, the anemone, or from anemonin.
Anemonin	An acrid, poisonous, crystallizable substance, obtained from some species of anemone.
Anemony	See Anemone.
Anemorphilous	Fertilized by the agency of the wind; -- said of plants in which the pollen is carried to the stigma by the wind; wind-Fertilized.
Anemoscope	An instrument which shows the direction of the wind; a wind vane; a weathercock; -- usually applied to a contrivance consisting of a vane above, connected in the building with a dial or index with pointers to show the changes of the wind.
Anencephalic	Alt. of Anencephalous
Anencephalous	Without a brain; brainless.
Anenst	Alt. of Anent
Anent	Over against; as, he lives anent the church.
Anent	About; concerning; in respect; as, he said nothing anent this particular.
Anenterous	Destitute of a stomach or an intestine.
Aneroid	Containing no liquid; -- said of a kind of barometer.
Aneroid	An aneroid barometer.
Anes	Once.
Anesthesia	Alt. of Anesthetic
Anesthetic	Same as Anaesthesia, Anaesthetic.
Anet	The herb dill, or dillseed.
Anethol	A substance obtained from the volatile oils of anise, fennel, etc., in the form of soft shining scales; -- called also anise camphor.
Anetic	Soothing.
Aneurism	A soft, pulsating, hollow tumor, containing blood, arising from the preternatural dilation or rupture of the coats of an artery.
Aneurismal	Of or pertaining to an aneurism; as, an aneurismal tumor; aneurismal diathesis.
Anew	Over again; another time; in a new form; afresh; as, to arm anew; to create anew.
Anfractuose	Anfractuous; as, anfractuose anthers.
Anfractuosities	of Anfractuosity
Anfractuosity	A state of being anfractuous, or full of windings and turnings; sinuosity.
Anfractuosity	A sinuous depression or sulcus like those separating the convolutions of the brain.
Anfractuous	Winding; full of windings and turnings; sinuous; tortuous; as, the anfractuous spires of a born.
Anfracture	A mazy winding.
Angariation	Exaction of forced service; compulsion.
Angeiology	Alt. of Angeiotomy
Angeiotomy	Same as Angiology, Angiotomy, etc.
Angel	A messenger.
Angel	A spiritual, celestial being, superior to man in power and intelligence. In the Scriptures the angels appear as God's messengers.
Angel	One of a class of "fallen angels;" an evil spirit; as, the devil and his angels.
Angel	A minister or pastor of a church, as in the Seven Asiatic churches.
Angel	Attendant spirit; genius; demon.
Angel	An appellation given to a person supposed to be of angelic goodness or loveliness; a darling.
Angel	An ancient gold coin of England, bearing the figure of the archangel Michael. It varied in value from 6s. 8d. to 10s.
Angelage	Existence or state of angels.
Angelet	A small gold coin formerly current in England; a half angel.
Angel fish	See under Angel.
Angelhood	The state of being an angel; angelic nature.
Angelic	Alt. of Angelical
Angelical	Belonging to, or proceeding from, angels; resembling, characteristic of, or partaking of the nature of, an angel; heavenly; divine.
Angelic	Of or derived from angelica; as, angelic acid; angelic ether.
Angelica	An aromatic umbelliferous plant (Archangelica officinalis or Angelica archangelica) the leaf stalks of which are sometimes candied and used in confectionery, and the roots and seeds as an aromatic tonic.
Angelica	The candied leaf stalks of angelica.
Angelically	Like an angel.
Angelicalness	The quality of being angelic; excellence more than human.
Angelify	To make like an angel; to angelize.
Angelize	To raise to the state of an angel; to render angelic.
Angellike	Resembling an angel.
Angelolatry	Worship paid to angels.
Angelology	A discourse on angels, or a body of doctrines in regard to angels.
Angelophany	The actual appearance of an angel to man.
Angelot	A French gold coin of the reign of Louis XI., bearing the image of St. Michael; also, a piece coined at Paris by the English under Henry VI.
Angelot	An instrument of music, of the lute kind, now disused.
Angelot	A sort of small, rich cheese, made in Normandy.
Angelus	A form of devotion in which three Ave Marias are repeated. It is said at morning, noon, and evening, at the sound of a bell.
Angelus	The Angelus bell.
Anger	Trouble; vexation; also, physical pain or smart of a sore, etc.
Anger	A strong passion or emotion of displeasure or antagonism, excited by a real or supposed injury or insult to one's self or others, or by the intent to do such injury.
Angered	of Anger
Angering	of Anger
Anger	To make painful; to cause to smart; to inflame.
Anger	To excite to anger; to enrage; to provoke.
Angerly	Angrily.
Angevine	Of or pertaining to Anjou in France.
Angevine	A native of Anjou.
Angienchyma	Vascular tissue of plants, consisting of spiral vessels, dotted, barred, and pitted ducts, and laticiferous vessels.
Angina	Any inflammatory affection of the throat or faces, as the quinsy, malignant sore throat, croup, etc., especially such as tends to produce suffocation, choking, or shortness of breath.
Anginous	Alt. of Anginose
Anginose	Pertaining to angina or angina pectoris.
Angio-	A prefix, or combining form, in numerous compounds, usually relating to seed or blood vessels, or to something contained in, or covered by, a vessel.
Angiocarpous	Having fruit inclosed within a covering that does not form a part of itself; as, the filbert covered by its husk, or the acorn seated in its cupule.
Angiocarpous	Having the seeds or spores covered, as in certain lichens.
Angiography	A description of blood vessels and lymphatics.
Angiology	That part of anatomy which treats of blood vessels and lymphatics.
Angioma	A tumor composed chiefly of dilated blood vessels.
Angiomonospermous	Producing one seed only in a seed pod.
Angioscope	An instrument for examining the capillary vessels of animals and plants.
Angiosperm	A plant which has its seeds inclosed in a pericarp.
Angiospermatous	Same as Angiospermous.
Angiospermous	Having seeds inclosed in a pod or other pericarp.
Angiosporous	Having spores contained in cells or thecae, as in the case of some fungi.
Angiostomous	With a narrow mouth, as the shell of certain gastropods.
Angiotomy	Dissection of the blood vessels and lymphatics of the body.
Angle	The inclosed space near the point where two lines meet; a corner; a nook.
Angle	The figure made by. two lines which meet.
Angle	The difference of direction of two lines. In the lines meet, the point of meeting is the vertex of the angle.
Angle	A projecting or sharp corner; an angular fragment.
Angle	A name given to four of the twelve astrological "houses."
Angle	A fishhook; tackle for catching fish, consisting of a line, hook, and bait, with or without a rod.
Angled	of Angle
Angling	of Angle
Angle	To fish with an angle (fishhook), or with hook and line.
Angle	To use some bait or artifice; to intrigue; to scheme; as, to angle for praise.
Angle	To try to gain by some insinuating artifice; to allure.
Angled	Having an angle or angles; -- used in compounds; as, right-angled, many-angled, etc.
Anglemeter	An instrument to measure angles, esp. one used by geologists to measure the dip of strata.
Angler	One who angles.
Angler	A fish (Lophius piscatorius), of Europe and America, having a large, broad, and depressed head, with the mouth very large. Peculiar appendages on the head are said to be used to entice fishes within reach. Called also fishing frog, frogfish, toadfish, goosefish, allmouth, monkfish, etc.
Angles	An ancient Low German tribe, that settled in Britain, which came to be called Engla-land (Angleland or England). The Angles probably came from the district of Angeln (now within the limits of Schleswig), and the country now Lower Hanover, etc.
Anglesite	A native sulphate of lead. It occurs in white or yellowish transparent, prismatic crystals.
Anglewise	In an angular manner; angularly.
Angleworm	A earthworm of the genus Lumbricus, frequently used by anglers for bait. See Earthworm.
Anglian	Of or pertaining to the Angles.
Anglian	One of the Angles.
Anglic	Anglian.
Anglican	English; of or pertaining to England or the English nation; especially, pertaining to, or connected with, the established church of England; as, the Anglican church, doctrine, orders, ritual, etc.
Anglican	Pertaining to, characteristic of, or held by, the high church party of the Church of England.
Anglican	A member of the Church of England.
Anglican	In a restricted sense, a member of the High Church party, or of the more advanced ritualistic section, in the Church of England.
Anglicanism	Strong partiality to the principles and rites of the Church of England.
Anglicanism	The principles of the established church of England; also, in a restricted sense, the doctrines held by the high-church party.
Anglicanism	Attachment to England or English institutions.
Anglice	In English; in the English manner; as, Livorno, Anglice Leghorn.
Anglicify	To anglicize.
Anglicism	An English idiom; a phrase or form language peculiar to the English.
Anglicism	The quality of being English; an English characteristic, custom, or method.
Anglicity	The state or quality of being English.
Anglicization	The act of anglicizing, or making English in character.
Anglicized	of Anglicize
Anglicizing	of Anglicize
Anglicize	To make English; to English; to anglify; render conformable to the English idiom, or to English analogies.
Anglified	of Anglify
Anglifying	of Anglify
Anglify	To convert into English; to anglicize.
Angling	The act of one who angles; the art of fishing with rod and line.
Anglo-	A combining form meaning the same as English; or English and, or English conjoined with; as, Anglo-Turkish treaty, Anglo-German, Anglo-Irish.
Anglo-Catholic	Of or pertaining to a church modeled on the English Reformation; Anglican; -- sometimes restricted to the ritualistic or High Church section of the Church of England.
Anglo-Catholic	A member of the Church of England who contends for its catholic character; more specifically, a High Churchman.
Anglomania	A mania for, or an inordinate attachment to, English customs, institutions, etc.
Anglomaniac	One affected with Anglomania.
Anglophobia	Intense dread of, or aversion to, England or the English.
Anglo-Saxon	A Saxon of Britain, that is, an English Saxon, or one the Saxons who settled in England, as distinguished from a continental (or "Old") Saxon.
Anglo-Saxon	The Teutonic people (Angles, Saxons, Jutes) of England, or the English people, collectively, before the Norman Conquest.
Anglo-Saxon	The language of the English people before the Conquest (sometimes called Old English). See Saxon.
Anglo-Saxon	One of the race or people who claim descent from the Saxons, Angles, or other Teutonic tribes who settled in England; a person of English descent in its broadest sense.
Anglo-Saxon	Of or pertaining to the Anglo-Saxons or their language.
Anglo-Saxondom	The Anglo-Saxon domain (i. e., Great Britain and the United States, etc.); the Anglo-Saxon race.
Anglo-Saxonism	A characteristic of the Anglo-Saxon race; especially, a word or an idiom of the Anglo-Saxon tongue.
Anglo-Saxonism	The quality or sentiment of being Anglo-Saxon, or English in its ethnological sense.
Angola	A fabric made from the wool of the Angora goat.
Angola pea	A tropical plant (Cajanus indicus) and its edible seed, a kind of pulse; -- so called from Angola in Western Africa. Called also pigeon pea and Congo pea.
Angor	Great anxiety accompanied by painful constriction at the upper part of the belly, often with palpitation and oppression.
Angora	A city of Asia Minor (or Anatolia) which has given its name to a goat, a cat, etc.
Angostura bark	An aromatic bark used as a tonic, obtained from a South American of the rue family (Galipea cusparia, / officinalis).
Angoumois moth	A small moth (Gelechia cerealella) which is very destructive to wheat and other grain. The larva eats out the interior of the grain, leaving only the shell.
Angrily	In an angry manner; under the influence of anger.
Angriness	The quality of being angry, or of being inclined to anger.
Angry	Troublesome; vexatious; rigorous.
Angry	Inflamed and painful, as a sore.
Angry	Touched with anger; under the emotion of anger; feeling resentment; enraged; -- followed generally by with before a person, and at before a thing.
Angry	Showing anger; proceeding from anger; acting as if moved by anger; wearing the marks of anger; as, angry words or tones; an angry sky; angry waves.
Angry	Red.
Angry	Sharp; keen; stimulated.
Anguiform	Snake-shaped.
Anguilliform	Eel-shaped.
Anguine	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a snake or serpent.
Anguineal	Anguineous.
Anguineous	Snakelike.
Anguish	Extreme pain, either of body or mind; excruciating distress.
Anguish	To distress with extreme pain or grief.
Angular	Relating to an angle or to angles; having an angle or angles; forming an angle or corner; sharp-cornered; pointed; as, an angular figure.
Angular	Measured by an angle; as, angular distance.
Angular	Fig.: Lean; lank; raw-boned; ungraceful; sharp and stiff in character; as, remarkably angular in his habits and appearance; an angular female.
Angular	A bone in the base of the lower jaw of many birds, reptiles, and fishes.
Angularity	The quality or state of being angular; angularness.
Angularly	In an angular manner; with of at angles or corners.
Angularness	The quality of being angular.
Angulate	Alt. of Angulated
Angulated	Having angles or corners; angled; as, angulate leaves.
Angulate	To make angular.
Angulation	A making angular; angular formation.
Angulo-dentate	Angularly toothed, as certain leaves.
Angulometer	An instrument for measuring external angles.
Angulose	Angulous.
Angulosity	A state of being angulous or angular.
Angulous	Angular; having corners; hooked.
Angust	Narrow; strait.
Angustate	Narrowed.
Angustation	The act of making narrow; a straitening or contacting.
Angustifoliate	Alt. of Angustifolious
Angustifolious	Having narrow leaves.
Angustura bark	See Angostura bark.
Angwantibo	A small lemuroid mammal (Arctocebus Calabarensis) of Africa. It has only a rudimentary tail.
Anhang	To hang.
Anharmonic	Not harmonic.
Anhelation	Short and rapid breathing; a panting; asthma.
Anhele	To pant; to be breathlessly anxious or eager (for).
Anhelose	Anhelous; panting.
Anhelous	Short of breath; panting.
Anhima	A South American aquatic bird; the horned screamer or kamichi (Palamedea cornuta). See Kamichi.
Anhinga	An aquatic bird of the southern United States (Platus anhinga); the darter, or snakebird.
Anhistous	Without definite structure; as, an anhistous membrane.
Anhungered	Ahungered; longing.
Anhydride	An oxide of a nonmetallic body or an organic radical, capable of forming an acid by uniting with the elements of water; -- so called because it may be formed from an acid by the abstraction of water.
Anhydrite	A mineral of a white or a slightly bluish color, usually massive. It is anhydrous sulphate of lime, and differs from gypsum in not containing water (whence the name).
Anhydrous	Destitute of water; as, anhydrous salts or acids.
Ani	Alt. of Ano
Ano	A black bird of tropical America, the West Indies and Florida (Crotophaga ani), allied to the cuckoos, and remarkable for communistic nesting.
Anicut	Alt. of Annicut
Annicut	A dam or mole made in the course of a stream for the purpose of regulating the flow of a system of irrigation.
Anidiomatical	Not idiomatic.
Anient	Alt. of Anientise
Anientise	To frustrate; to bring to naught; to annihilate.
Anigh	Nigh.
Anight	Alt. of Anights
Anights	In the night time; at night.
Anil	A West Indian plant (Indigofera anil), one of the original sources of indigo; also, the indigo dye.
Anile	Old-womanish; imbecile.
Anileness	Anility.
Anilic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, anil; indigotic; -- applied to an acid formed by the action of nitric acid on indigo.
Anilide	One of a class of compounds which may be regarded as amides in which more or less of the hydrogen has been replaced by phenyl.
Aniline	An organic base belonging to the phenylamines. It may be regarded as ammonia in which one hydrogen atom has been replaced by the radical phenyl. It is a colorless, oily liquid, originally obtained from indigo by distillation, but now largely manufactured from coal tar or nitrobenzene as a base from which many brilliant dyes are made.
Aniline	Made from, or of the nature of, aniline.
Anility	The state of being and old woman; old-womanishness; dotage.
Animadversal	The faculty of perceiving; a percipient.
Animadversion	The act or power of perceiving or taking notice; direct or simple perception.
Animadversion	Monition; warning.
Animadversion	Remarks by way of criticism and usually of censure; adverse criticism; reproof; blame.
Animadversion	Judicial cognizance of an offense; chastisement; punishment.
Animadversive	Having the power of perceiving; percipient.
Animadverted	of Animadvert
Animadverting	of Animadvert
Animadvert	To take notice; to observe; -- commonly followed by that.
Animadvert	To consider or remark by way of criticism or censure; to express censure; -- with on or upon.
Animadvert	To take cognizance judicially; to inflict punishment.
Animadverter	One who animadverts; a censurer; also [Obs.], a chastiser.
Animal	An organized living being endowed with sensation and the power of voluntary motion, and also characterized by taking its food into an internal cavity or stomach for digestion; by giving carbonic acid to the air and taking oxygen in the process of respiration; and by increasing in motive power or active aggressive force with progress to maturity.
Animal	One of the lower animals; a brute or beast, as distinguished from man; as, men and animals.
Animal	Of or relating to animals; as, animal functions.
Animal	Pertaining to the merely sentient part of a creature, as distinguished from the intellectual, rational, or spiritual part; as, the animal passions or appetites.
Animal	Consisting of the flesh of animals; as, animal food.
Animalcular	Alt. of Animalculine
Animalculine	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, animalcules.
Animalcule	A small animal, as a fly, spider, etc.
Animalcule	An animal, invisible, or nearly so, to the naked eye. See Infusoria.
Animalculism	The theory which seeks to explain certain physiological and pathological phenomena by means of animalcules.
Animalculist	One versed in the knowledge of animalcules.
Animalculist	A believer in the theory of animalculism.
Animalcula	of Animalculum
Animalculum	An animalcule.
Animalish	Like an animal.
Animalism	The state, activity, or enjoyment of animals; mere animal life without intellectual or moral qualities; sensuality.
Animality	Animal existence or nature.
Animalization	The act of animalizing; the giving of animal life, or endowing with animal properties.
Animalization	Conversion into animal matter by the process of assimilation.
Animalized	of Animalize
Animalizing	of Animalize
Animalize	To endow with the properties of an animal; to represent in animal form.
Animalize	To convert into animal matter by the processes of assimilation.
Animalize	To render animal or sentient; to reduce to the state of a lower animal; to sensualize.
Animally	Physically.
Animalness	Animality.
Animastic	Pertaining to mind or spirit; spiritual.
Animastic	Psychology.
Animated	of Animate
Animating	of Animate
Animate	To give natural life to; to make alive; to quicken; as, the soul animates the body.
Animate	To give powers to, or to heighten the powers or effect of; as, to animate a lyre.
Animate	To give spirit or vigor to; to stimulate or incite; to inspirit; to rouse; to enliven.
Animate	Endowed with life; alive; living; animated; lively.
Animated	Endowed with life; full of life or spirit; indicating animation; lively; vigorous.
Animatedly	With animation.
Animater	One who animates.
Animating	Causing animation; life-giving; inspiriting; rousing.
Animation	The act of animating, or giving life or spirit; the state of being animate or alive.
Animation	The state of being lively, brisk, or full of spirit and vigor; vivacity; spiritedness; as, he recited the story with great animation.
Animative	Having the power of giving life or spirit.
Animator	One who, or that which, animates; an animater.
Anime	Of a different tincture from the animal itself; -- said of the eyes of a rapacious animal.
Anime	A resin exuding from a tropical American tree (Hymenaea courbaril), and much used by varnish makers.
Animism	The doctrine, taught by Stahl, that the soul is the proper principle of life and development in the body.
Animism	The belief that inanimate objects and the phenomena of nature are endowed with personal life or a living soul; also, in an extended sense, the belief in the existence of soul or spirit apart from matter.
Animist	One who maintains the doctrine of animism.
Animistic	Of or pertaining to animism.
Animose	Alt. of Animous
Animous	Full of spirit; hot; vehement; resolute.
Animoseness	Vehemence of temper.
Animosities	of Animosity
Animosity	Mere spiritedness or courage.
Animosity	Violent hatred leading to active opposition; active enmity; energetic dislike.
Animi	of Animus
Animus	Animating spirit; intention; temper.
Anion	An electro-negative element, or the element which, in electro-chemical decompositions, is evolved at the anode; -- opposed to cation.
Anise	An umbelliferous plant (Pimpinella anisum) growing naturally in Egypt, and cultivated in Spain, Malta, etc., for its carminative and aromatic seeds.
Anise	The fruit or seeds of this plant.
Aniseed	The seed of the anise; also, a cordial prepared from it.
Anisette	A French cordial or liqueur flavored with anise seeds.
Anisic	Of or derived from anise; as, anisic acid; anisic alcohol.
Anisodactyla	Alt. of Anisodactyls
Anisodactyls	A group of herbivorous mammals characterized by having the hoofs in a single series around the foot, as the elephant, rhinoceros, etc.
Anisodactyls	A group of perching birds which are anisodactylous.
Anisodactylous	Characterized by unequal toes, three turned forward and one backward, as in most passerine birds.
Anisomeric	Not isomeric; not made of the same components in the same proportions.
Anisomerous	Having the number of floral organs unequal, as four petals and six stamens.
Anisometric	Not isometric; having unsymmetrical parts; -- said of crystals with three unequal axes.
Anisopetalous	Having unequal petals.
Anisophyllous	Having unequal leaves.
Anisopleura	A primary division of gastropods, including those having spiral shells. The two sides of the body are unequally developed.
Anisopoda	A division of Crustacea, which, in some its characteristics, is intermediate between Amphipoda and Isopoda.
Anisostemonous	Having unequal stamens; having stamens different in number from the petals.
Anisosthenic	Of unequal strength.
Anisotrope	Alt. of Anisotropic
Anisotropic	Not isotropic; having different properties in different directions; thus, crystals of the isometric system are optically isotropic, but all other crystals are anisotropic.
Anisotropous	Anisotropic.
Anker	A liquid measure in various countries of Europe. The Dutch anker, formerly also used in England, contained about 10 of the old wine gallons, or 8/ imperial gallons.
Ankerite	A mineral closely related to dolomite, but containing iron.
Ankle	The joint which connects the foot with the leg; the tarsus.
Ankled	Having ankles; -- used in composition; as, well-ankled.
Anklet	An ornament or a fetter for the ankle; an ankle ring.
Ankylose	Same as Anchylose.
Ankylosis	Same as Anchylosis.
Anlace	A broad dagger formerly worn at the girdle.
Ann	Alt. of Annat
Annat	A half years's stipend, over and above what is owing for the incumbency, due to a minister's heirs after his decease.
Anna	An East Indian money of account, the sixteenth of a rupee, or about 2/ cents.
Annal	See Annals.
Annalist	A writer of annals.
Annalistic	Pertaining to, or after the manner of, an annalist; as, the dry annalistic style.
Annalize	To record in annals.
Annals	A relation of events in chronological order, each event being recorded under the year in which it happened.
Annals	Historical records; chronicles; history.
Annals	The record of a single event or item.
Annals	A periodic publication, containing records of discoveries, transactions of societies, etc.; as "Annals of Science."
Annats	Alt. of Annates
Annates	The first year's profits of a spiritual preferment, anciently paid by the clergy to the pope; first fruits. In England, they now form a fund for the augmentation of poor livings.
Annealed	of Anneal
Annealing	of Anneal
Anneal	To subject to great heat, and then cool slowly, as glass, cast iron, steel, or other metal, for the purpose of rendering it less brittle; to temper; to toughen.
Anneal	To heat, as glass, tiles, or earthenware, in order to fix the colors laid on them.
Annealer	One who, or that which, anneals.
Annealing	The process used to render glass, iron, etc., less brittle, performed by allowing them to cool very gradually from a high heat.
Annealing	The burning of metallic colors into glass, earthenware, etc.
Annectent	Connecting; annexing.
Annelid	Alt. of Annelidan
Annelidan	Of or pertaining to the Annelida.
Annelidan	One of the Annelida.
Annelida	A division of the Articulata, having the body formed of numerous rings or annular segments, and without jointed legs. The principal subdivisions are the Chaetopoda, including the Oligochaeta or earthworms and Polychaeta or marine worms; and the Hirudinea or leeches. See Chaetopoda.
Annelidous	Of the nature of an annelid.
Annellata	See Annelida.
Anneloid	An animal resembling an annelid.
Annexed	of Annex
Annexing	of Annex
Annex	To join or attach; usually to subjoin; to affix; to append; -- followed by to.
Annex	To join or add, as a smaller thing to a greater.
Annex	To attach or connect, as a consequence, condition, etc.; as, to annex a penalty to a prohibition, or punishment to guilt.
Annex	To join; to be united.
Annex	Something annexed or appended; as, an additional stipulation to a writing, a subsidiary building to a main building; a wing.
Annexation	The act of annexing; process of attaching, adding, or appending; the act of connecting; union; as, the annexation of Texas to the United States, or of chattels to the freehold.
Annexation	The union of property with a freehold so as to become a fixture. Bouvier. (b) (Scots Law) The appropriation of lands or rents to the crown.
Annexationist	One who favors annexation.
Annexer	One who annexes.
Annexion	Annexation.
Annexionist	An annexationist.
Annexment	The act of annexing, or the thing annexed; appendage.
Annihilable	Capable of being annihilated.
Annihilated	of Annihilate
Annihilating	of Annihilate
Annihilate	To reduce to nothing or nonexistence; to destroy the existence of; to cause to cease to be.
Annihilate	To destroy the form or peculiar distinctive properties of, so that the specific thing no longer exists; as, to annihilate a forest by cutting down the trees.
Annihilate	To destroy or eradicate, as a property or attribute of a thing; to make of no effect; to destroy the force, etc., of; as, to annihilate an argument, law, rights, goodness.
Annihilate	Annihilated.
Annihilation	The act of reducing to nothing, or nonexistence; or the act of destroying the form or combination of parts under which a thing exists, so that the name can no longer be applied to it; as, the annihilation of a corporation.
Annihilation	The state of being annihilated.
Annihilationist	One who believes that eternal punishment consists in annihilation or extinction of being; a destructionist.
Annihilative	Serving to annihilate; destructive.
Annihilator	One who, or that which, annihilates; as, a fire annihilator.
Annihilatory	Annihilative.
Anniversarily	Annually.
Anniversary	Returning with the year, at a stated time; annual; yearly; as, an anniversary feast.
Anniversaries	of Anniversary
Anniversary	The annual return of the day on which any notable event took place, or is wont to be celebrated; as, the anniversary of the Declaration of Independence.
Anniversary	The day on which Mass is said yearly for the soul of a deceased person; the commemoration of some sacred event, as the dedication of a church or the consecration of a pope.
Anniversary	The celebration which takes place on an anniversary day.
Anniverse	Anniversary.
Annodated	Curved somewhat in the form of the letter S.
Anno Domini	In the year of the Christian era; as, a. d. 1887.
Annominate	To name.
Annomination	Paronomasia; punning.
Annomination	Alliteration.
Annotated	of Annotate
Annotating	of Annotate
Annotate	To explain or criticize by notes; as, to annotate the works of Bacon.
Annotate	To make notes or comments; -- with on or upon.
Annotation	A note, added by way of comment, or explanation; -- usually in the plural; as, annotations on ancient authors, or on a word or a passage.
Annotationist	An annotator.
Annotative	Characterized by annotations; of the nature of annotation.
Annotator	A writer of annotations; a commentator.
Annotatory	Pertaining to an annotator; containing annotations.
Annotine	A bird one year old, or that has once molted.
Annotinous	A year old; in Yearly growths.
Annotto	Alt. of Arnotto
Arnotto	A red or yellowish-red dyeing material, prepared from the pulp surrounding the seeds of a tree (Bixa orellana) belonging to the tropical regions of America. It is used for coloring cheese, butter, etc.
Announced	of Announce
Announcing	of Announce
Announce	To give public notice, or first notice of; to make known; to publish; to proclaim.
Announce	To pronounce; to declare by judicial sentence.
Announcement	The act of announcing, or giving notice; that which announces; proclamation; publication.
Announcer	One who announces.
Annoyed	of Annoy
Annoying	of Annoy
Annoy	To disturb or irritate, especially by continued or repeated acts; to tease; to ruffle in mind; to vex; as, I was annoyed by his remarks.
Annoy	To molest, incommode, or harm; as, to annoy an army by impeding its march, or by a cannonade.
Annoy	A feeling of discomfort or vexation caused by what one dislikes; also, whatever causes such a feeling; as, to work annoy.
Annoyance	The act of annoying, or the state of being annoyed; molestation; vexation; annoy.
Annoyance	That which annoys.
Annoyer	One who, or that which, annoys.
Annoyful	Annoying.
Annoying	That annoys; molesting; vexatious.
Annoyous	Troublesome; annoying.
Annual	Of or pertaining to a year; returning every year; coming or happening once in the year; yearly.
Annual	Performed or accomplished in a year; reckoned by the year; as, the annual motion of the earth.
Annual	Lasting or continuing only one year or one growing season; requiring to be renewed every year; as, an annual plant; annual tickets.
Annual	A thing happening or returning yearly; esp. a literary work published once a year.
Annual	Anything, especially a plant, that lasts but one year or season; an annual plant.
Annual	A Mass for a deceased person or for some special object, said daily for a year or on the anniversary day.
Annualist	One who writes for, or who edits, an annual.
Annually	Yearly; year by year.
Annuary	Annual.
Annuary	A yearbook.
Annueler	A priest employed in saying annuals, or anniversary Masses.
Annuent	Nodding; as, annuent muscles (used in nodding).
Annuitant	One who receives, or its entitled to receive, an annuity.
Annuities	of Annuity
Annuity	A sum of money, payable yearly, to continue for a given number of years, for life, or forever; an annual allowance.
Annulled	of Annul
Annulling	of Annul
Annul	To reduce to nothing; to obliterate.
Annul	To make void or of no effect; to nullify; to abolish; to do away with; -- used appropriately of laws, decrees, edicts, decisions of courts, or other established rules, permanent usages, and the like, which are made void by component authority.
Annular	Pertaining to, or having the form of, a ring; forming a ring; ringed; ring-shaped; as, annular fibers.
Annular	Banded or marked with circles.
Annularity	Annular condition or form; as, the annularity of a nebula.
Annularry	In an annular manner.
Annulary	Having the form of a ring; annular.
Annulata	A class of articulate animals, nearly equivalent to Annelida, including the marine annelids, earthworms, Gephyrea, Gymnotoma, leeches, etc. See Annelida.
Annulate	One of the Annulata.
Annulate	Alt. of Annulated
Annulated	Furnished with, or composed of, rings; ringed; surrounded by rings of color.
Annulated	Of or pertaining to the Annulata.
Annulation	A circular or ringlike formation; a ring or belt.
Annulet	A little ring.
Annulet	A small, flat fillet, encircling a column, etc., used by itself, or with other moldings. It is used, several times repeated, under the Doric capital.
Annulet	A little circle borne as a charge.
Annulet	A narrow circle of some distinct color on a surface or round an organ.
Annullable	That may be Annulled.
Annuller	One who annuls.
Annulment	The act of annulling; abolition; invalidation.
Annuloid	Of or pertaining to the Annuloida.
Annuloida	A division of the Articulata, including the annelids and allied groups; sometimes made to include also the helminths and echinoderms.
Annulosa	A division of the Invertebrata, nearly equivalent to the Articulata. It includes the Arthoropoda and Anarthropoda. By some zoologists it is applied to the former only.
Annulosan	One of the Annulosa.
Annulose	Furnished with, or composed of, rings or ringlike segments; ringed.
Annulose	Of or pertaining to the Annulosa.
Annuli	of Annulus
Annulus	A ring; a ringlike part or space.
Annulus	A space contained between the circumferences of two circles, one within the other.
Annulus	The solid formed by a circle revolving around a line which is the plane of the circle but does not cut it.
Annulus	Ring-shaped structures or markings, found in, or upon, various animals.
Annumerate	To add on; to count in.
Annumeration	Addition to a former number.
Annunciable	That may be announced or declared; declarable.
Annunciated	of Annunciate
Annunciating	of Annunciate
Annunciate	To announce.
Annunciate	Foretold; preannounced.
Annunciation	The act of announcing; announcement; proclamation; as, the annunciation of peace.
Annunciation	The announcement of the incarnation, made by the angel Gabriel to the Virgin Mary.
Annunciation	The festival celebrated (March 25th) by the Church of England, of Rome, etc., in memory of the angel's announcement, on that day; Lady Day.
Annunciative	Pertaining to annunciation; announcing.
Annunciator	One who announces. Specifically: An officer in the church of Constantinople, whose business it was to inform the people of the festivals to be celebrated.
Annunciator	An indicator (as in a hotel) which designates the room where attendance is wanted.
Annunciatory	Pertaining to, or containing, announcement; making known.
Anoa	A small wild ox of Celebes (Anoa depressicornis), allied to the buffalo, but having long nearly straight horns.
Anode	The positive pole of an electric battery, or more strictly the electrode by which the current enters the electrolyte on its way to the other pole; -- opposed to cathode.
Anodon	A genus of fresh-water bivalves, having no teeth at the hinge.
Anodyne	Serving to assuage pain; soothing.
Anodyne	Any medicine which allays pain, as an opiate or narcotic; anything that soothes disturbed feelings.
Anodynous	Anodyne.
Anoil	To anoint with oil.
Anointed	of Anoint
Anointing	of Anoint
Anoint	To smear or rub over with oil or an unctuous substance; also, to spread over, as oil.
Anoint	To apply oil to or to pour oil upon, etc., as a sacred rite, especially for consecration.
Anoint	Anointed.
Anointer	One who anoints.
Anointment	The act of anointing, or state of being anointed; also, an ointment.
Anolis	A genus of lizards which belong to the family Iguanidae. They take the place in the New World of the chameleons in the Old, and in America are often called chameleons.
Anomal	Anything anomalous.
Anomaliped	Alt. of Anomalipede
Anomalipede	Having anomalous feet.
Anomaliped	One of a group of perching birds, having the middle toe more or less united to the outer and inner ones.
Anomalism	An anomaly; a deviation from rule.
Anomalistic	Alt. of Anomalistical
Anomalistical	Irregular; departing from common or established rules.
Anomalistical	Pertaining to the anomaly, or angular distance of a planet from its perihelion.
Anomalistically	With irregularity.
Anomaloflorous	Having anomalous flowers.
Anomalous	Deviating from a general rule, method, or analogy; abnormal; irregular; as, an anomalous proceeding.
Anomalously	In an anomalous manner.
Anomalousness	Quality of being anomalous.
Anomalies	of Anomaly
Anomaly	Deviation from the common rule; an irregularity; anything anomalous.
Anomaly	The angular distance of a planet from its perihelion, as seen from the sun. This is the true anomaly. The eccentric anomaly is a corresponding angle at the center of the elliptic orbit of the planet. The mean anomaly is what the anomaly would be if the planet's angular motion were uniform.
Anomaly	The angle measuring apparent irregularities in the motion of a planet.
Anomaly	Any deviation from the essential characteristics of a specific type.
Anomia	A genus of bivalve shells, allied to the oyster, so called from their unequal valves, of which the lower is perforated for attachment.
Anomophyllous	Having leaves irregularly placed.
Anomura	Alt. of Anomoura
Anomoura	A group of decapod Crustacea, of which the hermit crab in an example.
Anomural	Alt. of Anomuran
Anomuran	Irregular in the character of the tail or abdomen; as, the anomural crustaceans.
Anomuran	One of the Anomura.
Anomy	Disregard or violation of law.
Anon	Straightway; at once.
Anon	Soon; in a little while.
Anon	At another time; then; again.
Anona	A genus of tropical or subtropical plants of the natural order Anonaceae, including the soursop.
Anonaceous	Pertaining to the order of plants including the soursop, custard apple, etc.
Anonym	One who is anonymous; also sometimes used for "pseudonym."
Anonym	A notion which has no name, or which can not be expressed by a single English word.
Anonymity	The quality or state of being anonymous; anonymousness; also, that which anonymous.
Anonymous	Nameless; of unknown name; also, of unknown or unavowed authorship; as, an anonymous benefactor; an anonymous pamphlet or letter.
Anonymously	In an anonymous manner; without a name.
Anonymousness	The state or quality of being anonymous.
Anophyte	A moss or mosslike plant which cellular stems, having usually an upward growth and distinct leaves.
Anopla	One of the two orders of Nemerteans. See Nemertina.
Anoplothere	Alt. of Anoplotherium
Anoplotherium	A genus of extinct quadrupeds of the order Ungulata, whose were first found in the gypsum quarries near Paris; characterized by the shortness and feebleness of their canine teeth (whence the name).
Anoplura	A group of insects which includes the lice.
Anopsia	Alt. of Anopsy
Anopsy	Want or defect of sight; blindness.
Anorexia	Alt. of Anorexy
Anorexy	Want of appetite, without a loathing of food.
Anormal	Not according to rule; abnormal.
Anorn	To adorn.
Anorthic	Having unequal oblique axes; as, anorthic crystals.
Anorthite	A mineral of the feldspar family, commonly occurring in small glassy crystals, also a constituent of some igneous rocks. It is a lime feldspar. See Feldspar.
Anorthoscope	An optical toy for producing amusing figures or pictures by means of two revolving disks, on one of which distorted figures are painted.
Anosmia	Loss of the sense of smell.
Another	One more, in addition to a former number; a second or additional one, similar in likeness or in effect.
Another	Not the same; different.
Another	Any or some; any different person, indefinitely; any one else; some one else.
Another-gaines	Of another kind.
Another-gates	Of another sort.
Another-guess	Of another sort.
Anotta	See Annotto.
Anoura	See Anura.
Anourous	See Anurous.
Ansae	of Ansa
Ansa	A name given to either of the projecting ends of Saturn's ring.
Ansated	Having a handle.
Anserated	Having the extremities terminate in the heads of eagles, lions, etc.; as, an anserated cross.
Anseres	A Linnaean order of aquatic birds swimming by means of webbed feet, as the duck, or of lobed feet, as the grebe. In this order were included the geese, ducks, auks, divers, gulls, petrels, etc.
Anseriformes	A division of birds including the geese, ducks, and closely allied forms.
Anserine	Pertaining to, or resembling, a goose, or the skin of a goose.
Anserine	Pertaining to the Anseres.
Anserous	Resembling a goose; silly; simple.
Answered	of Answer
Answering	of Answer
Answer	To speak in defense against; to reply to in defense; as, to answer a charge; to answer an accusation.
Answer	To speak or write in return to, as in return to a call or question, or to a speech, declaration, argument, or the like; to reply to (a question, remark, etc.); to respond to.
Answer	To respond to satisfactorily; to meet successfully by way of explanation, argument, or justification, and the like; to refute.
Answer	To be or act in return or response to.
Answer	To be or act in compliance with, in fulfillment or satisfaction of, as an order, obligation, demand; as, he answered my claim upon him; the servant answered the bell.
Answer	To render account to or for.
Answer	To atone; to be punished for.
Answer	To be opposite to; to face.
Answer	To be or act an equivalent to, or as adequate or sufficient for; to serve for; to repay.
Answer	To be or act in accommodation, conformity, relation, or proportion to; to correspond to; to suit.
Answer	To speak or write by way of return (originally, to a charge), or in reply; to make response.
Answer	To make a satisfactory response or return.
Answer	To render account, or to be responsible; to be accountable; to make amends; as, the man must answer to his employer for the money intrusted to his care.
Answer	To be or act in return.
Answer	To be or act by way of compliance, fulfillment, reciprocation, or satisfaction; to serve the purpose; as, gypsum answers as a manure on some soils.
Answer	To be opposite, or to act in opposition.
Answer	To be or act as an equivalent, or as adequate or sufficient; as, a very few will answer.
Answer	To be or act in conformity, or by way of accommodation, correspondence, relation, or proportion; to conform; to correspond; to suit; -- usually with to.
Answer	A reply to a change; a defense.
Answer	Something said or written in reply to a question, a call, an argument, an address, or the like; a reply.
Answer	Something done in return for, or in consequence of, something else; a responsive action.
Answer	A solution, the result of a mathematical operation; as, the answer to a problem.
Answer	A counter-statement of facts in a course of pleadings; a confutation of what the other party has alleged; a responsive declaration by a witness in reply to a question. In Equity, it is the usual form of defense to the complainant's charges in his bill.
Answerable	Obliged to answer; liable to be called to account; liable to pay, indemnify, or make good; accountable; amenable; responsible; as, an agent is answerable to his principal; to be answerable for a debt, or for damages.
Answerable	Capable of being answered or refuted; admitting a satisfactory answer.
Answerable	Correspondent; conformable; hence, comparable.
Answerable	Proportionate; commensurate; suitable; as, an achievement answerable to the preparation for it.
Answerable	Equal; equivalent; adequate.
Answerableness	The quality of being answerable, liable, responsible, or correspondent.
Answerably	In an answerable manner; in due proportion or correspondence; suitably.
Answerer	One who answers.
Answerless	Having no answer, or impossible to be answered.
An 't	An it, that is, and it or if it. See An, conj.
An't	A contraction for are and am not; also used for is not; -- now usually written ain't.
Ant-	See Anti-, prefix.
-ant	A suffix sometimes marking the agent for action; as, merchant, covenant, servant, pleasant, etc. Cf. -ent.
Ant	A hymenopterous insect of the Linnaean genus Formica, which is now made a family of several genera; an emmet; a pismire.
Antae	of Anta
Anta	A species of pier produced by thickening a wall at its termination, treated architecturally as a pilaster, with capital and base.
Antacid	A remedy for acidity of the stomach, as an alkali or absorbent.
Antacid	Counteractive of acidity.
Antacrid	Corrective of acrimony of the humors.
Antaean	Pertaining to Antaeus, a giant athlete slain by Hercules.
Antagonism	Opposition of action; counteraction or contrariety of things or principles.
Antagonist	One who contends with another, especially in combat; an adversary; an opponent.
Antagonist	A muscle which acts in opposition to another; as a flexor, which bends a part, is the antagonist of an extensor, which extends it.
Antagonist	A medicine which opposes the action of another medicine or of a poison when absorbed into the blood or tissues.
Antagonist	Antagonistic; opposing; counteracting; as, antagonist schools of philosophy.
Antagonistic	Alt. of Antagonistical
Antagonistical	Opposing in combat, combating; contending or acting against; as, antagonistic forces.
Antagonized	of Antagonize
Antagonozing	of Antagonize
Antagonize	To contend with; to oppose actively; to counteract.
Antagonize	To act in opposition.
Antagony	Contest; opposition; antagonism.
Antalgic	Alleviating pain.
Antalgic	A medicine to alleviate pain; an anodyne.
Antalkali	Alt. of Antalkaline
Antalkaline	Anything that neutralizes, or that counteracts an alkaline tendency in the system.
Antalkaline	Of power to counteract alkalies.
Antambulacral	Away from the ambulacral region.
Antanaclasis	A figure which consists in repeating the same word in a different sense; as, Learn some craft when young, that when old you may live without craft.
Antanaclasis	A repetition of words beginning a sentence, after a long parenthesis; as, Shall that heart (which not only feels them, but which has all motions of life placed in them), shall that heart, etc.
Antanagoge	A figure which consists in answering the charge of an adversary, by a counter charge.
Antaphrodisiac	Capable of blunting the venereal appetite.
Antaphrodisiac	Anything that quells the venereal appetite.
Antaphroditic	Antaphrodisiac.
Antaphroditic	Antisyphilitic.
Antaphroditic	An antaphroditic medicine.
Antapoplectic	Good against apoplexy.
Antapoplectic	A medicine used against apoplexy.
Antarchism	Opposition to government in general.
Antarchist	One who opposes all government.
Antarchistic	Alt. of Antarchistical
Antarchistical	Opposed to all human government.
Antarctic	Opposite to the northern or arctic pole; relating to the southern pole or to the region near it, and applied especially to a circle, distant from the pole 23 28/. Thus we say the antarctic pole, circle, ocean, region, current, etc.
Antares	The principal star in Scorpio: -- called also the Scorpion's Heart.
Antarthritic	Counteracting or alleviating gout.
Antarthritic	A remedy against gout.
Antasthmatic	Opposing, or fitted to relieve, asthma.
Antasthmatic	A remedy for asthma.
Ant-bear	An edentate animal of tropical America (the Tamanoir), living on ants. It belongs to the genus Myrmecophaga.
Ant bird	See Ant bird, under Ant, n.
Ant-cattle	Various kinds of plant lice or aphids tended by ants for the sake of the honeydew which they secrete. See Aphips.
Ante-	A Latin preposition and prefix; akin to Gr. 'anti`, Skr. anti, Goth. and-, anda- (only in comp.), AS. and-, ond-, (only in comp.: cf. Answer, Along), G. ant-, ent- (in comp.). The Latin ante is generally used in the sense of before, in regard to position, order, or time, and the Gr. 'anti` in that of opposite, or in the place of.
Ante	Each player's stake, which is put into the pool before (ante) the game begins.
Ante	To put up (an ante).
Anteact	A preceding act.
Anteal	Being before, or in front.
Ant-eater	One of several species of edentates and monotremes that feed upon ants. See Ant-bear, Pangolin, Aard-vark, and Echidna.
Antecedaneous	Antecedent; preceding in time.
Antecede	To go before in time or place; to precede; to surpass.
Antecedence	The act or state of going before in time; precedence.
Antecedence	An apparent motion of a planet toward the west; retrogradation.
Antecedency	The state or condition of being antecedent; priority.
Antecedent	Going before in time; prior; anterior; preceding; as, an event antecedent to the Deluge; an antecedent cause.
Antecedent	Presumptive; as, an antecedent improbability.
Antecedent	That which goes before in time; that which precedes.
Antecedent	One who precedes or goes in front.
Antecedent	The earlier events of one's life; previous principles, conduct, course, history.
Antecedent	The noun to which a relative refers; as, in the sentence "Solomon was the prince who built the temple," prince is the antecedent of who.
Antecedent	The first or conditional part of a hypothetical proposition; as, If the earth is fixed, the sun must move.
Antecedent	The first of the two propositions which constitute an enthymeme or contracted syllogism; as, Every man is mortal; therefore the king must die.
Antecedent	The first of the two terms of a ratio; the first or third of the four terms of a proportion. In the ratio a:b, a is the antecedent, and b the consequent.
Antecedently	Previously; before in time; at a time preceding; as, antecedently to conversion.
Antecessor	One who goes before; a predecessor.
Antecessor	An ancestor; a progenitor.
Antechamber	A chamber or apartment before the chief apartment and leading into it, in which persons wait for audience; an outer chamber. See Lobby.
Antechamber	A space viewed as the outer chamber or the entrance to an interior part.
Antechapel	The outer part of the west end of a collegiate or other chapel.
Antecians	See Ant/cians.
Antecommunion	A name given to that part of the Anglican liturgy for the communion, which precedes the consecration of the elements.
Antecursor	A forerunner; a precursor.
Antedate	Prior date; a date antecedent to another which is the actual date.
Antedate	Anticipation.
Antedated	of Antedate
Antedating	of Antedate
Antedate	To date before the true time; to assign to an earlier date; thus, to antedate a deed or a bond is to give it a date anterior to the true time of its execution.
Antedate	To precede in time.
Antedate	To anticipate; to make before the true time.
Antediluvial	Before the flood, or Deluge, in Noah's time.
Antediluvian	Of or relating to the period before the Deluge in Noah's time; hence, antiquated; as, an antediluvian vehicle.
Antediluvian	One who lived before the Deluge.
Antefact	Something done before another act.
Antefixes	of Antefix
Antefixa	of Antefix
Antefix	An ornament fixed upon a frieze.
Antefix	An ornament at the eaves, concealing the ends of the joint tiles of the roof.
Antefix	An ornament of the cymatium of a classic cornice, sometimes pierced for the escape of water.
Anteflexion	A displacement forward of an organ, esp. the uterus, in such manner that its axis is bent upon itself.
Ant egg	One of the small white egg-shaped pupae or cocoons of the ant, often seen in or about ant-hills, and popularly supposed to be eggs.
Antelope	One of a group of ruminant quadrupeds, intermediate between the deer and the goat. The horns are usually annulated, or ringed. There are many species in Africa and Asia.
Antelucan	Held or being before light; -- a word applied to assemblies of Christians, in ancient times of persecution, held before light in the morning.
Antemeridian	Being before noon; in or pertaining to the forenoon. (Abbrev. a. m.)
Antemetic	Tending to check vomiting.
Antemetic	A remedy to check or allay vomiting.
Antemosaic	Being before the time of Moses.
Antemundane	Being or occurring before the creation of the world.
Antemural	An outwork of a strong, high wall, with turrets, in front of the gateway (as of an old castle), for defending the entrance.
Antenatal	Before birth.
Antenicene	Of or in the Christian church or era, anterior to the first council of Nice, held a. d. 325; as, antenicene faith.
Antennae	of Antenna
Antenna	A movable, articulated organ of sensation, attached to the heads of insects and Crustacea. There are two in the former, and usually four in the latter. They are used as organs of touch, and in some species of Crustacea the cavity of the ear is situated near the basal joint. In insects, they are popularly called horns, and also feelers. The term in also applied to similar organs on the heads of other arthropods and of annelids.
Antennal	Belonging to the antennae.
Antenniferous	Bearing or having antennae.
Antenniform	Shaped like antennae.
Antennule	A small antenna; -- applied to the smaller pair of antennae or feelers of Crustacea.
Antenumber	A number that precedes another.
Antenuptial	Preceding marriage; as, an antenuptial agreement.
Anteorbital	Same as Antorbital.
Antepaschal	Pertaining to the time before the Passover, or before Easter.
Antepast	A foretaste.
Antependium	The hangings or screen in front of the altar; an altar cloth; the frontal.
Antepenult	Alt. of Antepenultima
Antepenultima	The last syllable of a word except two, as -syl- in monosyllable.
Antepenultimate	Of or pertaining to the last syllable but two.
Antepenultimate	The antepenult.
Antephialtic	Good against nightmare.
Antephialtic	A remedy nightmare.
Antepileptic	Good against epilepsy.
Antepileptic	A medicine for epilepsy.
Antepone	To put before; to prefer.
Anteport	An outer port, gate, or door.
Anteportico	An outer porch or vestibule.
Anteposition	The placing of a before another, which, by ordinary rules, ought to follow it.
Anteprandial	Preceding dinner.
Antepredicament	A prerequisite to a clear understanding of the predicaments and categories, such as definitions of common terms.
Anterior	Before in time; antecedent.
Anterior	Before, or toward the front, in place; as, the anterior part of the mouth; -- opposed to posterior.
Anteriority	The state of being anterior or preceding in time or in situation; priority.
Anteriorly	In an anterior manner; before.
Anteroom	A room before, or forming an entrance to, another; a waiting room.
Antero-	A combining form meaning anterior, front; as, antero-posterior, front and back; antero-lateral, front side, anterior and at the side.
Antes	Antae. See Anta.
Antestature	A small intrenchment or work of palisades, or of sacks of earth.
Antestomach	A cavity which leads into the stomach, as in birds.
Antetemple	The portico, or narthex in an ancient temple or church.
Anteversion	A displacement of an organ, esp. of the uterus, in such manner that its whole axis is directed further forward than usual.
Antevert	To prevent.
Antevert	To displace by anteversion.
Anthelia	of Anthelion
Anthelion	A halo opposite the sun, consisting of a colored ring or rings around the shadow of the spectator's own head, as projected on a cloud or on an opposite fog bank.
Anthelix	Same as Antihelix.
Anthelmintic	Good against intestinal worms.
Anthelmintic	An anthelmintic remedy.
Anthem	Formerly, a hymn sung in alternate parts, in present usage, a selection from the Psalms, or other parts of the Scriptures or the liturgy, set to sacred music.
Anthem	A song or hymn of praise.
Anthem	To celebrate with anthems.
Anthemion	A floral ornament. See Palmette
Anthemis	Chamomile; a genus of composite, herbaceous plants.
Anthemwise	Alternately.
Anther	That part of the stamen containing the pollen, or fertilizing dust, which, when mature, is emitted for the impregnation of the ovary.
Antheridia	of Antheridium
Antheridium	The male reproductive apparatus in the lower, consisting of a cell or other cavity in which spermatozoids are produced; -- called also spermary.
Antheriferous	Producing anthers, as plants.
Antheriferous	Supporting anthers, as a part of a flower.
Antheriform	Shaped like an anther; anther-shaped.
Antherogenous	Transformed from anthers, as the petals of a double flower.
Antheroid	Resembling an anther.
Antherozoid	Alt. of Antherozooid
Antherozooid	One of the mobile male reproductive bodies in the antheridia of cryptogams.
Anthesis	The period or state of full expansion in a flower.
Ant-hill	A mound thrown up by ants or by termites in forming their nests.
Anthobian	A beetle which feeds on flowers.
Anthobranchia	A division of nudibranchiate Mollusca, in which the gills form a wreath or cluster upon the posterior part of the back. See Nudibranchiata, and Doris.
Anthocarpous	Having some portion of the floral envelopes attached to the pericarp to form the fruit, as in the checkerberry, the mulberry, and the pineapple.
Anthocyanin	Same as Anthokyan.
Anthodium	The inflorescence of a compound flower in which many florets are gathered into a involucrate head.
Anthography	A description of flowers.
Anthoid	Resembling a flower; flowerlike.
Anthokyan	The blue coloring matter of certain flowers. Same as Cyanin.
Antholite	A fossil plant, like a petrified flower.
Anthological	Pertaining to anthology; consisting of beautiful extracts from different authors, especially the poets.
Anthologist	One who compiles an anthology.
Anthology	A discourse on flowers.
Anthology	A collection of flowers; a garland.
Anthology	A collection of flowers of literature, that is, beautiful passages from authors; a collection of poems or epigrams; -- particularly applied to a collection of ancient Greek epigrams.
Anthology	A service book containing a selection of pieces for the festival services.
Anthomania	A extravagant fondness for flowers.
Anthony's Fire	See Saint Anthony's Fire, under Saint.
Anthophagous	Eating flowers; -- said of certain insects.
Anthophore	The stipe when developed into an internode between calyx and corolla, as in the Pink family.
Anthophorous	Flower bearing; supporting the flower.
Anthophyllite	A mineral of the hornblende group, of a yellowish gray or clove brown color.
Anthorism	A description or definition contrary to that which is given by the adverse party.
Anthotaxy	The arrangement of flowers in a cluster; the science of the relative position of flowers; inflorescence.
Anthozoa	The class of the Coelenterata which includes the corals and sea anemones. The three principal groups or orders are Acyonaria, Actinaria, and Madreporaria.
Anthozoan	Pertaining to the Anthozoa.
Anthozoan	One of the Anthozoa.
Anthozoic	Of or pertaining to the Anthozoa.
Anthracene	A solid hydrocarbon, C6H4.C2H2.C6H4, which accompanies naphthalene in the last stages of the distillation of coal tar. Its chief use is in the artificial production of alizarin.
Anthracic	Of or relating to anthrax; as, anthracic blood.
Anthraciferous	Yielding anthracite; as, anthraciferous strata.
Anthracite	A hard, compact variety of mineral coal, of high luster, differing from bituminous coal in containing little or no bitumen, in consequence of which it burns with a nearly non luminous flame. The purer specimens consist almost wholly of carbon. Also called glance coal and blind coal.
Anthracitic	Of, pertaining to, or like, anthracite; as, anthracitic formations.
Anthracoid	Resembling anthrax in action; of the nature of anthrax; as, an anthracoid microbe.
Anthracomancy	Divination by inspecting a burning coal.
Anthracometer	An instrument for measuring the amount of carbonic acid in a mixture.
Anthracometric	Of or pertaining to an anthracometer.
Anthraconite	A coal-black marble, usually emitting a fetid smell when rubbed; -- called also stinkstone and swinestone.
Anthraquinone	A hydrocarbon, C6H4.C2O2.C6H4, subliming in shining yellow needles. It is obtained by oxidation of anthracene.
Anthrax	A carbuncle.
Anthrax	A malignant pustule.
Anthrax	A microscopic, bacterial organism (Bacillus anthracis), resembling transparent rods. [See Illust. under Bacillus.]
Anthrax	An infectious disease of cattle and sheep. It is ascribed to the presence of a rod-shaped bacterium (Bacillus anthracis), the spores of which constitute the contagious matter. It may be transmitted to man by inoculation. The spleen becomes greatly enlarged and filled with bacteria. Called also splenic fever.
Anthrenus	A genus of small beetles, several of which, in the larval state, are very destructive to woolen goods, fur, etc. The common "museum pest" is A. varius; the carpet beetle is A. scrophulariae. The larvae are commonly confounded with moths.
Anthropic	Alt. of Anthropical
Anthropical	Like or related to man; human.
Anthropidae	The group that includes man only.
Anthropocentric	Assuming man as the center or ultimate end; -- applied to theories of the universe or of any part of it, as the solar system.
Anthropogenic	Of or pertaining to anthropogeny.
Anthropogeny	The science or study of human generation, or the origin and development of man.
Anthropoglot	An animal which has a tongue resembling that of man, as the parrot.
Anthropography	That branch of anthropology which treats of the actual distribution of the human race in its different divisions, as distinguished by physical character, language, institutions, and customs, in contradistinction to ethnography, which treats historically of the origin and filiation of races and nations.
Anthropoid	Resembling man; -- applied especially to certain apes, as the ourang or gorilla.
Anthropoid	An anthropoid ape.
Anthropoidal	Anthropoid.
Anthropoidea	The suborder of primates which includes the monkeys, apes, and man.
Anthropolatry	Man worship.
Anthropolite	A petrifaction of the human body, or of any portion of it.
Anthropologic	Alt. of Anthropological
Anthropological	Pertaining to anthropology; belonging to the nature of man.
Anthropologist	One who is versed in anthropology.
Anthropology	The science of the structure and functions of the human body.
Anthropology	The science of man; -- sometimes used in a limited sense to mean the study of man as an object of natural history, or as an animal.
Anthropology	That manner of expression by which the inspired writers attribute human parts and passions to God.
Anthropomancy	Divination by the entrails of human being.
Anthropometric	Alt. of Anthropometrical
Anthropometrical	Pertaining to anthropometry.
Anthropometry	Measurement of the height and other dimensions of human beings, especially at different ages, or in different races, occupations, etc.
Anthropomorpha	The manlike, or anthropoid, apes.
Anthropomorphic	Of or pertaining to anthropomorphism.
Anthropomorphism	The representation of the Deity, or of a polytheistic deity, under a human form, or with human attributes and affections.
Anthropomorphism	The ascription of human characteristics to things not human.
Anthropomorphist	One who attributes the human form or other human attributes to the Deity or to anything not human.
Anthropomorphite	One who ascribes a human form or human attributes to the Deity or to a polytheistic deity. Taylor. Specifically, one of a sect of ancient heretics who believed that God has a human form, etc. Tillotson.
Anthropomorphitic	to anthropomorphism.
Anthropomorphitism	Anthropomorphism.
Anthropomorphize	To attribute a human form or personality to.
Anthropomorphology	The application to God of terms descriptive of human beings.
Anthropomorphosis	Transformation into the form of a human being.
Anthropomorphous	Having the figure of, or resemblance to, a man; as, an anthropomorphous plant.
Anthropopathic	Alt. of Anthropopathical
Anthropopathical	Of or pertaining to anthropopathy.
Anthropopathism	Alt. of Anthropopathy
Anthropopathy	The ascription of human feelings or passions to God, or to a polytheistic deity.
Anthropophagi	Man eaters; cannibals.
Anthropophagic	Alt. of Anthropophagical
Anthropophagical	Relating to cannibalism or anthropophagy.
Anthropophaginian	One who east human flesh.
Anthropophagite	A cannibal.
Anthropophagous	Feeding on human flesh; cannibal.
Anthropophagy	The eating of human flesh; cannibalism.
Anthropophuism	Human nature.
Anthroposcopy	The art of discovering or judging of a man's character, passions. and inclinations from a study of his visible features.
Anthroposophy	Knowledge of the nature of man; hence, human wisdom.
Anthropotomical	Pertaining to anthropotomy, or the dissection of human bodies.
Anthropotomist	One who is versed in anthropotomy, or human anatomy.
Anthropotomy	The anatomy or dissection of the human body; androtomy.
Anthypnotic	See Antihypnotic.
Anthypochondriac	See Antihypochondriac.
Anthysteric	See Antihysteric.
Anti	A prefix meaning against, opposite or opposed to, contrary, or in place of; -- used in composition in many English words. It is often shortened to ant-; as, antacid, antarctic.
Antiae	The two projecting feathered angles of the forehead of some birds; the frontal points.
Antialbumid	A body formed from albumin by pancreatic and gastric digestion. It is convertible into antipeptone.
Antialbumose	See Albumose.
Anti-American	Opposed to the Americans, their aims, or interests, or to the genius of American institutions.
Antiaphrodisiac	Same as Antaphrodisiac.
Antiapoplectic	Same as Antapoplectic.
Antiar	A Virulent poison prepared in Java from the gum resin of one species of the upas tree (Antiaris toxicaria).
Antiarin	A poisonous principle obtained from antiar.
Antiasthmatic	Same as Antasthmatic.
Antiattrition	Anything to prevent the effects of friction, esp. a compound lubricant for machinery, etc., often consisting of plumbago, with some greasy material; antifriction grease.
Antibacchius	A foot of three syllables, the first two long, and the last short (#).
Antibillous	Counteractive of bilious complaints; tending to relieve biliousness.
Antibrachial	Of or pertaining to the antibrachium, or forearm.
Antibrachium	That part of the fore limb between the brachium and the carpus; the forearm.
Antibromic	An agent that destroys offensive smells; a deodorizer.
Antiburgher	One who seceded from the Burghers (1747), deeming it improper to take the Burgess oath.
Antic	Old; antique.
Antic	
Antic	Odd; fantastic; fanciful; grotesque; ludicrous.
Antic	A buffoon or merry-andrew; one that practices odd gesticulations; the Fool of the old play.
Antic	An odd imagery, device, or tracery; a fantastic figure.
Antic	A grotesque trick; a piece of buffoonery; a caper.
Antic	A grotesque representation.
Antic	An antimask.
Anticked	of Antic
Antickt	of Antic
Antic	To make appear like a buffoon.
Antic	To perform antics.
Anticatarrhal	Efficacious against catarrh.
Anticatarrhal	An anticatarrhal remedy.
Anticathode	The part of a vacuum tube opposite the cathode. Upon it the cathode rays impinge.
Anticausodic	Same as Anticausotic.
Anticausotic	Good against an inflammatory fever.
Anticausotic	A remedy for such a fever.
Antichamber	See Antechamber.
Antichlor	Any substance (but especially sodium hyposulphite) used in removing the excess of chlorine left in paper pulp or stuffs after bleaching.
Antichrist	A denier or opponent of Christ. Specif.: A great antagonist, person or power, expected to precede Christ's second coming.
Antichristian	Opposed to the Christian religion.
Antichristianism	Alt. of Antichristianity
Antichristianity	Opposition or contrariety to the Christian religion.
Antichristianly	In an antichristian manner.
Antichronical	Deviating from the proper order of time.
Antichronism	Deviation from the true order of time; anachronism.
Antichthones	of Antichthon
Antichthon	A hypothetical earth counter to ours, or on the opposite side of the sun.
Antichthon	Inhabitants of opposite hemispheres.
Anticipant	Anticipating; expectant; -- with of.
Anticipated	of Anticipate
Anticipating	of Anticipate
Anticipate	To be before in doing; to do or take before another; to preclude or prevent by prior action.
Anticipate	To take up or introduce beforehand, or before the proper or normal time; to cause to occur earlier or prematurely; as, the advocate has anticipated a part of his argument.
Anticipate	To foresee (a wish, command, etc.) and do beforehand that which will be desired.
Anticipate	To foretaste or foresee; to have a previous view or impression of; as, to anticipate the pleasures of a visit; to anticipate the evils of life.
Anticipation	The act of anticipating, taking up, placing, or considering something beforehand, or before the proper time in natural order.
Anticipation	Previous view or impression of what is to happen; instinctive prevision; foretaste; antepast; as, the anticipation of the joys of heaven.
Anticipation	Hasty notion; intuitive preconception.
Anticipation	The commencing of one or more tones of a chord with or during the chord preceding, forming a momentary discord.
Anticipative	Anticipating, or containing anticipation.
Anticipator	One who anticipates.
Anticipatory	Forecasting; of the nature of anticipation.
Anticivic	Opposed to citizenship.
Anticivism	Opposition to the body politic of citizens.
Anticlastic	Having to opposite curvatures, that is, curved longitudinally in one direction and transversely in the opposite direction, as the surface of a saddle.
Anticlimax	A sentence in which the ideas fall, or become less important and striking, at the close; -- the opposite of climax. It produces a ridiculous effect.
Anticlinal	Inclining or dipping in opposite directions. See Synclinal.
Anticlinal	The crest or line in which strata slope or dip in opposite directions.
Anticlinoria	of Anticlinorium
Anticlinorium	The upward elevation of the crust of the earth, resulting from a geanticlinal.
Anticly	Oddly; grotesquely.
Antic-mask	An antimask.
Anticness	The quality of being antic.
Anticonstitutional	Opposed to the constitution; unconstitutional.
Anticontagious	Opposing or destroying contagion.
Anticonvulsive	Good against convulsions.
Anticor	A dangerous inflammatory swelling of a horse's breast, just opposite the heart.
Anticous	Facing toward the axis of the flower, as in the introrse anthers of the water lily.
Anticyclone	A movement of the atmosphere opposite in character, as regards direction of the wind and distribution of barometric pressure, to that of a cyclone.
Antidotal	Having the quality an antidote; fitted to counteract the effects of poison.
Antidotary	Antidotal.
Antidote	A remedy to counteract the effects of poison, or of anything noxious taken into the stomach; -- used with against, for, or to; as, an antidote against, for, or to, poison.
Antidote	Whatever tends to prevent mischievous effects, or to counteract evil which something else might produce.
Antidote	To counteract or prevent the effects of, by giving or taking an antidote.
Antidote	To fortify or preserve by an antidote.
Antidotical	Serving as an antidote.
Antidromous	Changing the direction in the spiral sequence of leaves on a stem.
Antidysenteric	Good against dysentery.
Antidysenteric	A medicine for dysentery.
Antiemetic	Same as Antemetic.
Antiephialtic	Same as Antephialtic.
Antiepileptic	Same as Antepileptic.
Antifebrile	Febrifuge.
Antifebrine	Acetanilide.
Anti-federalist	One of party opposed to a federative government; -- applied particularly to the party which opposed the adoption of the constitution of the United States.
Antifriction	Something to lessen friction; antiattrition.
Antifriction	Tending to lessen friction.
Antigalastic	Causing a diminution or a suppression of the secretion of milk.
Anti-Gallican	Opposed to what is Gallic or French.
Antigraph	A copy or transcript.
Antiguggler	A crooked tube of metal, to be introduced into the neck of a bottle for drawing out the liquid without disturbing the sediment or causing a gurgling noise.
Antihelix	The curved elevation of the cartilage of the ear, within or in front of the helix. See Ear.
Antihemorrhagic	Tending to stop hemorrhage.
Antihemorrhagic	A remedy for hemorrhage.
Antihydrophobic	Counteracting or preventing hydrophobia.
Antihydrophobic	A remedy for hydrophobia.
Antihydropic	Good against dropsy.
Antihydropic	A remedy for dropsy.
Antihypnotic	Tending to prevent sleep.
Antihypnotic	An antihypnotic agent.
Antihypochondriac	Counteractive of hypochondria.
Antihypochondriac	A remedy for hypochondria.
Antihysteric	Counteracting hysteria.
Antihysteric	A remedy for hysteria.
Antiicteric	Good against jaundice.
Antiicteric	A remedy for jaundice.
Antilegomena	Certain books of the New Testament which were for a time not universally received, but which are now considered canonical. These are the Epistle to the Hebrews, the Epistles of James and Jude, the second Epistle of Peter, the second and third Epistles of John, and the Revelation. The undisputed books are called the Homologoumena.
Antilibration	A balancing; equipoise.
Antilithic	Tending to prevent the formation of urinary calculi, or to destroy them when formed.
Antilithic	An antilithic medicine.
Antilogarithm	The number corresponding to a logarithm. The word has been sometimes, though rarely, used to denote the complement of a given logarithm; also the logarithmic cosine corresponding to a given logarithmic sine.
Antilogous	Of the contrary name or character; -- opposed to analogous.
Antilogies	of Antilogy
Antilogy	A contradiction between any words or passages in an author.
Antiloimic	A remedy against the plague.
Antilopine	Of or relating to the antelope.
Antiloquist	A contradicter.
Antiloquy	Contradiction.
Antilyssic	Antihydrophobic.
Antimacassar	A cover for the back or arms of a chair or sofa, etc., to prevent them from being soiled by macassar or other oil from the hair.
Antimagistrical	Opposed to the office or authority of magistrates.
Antimalarial	Good against malaria.
Antimask	A secondary mask, or grotesque interlude, between the parts of a serious mask.
Antimason	One opposed to Freemasonry.
Antimasonry	Opposition to Freemasonry.
Antimephitic	Good against mephitic or deleterious gases.
Antimephitic	A remedy against mephitic gases.
Antimere	One of the two halves of bilaterally symmetrical animals; one of any opposite symmetrical or homotypic parts in animals and plants.
Antimetabole	A figure in which the same words or ideas are repeated in transposed order.
Antimetathesis	An antithesis in which the members are repeated in inverse order.
Antimeter	A modification of the quadrant, for measuring small angles.
Antimonarchic	Alt. of Antimonarchical
Antimonarchical	Opposed to monarchial government.
Antimonarchist	An enemy to monarchial government.
Antimonate	A compound of antimonic acid with a base or basic radical.
Antimonial	Of or pertaining to antimony.
Antimonial	A preparation or medicine containing antimony.
Antimoniated	Combined or prepared with antimony; as, antimoniated tartar.
Antimonic	Pertaining to, or derived from, antimony; -- said of those compounds of antimony in which this element has its highest equivalence; as, antimonic acid.
Antimonious	Pertaining to, or derived from, antimony; -- said of those compounds of antimony in which this element has an equivalence next lower than the highest; as, antimonious acid.
Antimonite	A compound of antimonious acid and a base or basic radical.
Antimonite	Stibnite.
Antimoniureted	Combined with or containing antimony; as, antimoniureted hydrogen.
Antimony	An elementary substance, resembling a metal in its appearance and physical properties, but in its chemical relations belonging to the class of nonmetallic substances. Atomic weight, 120. Symbol, Sb.
Antinational	Antagonistic to one's country or nation, or to a national government.
Antinephritic	Counteracting, or deemed of use in, diseases of the kidneys.
Antinephritic	An antinephritic remedy.
Antinomian	Of or pertaining to the Antinomians; opposed to the doctrine that the moral law is obligatory.
Antinomian	One who maintains that, under the gospel dispensation, the moral law is of no use or obligation, but that faith alone is necessary to salvation. The sect of Antinomians originated with John Agricola, in Germany, about the year 1535.
Antinomianism	The tenets or practice of Antinomians.
Antinomist	An Antinomian.
Antinomies	of Antinomy
Antinomy	Opposition of one law or rule to another law or rule.
Antinomy	An opposing law or rule of any kind.
Antinomy	A contradiction or incompatibility of thought or language; -- in the Kantian philosophy, such a contradiction as arises from the attempt to apply to the ideas of the reason, relations or attributes which are appropriate only to the facts or the concepts of experience.
Antiochian	Pertaining to Antiochus, a contemporary with Cicero, and the founder of a sect of philosophers.
Antiochian	Of or pertaining to the city of Antioch, in Syria.
Antiodontalgic	Efficacious in curing toothache.
Antiodontalgic	A remedy for toothache.
Antiorgastic	Tending to allay venereal excitement or desire; sedative.
Antipapal	Opposed to the pope or to popery.
Antiparallel	Running in a contrary direction.
Antiparallels	Straight lines or planes which make angles in some respect opposite in character to those made by parallel lines or planes.
Antiparalytic	Good against paralysis.
Antiparalytic	A medicine for paralysis.
Antiparalytical	Antiparalytic.
Antipathetic	Alt. of Antipathetical
Antipathetical	Having a natural contrariety, or constitutional aversion, to a thing; characterized by antipathy; -- often followed by to.
Antipathic	Belonging to antipathy; opposite; contrary; allopathic.
Antipathist	One who has an antipathy.
Antipathize	To feel or show antipathy.
Antipathous	Having a natural contrariety; adverse; antipathetic.
Antipathies	of Antipathy
Antipathy	Contrariety or opposition in feeling; settled aversion or dislike; repugnance; distaste.
Antipathy	Natural contrariety; incompatibility; repugnancy of qualities; as, oil and water have antipathy.
Antipeptone	A product of gastric and pancreatic digestion, differing from hemipeptone in not being decomposed by the continued action of pancreatic juice.
Antiperiodic	A remedy possessing the property of preventing the return of periodic paroxysms, or exacerbations, of disease, as in intermittent fevers.
Antiperistaltic	Opposed to, or checking motion; acting upward; -- applied to an inverted action of the intestinal tube.
Antiperistasis	Opposition by which the quality opposed asquires strength; resistance or reaction roused by opposition or by the action of an opposite principle or quality.
Antiperistatic	Pertaining to antiperistasis.
Antipetalous	Standing before a petal, as a stamen.
Antipharmic	Antidotal; alexipharmic.
Antiphlogistian	An opposer of the theory of phlogiston.
Antiphlogistic	Opposed to the doctrine of phlogiston.
Antiphlogistic	Counteracting inflammation.
Antiphlogistic	Any medicine or diet which tends to check inflammation.
Antiphon	A musical response; alternate singing or chanting. See Antiphony, and Antiphone.
Antiphon	A verse said before and after the psalms.
Antiphonal	Of or pertaining to antiphony, or alternate singing; sung alternately by a divided choir or opposite choirs.
Antiphonal	A book of antiphons or anthems.
Antiphonary	A book containing a collection of antiphons; the book in which the antiphons of the breviary, with their musical notes, are contained.
Antiphone	The response which one side of the choir makes to the other in a chant; alternate chanting or signing.
Antiphoner	A book of antiphons.
Antiphonic	Antiphonal.
Antiphonies	of Antiphony
Antiphony	A musical response; also, antiphonal chanting or signing.
Antiphony	An anthem or psalm sung alternately by a choir or congregation divided into two parts. Also figuratively.
Antiphrasis	The use of words in a sense opposite to their proper meaning; as when a court of justice is called a court of vengeance.
Antiphrastic	Alt. of Antiphrastical
Antiphrastical	Pertaining to antiphrasis.
Antiphthisic	Relieving or curing phthisis, or consumption.
Antiphthisic	A medicine for phthisis.
Antiphysical	Contrary to nature; unnatural.
Antiphysical	Relieving flatulence; carminative.
Antiplastic	Diminishing plasticity.
Antiplastic	Preventing or checking the process of healing, or granulation.
Antipodagric	Good against gout.
Antipodagric	A medicine for gout.
Antipodal	Pertaining to the antipodes; situated on the opposite side of the globe.
Antipodal	Diametrically opposite.
Antipode	One of the antipodes; anything exactly opposite.
Antipodean	Pertaining to the antipodes, or the opposite side of the world; antipodal.
Antipodes	Those who live on the side of the globe diametrically opposite.
Antipodes	The country of those who live on the opposite side of the globe.
Antipodes	Anything exactly opposite or contrary.
Antipole	The opposite pole; anything diametrically opposed.
Antipope	One who is elected, or claims to be, pope in opposition to the pope canonically chosen; esp. applied to those popes who resided at Avignon during the Great Schism.
Antipsoric	Of use in curing the itch.
Antipsoric	An antipsoric remedy.
Antiptosis	The putting of one case for another.
Antiputrefactive	Alt. of Antiputrescent
Antiputrescent	Counteracting, or preserving from, putrefaction; antiseptic.
Antipyic	Checking or preventing suppuration.
Antipyic	An antipyic medicine.
Antipyresis	The condition or state of being free from fever.
Antipyretic	Efficacious in preventing or allaying fever.
Antipyretic	A febrifuge.
Antipyrine	An artificial alkaloid, believed to be efficient in abating fever.
Antipyrotic	Good against burns or pyrosis.
Antipyrotic	Anything of use in preventing or healing burns or pyrosis.
Antiquarian	Pertaining to antiquaries, or to antiquity; as, antiquarian literature.
Antiquarian	An antiquary.
Antiquarian	A drawing paper of large size. See under Paper, n.
Antiquarianism	Character of an antiquary; study or love of antiquities.
Antiquarianize	To act the part of an antiquary.
Antiquary	Pertaining to antiquity.
Antiquaries	of Antiquary
Antiquary	One devoted to the study of ancient times through their relics, as inscriptions, monuments, remains of ancient habitations, statues, coins, manuscripts, etc.; one who searches for and studies the relics of antiquity.
Antiquate	To make old, or obsolete; to make antique; to make old in such a degree as to put out of use; hence, to make void, or abrogate.
Antiquated	Grown old. Hence: Bygone; obsolete; out of use; old-fashioned; as, an antiquated law.
Antiquatedness	Quality of being antiquated.
Antiquateness	Antiquatedness.
Antiquation	The act of making antiquated, or the state of being antiquated.
Antique	Old; ancient; of genuine antiquity; as, an antique statue. In this sense it usually refers to the flourishing ages of Greece and Rome.
Antique	Old, as respects the present age, or a modern period of time; of old fashion; antiquated; as, an antique robe.
Antique	Made in imitation of antiquity; as, the antique style of Thomson's "Castle of Indolence."
Antique	Odd; fantastic.
Antique	In general, anything very old; but in a more limited sense, a relic or object of ancient art; collectively, the antique, the remains of ancient art, as busts, statues, paintings, and vases.
Antiquely	In an antique manner.
Antiqueness	The quality of being antique; an appearance of ancient origin and workmanship.
Antiquist	An antiquary; a collector of antiques.
Antiquitarian	An admirer of antiquity. [Used by Milton in a disparaging sense.]
Antiquities	of Antiquity
Antiquity	The quality of being ancient; ancientness; great age; as, a statue of remarkable antiquity; a family of great antiquity.
Antiquity	Old age.
Antiquity	Ancient times; former ages; times long since past; as, Cicero was an eloquent orator of antiquity.
Antiquity	The ancients; the people of ancient times.
Antiquity	An old gentleman.
Antiquity	A relic or monument of ancient times; as, a coin, a statue, etc.; an ancient institution. [In this sense, usually in the plural.]
Antirachitic	Good against the rickets.
Antirenter	One opposed to the payment of rent; esp. one of those who in 1840-47 resisted the collection of rents claimed by the patroons from the settlers on certain manorial lands in the State of New York.
Antisabbatarian	One of a sect which opposes the observance of the Christian Sabbath.
Antisacerdotal	Hostile to priests or the priesthood.
Antiscians	Alt. of Antiscii
Antiscii	The inhabitants of the earth, living on different sides of the equator, whose shadows at noon are cast in opposite directions.
Antiscoletic	Alt. of Antiscolic
Antiscolic	Anthelmintic.
Antiscorbutic	Counteracting scurvy.
Antiscorbutic	A remedy for scurvy.
Antiscorbutical	Antiscorbutic.
Antiscriptural	Opposed to, or not in accordance with, the Holy Scriptures.
Antisepalous	Standing before a sepal, or calyx leaf.
Antiseptic	Alt. of Antiseptical
Antiseptical	Counteracting or preventing putrefaction, or a putrescent tendency in the system; antiputrefactive.
Antiseptic	A substance which prevents or retards putrefaction, or destroys, or protects from, putrefactive organisms; as, salt, carbolic acid, alcohol, cinchona.
Antiseptically	By means of antiseptics.
Antislavery	Opposed to slavery.
Antislavery	Opposition to slavery.
Antisocial	Tending to interrupt or destroy social intercourse; averse to society, or hostile to its existence; as, antisocial principles.
Antisocialist	One opposed to the doctrines and practices of socialists or socialism.
Antisolar	Opposite to the sun; -- said of the point in the heavens 180 distant from the sun.
Antispasmodic	Good against spasms.
Antispasmodic	A medicine which prevents or allays spasms or convulsions.
Antispast	A foot of four syllables, the first and fourth short, and the second and third long (#).
Antispastic	Believed to cause a revulsion of fluids or of humors from one part to another.
Antispastic	Counteracting spasms; antispasmodic.
Antispastic	An antispastic agent.
Antisplenetic	Good as a remedy against disease of the spleen.
Antisplenetic	An antisplenetic medicine.
Antistrophe	In Greek choruses and dances, the returning of the chorus, exactly answering to a previous strophe or movement from right to left. Hence: The lines of this part of the choral song.
Antistrophe	The repetition of words in an inverse order; as, the master of the servant and the servant of the master.
Antistrophe	The retort or turning of an adversary's plea against him.
Antistrophic	Of or pertaining to an antistrophe.
Antistrophon	An argument retorted on an opponent.
Antistrumatic	Antistrumous.
Antistrumatic	A medicine for scrofula.
Antistrumous	Good against scrofulous disorders.
Antisyphilitic	Efficacious against syphilis.
Antisyphilitic	A medicine for syphilis.
Antitheism	The doctrine of antitheists.
Antitheist	A disbeliever in the existence of God.
Antitheses	of Antithesis
Antithesis	An opposition or contrast of words or sentiments occurring in the same sentence; as, "The prodigal robs his heir; the miser robs himself."  "He had covertly shot at Cromwell; he how openly aimed at the Queen."
Antithesis	The second of two clauses forming an antithesis.
Antithesis	Opposition; contrast.
Antithet	An antithetic or contrasted statement.
Antithetic	Alt. of Antithetical
Antithetical	Pertaining to antithesis, or opposition of words and sentiments; containing, or of the nature of, antithesis; contrasted.
Antithetically	By way antithesis.
Antitoxin	Alt. of Antitoxine
Antitoxine	A substance (sometimes the product of a specific micro-organism and sometimes naturally present in the blood or tissues of an animal), capable of producing immunity from certain diseases, or of counteracting the poisonous effects of pathogenic bacteria.
Anti-trade	A tropical wind blowing steadily in a direction opposite to the trade wind.
Antitragus	A prominence on the lower posterior portion of the concha of the external ear, opposite the tragus. See Ear.
Antitrochanter	An articular surface on the ilium of birds against which the great trochanter of the femur plays.
Antitropal	Alt. of Antitropous
Antitropous	At the extremity most remote from the hilum, as the embryo, or inverted with respect to the seed, as the radicle.
Antitypal	Antitypical.
Antitype	That of which the type is the pattern or representation; that which is represented by the type or symbol.
Antitypical	Of or pertaining to an antitype; explaining the type.
Antitypous	Resisting blows; hard.
Antitypy	Opposition or resistance of matter to force.
Antivaccination	Opposition to vaccination.
Antivaccinationist	An antivaccinist.
Antivaccinist	One opposed to vaccination.
Antivariolous	Preventing the contagion of smallpox.
Antivenereal	Good against venereal poison; antisyphilitic.
Antivivisection	Opposition to vivisection.
Antivivisectionist	One opposed to vivisection
Antizymic	Preventing fermentation.
Antizymotic	Preventing fermentation or decomposition.
Antizymotic	An agent so used.
Antler	The entire horn, or any branch of the horn, of a cervine animal, as of a stag.
Antlered	Furnished with antlers.
Antilae	of Antlia
Antlia	The spiral tubular proboscis of lepidopterous insects. See Lepidoptera.
Ant-lion	A neuropterous insect, the larva of which makes in the sand a pitfall to capture ants, etc. The common American species is Myrmeleon obsoletus, the European is M. formicarius.
Antoeci	Alt. of Antoecians
Antoecians	Those who live under the same meridian, but on opposite parallels of latitude, north and south of the equator.
Antonomasia	The use of some epithet or the name of some office, dignity, or the like, instead of the proper name of the person; as when his majesty is used for a king, or when, instead of Aristotle, we say, the philosopher; or, conversely, the use of a proper name instead of an appellative, as when a wise man is called a Solomon, or an eminent orator a Cicero.
Antonomastic	Pertaining to, or characterized by, antonomasia.
Antonomasy	Antonomasia.
Antonym	A word of opposite meaning; a counterterm; -- used as a correlative of synonym.
Antorbital	Pertaining to, or situated in, the region of the front of the orbit.
Antorbital	The antorbital bone.
Antorgastic	See Antiorgastic.
Antozone	A compound formerly supposed to be modification of oxygen, but now known to be hydrogen dioxide; -- so called because apparently antagonistic to ozone, converting it into ordinary oxygen.
Antral	Relating to an antrum.
Antre	A cavern.
Antrorse	Forward or upward in direction.
Antrovert	To bend forward.
Antra	of Antrum
Antrum	A cavern or cavity, esp. an anatomical cavity or sinus
Antrustion	A vassal or voluntary follower of Frankish princes in their enterprises
Ant thrush	One of several species of tropical birds, of the Old World, of the genus Pitta, somewhat resembling the thrushes, and feeding chiefly on ants.
Ant thrush	See Ant bird, under Ant.
Anubis	An Egyptian deity, the conductor of departed spirits, represented by a human figure with the head of a dog or fox.
Anura	One of the orders of amphibians characterized by the absence of a tail, as the frogs and toads.
Anurous	Destitute of a tail, as the frogs and toads.
Anury	Nonsecretion or defective secretion of urine; ischury.
Anus	The posterior opening of the alimentary canal, through which the excrements are expelled.
Anvil	An iron block, usually with a steel face, upon which metals are hammered and shaped.
Anvil	Anything resembling an anvil in shape or use.
Anvil	the incus. See Incus.
Anvil	To form or shape on an anvil; to hammer out; as, anviled armor.
Anxietude	The state of being anxious; anxiety.
Anxieties	of Anxiety
Anxiety	Concern or solicitude respecting some thing or event, future or uncertain, which disturbs the mind, and keeps it in a state of painful uneasiness.
Anxiety	Eager desire.
Anxiety	A state of restlessness and agitation, often with general indisposition and a distressing sense of oppression at the epigastrium.
Anxious	Full of anxiety or disquietude; greatly concerned or solicitous, esp. respecting something future or unknown; being in painful suspense; -- applied to persons; as, anxious for the issue of a battle.
Anxious	Accompanied with, or causing, anxiety; worrying; -- applied to things; as, anxious labor.
Anxious	Earnestly desirous; as, anxious to please.
Anxiously	In an anxious manner; with painful uncertainty; solicitously.
Anxiousness	The quality of being anxious; great solicitude; anxiety.
Any	One indifferently, out of an indefinite number; one indefinitely, whosoever or whatsoever it may be.
Any	Some, of whatever kind, quantity, or number; as, are there any witnesses present? are there any other houses like it?
Any	To any extent; in any degree; at all.
Anybody	Any one out of an indefinite number of persons; anyone; any person.
Anybody	A person of consideration or standing.
Anyhow	In any way or manner whatever; at any rate; in any event.
Anyone	One taken at random rather than by selection; anybody. [Commonly written as two words.]
Anything	Any object, act, state, event, or fact whatever; thing of any kind; something or other; aught; as, I would not do it for anything.
Anything	Expressing an indefinite comparison; -- with as or like.
Anything	In any measure; anywise; at all.
Anythingarian	One who holds to no particular creed or dogma.
Anyway	Alt. of Anyways
Anyways	Anywise; at all.
Anywhere	In any place.
Anywhither	To or towards any place.
Anywise	In any wise or way; at all.
Aonian	Pertaining to Aonia, in B/otia, or to the Muses, who were supposed to dwell there.
Aorist	A tense in the Greek language, which expresses an action as completed in past time, but leaves it, in other respects, wholly indeterminate.
Aoristic	Indefinite; pertaining to the aorist tense.
Aorta	The great artery which carries the blood from the heart to all parts of the body except the lungs; the main trunk of the arterial system.
Aortic	Of or pertaining to the aorta.
Aortitis	Inflammation of the aorta.
Aoudad	An African sheeplike quadruped (the Ammotragus tragelaphus) having a long mane on the breast and fore legs. It is, perhaps, the chamois of the Old Testament.
Apace	With a quick pace; quick; fast; speedily.
Apaches	A group of nomadic North American Indians including several tribes native of Arizona, New Mexico, etc.
Apagoge	An indirect argument which proves a thing by showing the impossibility or absurdity of the contrary.
Apagogic	Alt. of Apagogical
Apagogical	Proving indirectly, by showing the absurdity, or impossibility of the contrary.
Apaid	Paid; pleased.
Apair	To impair or become impaired; to injure.
Apalachian	See Appalachian.
Apanage	Same as Appanage.
Apanthropy	An aversion to the company of men; a love of solitude.
Apar	Alt. of Apara
Apara	See Mataco.
Aparejo	A kind of pack saddle used in the American military service and among the Spanish Americans. It is made of leather stuffed with hay, moss, or the like.
Aparithmesis	Enumeration of parts or particulars.
Apart	Separately, in regard to space or company; in a state of separation as to place; aside.
Apart	In a state of separation, of exclusion, or of distinction, as to purpose, use, or character, or as a matter of thought; separately; independently; as, consider the two propositions apart.
Apart	Aside; away.
Apart	In two or more parts; asunder; to piece; as, to take a piece of machinery apart.
Apartment	A room in a building; a division in a house, separated from others by partitions.
Apartment	A set or suite of rooms.
Apartment	A compartment.
Apartness	The quality of standing apart.
Apastron	That point in the orbit of a double star where the smaller star is farthest from its primary.
Apathetic	Alt. of Apathetical
Apathetical	Void of feeling; not susceptible of deep emotion; passionless; indifferent.
Apathetically	In an apathetic manner.
Apathist	One who is destitute of feeling.
Apathistical	Apathetic; une motional.
Apathies	of Apathy
Apathy	Want of feeling; privation of passion, emotion, or excitement; dispassion; -- applied either to the body or the mind. As applied to the mind, it is a calmness, indolence, or state of indifference, incapable of being ruffled or roused to active interest or exertion by pleasure, pain, or passion.
Apatite	Native phosphate of lime, occurring usually in six-sided prisms, color often pale green, transparent or translucent.
Apaume	See Appaume.
Ape	A quadrumanous mammal, esp. of the family Simiadae, having teeth of the same number and form as in man, and possessing neither a tail nor cheek pouches. The name is applied esp. to species of the genus Hylobates, and is sometimes used as a general term for all Quadrumana. The higher forms, the gorilla, chimpanzee, and ourang, are often called anthropoid apes or man apes.
Ape	One who imitates servilely (in allusion to the manners of the ape); a mimic.
Ape	A dupe.
Aped	of Ape
Aping	of Ape
Ape	To mimic, as an ape imitates human actions; to imitate or follow servilely or irrationally.
Apeak	In a vertical line. The anchor in apeak, when the cable has been sufficiently hove in to bring the ship over it, and the ship is them said to be hove apeak.
Apehood	The state of being an ape.
Apellous	Destitute of skin.
Apennine	Of, pertaining to, or designating, the Apennines, a chain of mountains extending through Italy.
Apepsy	Defective digestion, indigestion.
Aper	One who apes.
Aperea	The wild Guinea pig of Brazil (Cavia aperea).
Aperient	Gently opening the bowels; laxative.
Aperient	An aperient medicine or food.
Aperitive	Serving to open; aperient.
Apert	Open; evident; undisguised.
Apert	Openly.
Apertion	The act of opening; an opening; an aperture.
Apertly	Openly; clearly.
Apertness	Openness; frankness.
Aperture	The act of opening.
Aperture	An opening; an open space; a gap, cleft, or chasm; a passage perforated; a hole; as, an aperture in a wall.
Aperture	The diameter of the exposed part of the object glass of a telescope or other optical instrument; as, a telescope of four-inch aperture.
Aperies	of Apery
Apery	A place where apes are kept.
Apery	The practice of aping; an apish action.
Apetalous	Having no petals, or flower leaves. [See Illust. under Anther].
Apetalousness	The state of being apetalous.
Apexes	of Apex
Apices	of Apex
Apex	The tip, top, point, or angular summit of anything; as, the apex of a mountain, spire, or cone; the apex, or tip, of a leaf.
Apex	The end or edge of a vein nearest the surface.
Aphaeresis	Same as Apheresis.
Aphakia	An anomalous state of refraction caused by the absence of the crystalline lens, as after operations for cataract. The remedy is the use of powerful convex lenses.
Aphakial	Pertaining to aphakia; as, aphakial eyes.
Aphaniptera	A group of wingless insects, of which the flea in the type. See Flea.
Aphanipterous	Of or pertaining to the Aphaniptera.
Aphanite	A very compact, dark-colored /ock, consisting of hornblende, or pyroxene, and feldspar, but neither of them in perceptible grains.
Aphanitic	Resembling aphanite; having a very fine-grained structure.
Aphasia	Alt. of Aphasy
Aphasy	Loss of the power of speech, or of the appropriate use of words, the vocal organs remaining intact, and the intelligence being preserved. It is dependent on injury or disease of the brain.
Aphasic	Pertaining to, or affected by, aphasia; speechless.
Aphelia	of Aphelion
Aphelion	That point of a planet's or comet's orbit which is most distant from the sun, the opposite point being the perihelion.
Apheliotropic	Turning away from the sun; -- said of leaves, etc.
Apheliotropism	The habit of bending from the sunlight; -- said of certain plants.
Aphemia	Loss of the power of speaking, while retaining the power of writing; -- a disorder of cerebral origin.
Apheresis	The dropping of a letter or syllable from the beginning of a word; e. g., cute for acute.
Apheresis	An operation by which any part is separated from the rest.
Aphesis	The loss of a short unaccented vowel at the beginning of a word; -- the result of a phonetic process; as, squire for esquire.
Aphetic	Shortened by dropping a letter or a syllable from the beginning of a word; as, an aphetic word or form.
Aphetism	An aphetized form of a word.
Aphetize	To shorten by aphesis.
Aphid	One of the genus Aphis; an aphidian.
Aphides	See Aphis.
Aphidian	Of or pertaining to the family Aphidae.
Aphidian	One of the aphides; an aphid.
Aphidivorous	Devouring aphides; aphidophagous.
Aphidophagous	Feeding upon aphides, or plant lice, as do beetles of the family Coccinellidae.
Aphilanthropy	Want of love to mankind; -- the opposite of philanthropy.
Aphides	of Aphis
Aphis	A genus of insects belonging to the order Hemiptera and family Aphidae, including numerous species known as plant lice and green flies.
Aphis lion	The larva of the lacewinged flies (Chrysopa), which feeds voraciously upon aphids. The name is also applied to the larvae of the ladybugs (Coccinella).
Aphlogistic	Flameless; as, an aphlogistic lamp, in which a coil of wire is kept in a state of continued ignition by alcohol, without flame.
Aphonia	Alt. of Aphony
Aphony	Loss of voice or vocal utterance.
Aphonic	Alt. of Aphonous
Aphonous	Without voice; voiceless; nonvocal.
Aphorism	A comprehensive maxim or principle expressed in a few words; a sharply defined sentence relating to abstract truth rather than to practical matters.
Aphorismatic	Alt. of Aphorismic
Aphorismic	Pertaining to aphorisms, or having the form of an aphorism.
Aphorismer	A dealer in aphorisms.
Aphorist	A writer or utterer of aphorisms.
Aphoristic	Alt. of Aphoristical
Aphoristical	In the form of, or of the nature of, an aphorism; in the form of short, unconnected sentences; as, an aphoristic style.
Aphoristically	In the form or manner of aphorisms; pithily.
Aphorize	To make aphorisms.
Aphrite	See under Calcite.
Aphrodisiac	Alt. of Aphrodisiacal
Aphrodisiacal	Exciting venereal desire; provocative to venery.
Aphrodisiac	That which (as a drug, or some kinds of food) excites to venery.
Aphrodisian	Pertaining to Aphrodite or Venus. "Aphrodisian dames" [that is, courtesans].
Aphrodite	The Greek goddess of love, corresponding to the Venus of the Romans.
Aphrodite	A large marine annelid, covered with long, lustrous, golden, hairlike setae; the sea mouse.
Aphrodite	A beautiful butterfly (Argunnis Aphrodite) of the United States.
Aphroditic	Venereal.
Aphtha	One of the whitish specks called aphthae.
Aphtha	The disease, also called thrush.
Aphthae	Roundish pearl-colored specks or flakes in the mouth, on the lips, etc., terminating in white sloughs. They are commonly characteristic of thrush.
Aphthoid	Of the nature of aphthae; resembling thrush.
Aphthong	A letter, or a combination of letters, employed in spelling a word, but in the pronunciation having no sound.
Aphthous	Pertaining to, or caused by, aphthae; characterized by aphtae; as, aphthous ulcers; aphthous fever.
Aphyllous	Destitute of leaves, as the broom rape, certain euphorbiaceous plants, etc.
Apiaceous	Umbelliferous.
Apian	Belonging to bees.
Apiarian	Of or relating to bees.
Apiarist	One who keeps an apiary.
Apiary	A place where bees are kept; a stand or shed for bees; a beehouse.
Apical	At or belonging to an apex, tip, or summit.
Apices	See Apex.
Apician	Belonging to Apicius, a notorious Roman epicure; hence applied to whatever is peculiarly refined or dainty and expensive in cookery.
Apicular	Situated at, or near, the apex; apical.
Apiculate	Alt. of Apiculated
Apiculated	Terminated abruptly by a small, distinct point, as a leaf.
Apiculture	Rearing of bees for their honey and wax.
Apiece	Each by itself; by the single one; to each; as the share of each; as, these melons cost a shilling apiece.
Apieces	In pieces or to pieces.
Apiked	Trimmed.
Apiol	An oily liquid derived from parsley.
Apiologist	A student of bees.
Apis	A genus of insects of the order Hymenoptera, including the common honeybee (Apis mellifica) and other related species. See Honeybee.
Apish	Having the qualities of an ape; prone to imitate in a servile manner. Hence: Apelike; fantastically silly; foppish; affected; trifling.
Apishly	In an apish manner; with servile imitation; foppishly.
Apishness	The quality of being apish; mimicry; foppery.
Apitpat	With quick beating or palpitation; pitapat.
Aplacental	Belonging to the Aplacentata; without placenta.
Aplacentata	Mammals which have no placenta.
Aplacophora	A division of Amphineura in which the body is naked or covered with slender spines or setae, but is without shelly plates.
Aplanatic	Having two or more parts of different curvatures, so combined as to remove spherical aberration; -- said of a lens.
Aplanatism	Freedom from spherical aberration.
Aplastic	Not plastic or easily molded.
Aplomb	Assurance of manner or of action; self-possession.
Aplotomy	Simple incision.
Aplustre	An ornamental appendage of wood at the ship's stern, usually spreading like a fan and curved like a bird's feather.
Aplysia	A genus of marine mollusks of the order Tectibranchiata; the sea hare. Some of the species when disturbed throw out a deep purple liquor, which colors the water to some distance. See Illust. in Appendix.
Apneumona	An order of holothurians in which the internal respiratory organs are wanting; -- called also Apoda or Apodes.
Apnoea	Partial privation or suspension of breath; suffocation.
Apo	A prefix from a Greek preposition. It usually signifies from, away from, off, or asunder, separate; as, in apocope (a cutting off), apostate, apostle (one sent away), apocarpous.
Apocalypse	The revelation delivered to St. John, in the isle of Patmos, near the close of the first century, forming the last book of the New Testament.
Apocalypse	Anything viewed as a revelation; a disclosure.
Apocalyptic	Alt. of Apocalyptical
Apocalyptical	Of or pertaining to a revelation, or, specifically, to the Revelation of St. John; containing, or of the nature of, a prophetic revelation.
Apocalyptic	Alt. of Apocalyptist
Apocalyptist	The writer of the Apocalypse.
Apocalyptically	By revelation; in an apocalyptic manner.
Apocarpous	Either entirely or partially separate, as the carpels of a compound pistil; -- opposed to syncarpous.
Apocopate	To cut off or drop; as, to apocopate a word, or the last letter, syllable, or part of a word.
Apocopate	Alt. of Apocopated
Apocopated	Shortened by apocope; as, an apocopate form.
Apocopation	Shortening by apocope; the state of being apocopated.
Apocope	The cutting off, or omission, of the last letter, syllable, or part of a word.
Apocope	A cutting off; abscission.
Apocrisiary	Alt. of Apocrisiarius
Apocrisiarius	A delegate or deputy; especially, the pope's nuncio or legate at Constantinople.
Apocrustic	Astringent and repellent.
Apocrustic	An apocrustic medicine.
Apocryphas	of Apocrypha
Apocrypha	Something, as a writing, that is of doubtful authorship or authority; -- formerly used also adjectively.
Apocrypha	Specif.: Certain writings which are received by some Christians as an authentic part of the Holy Scriptures, but are rejected by others.
Apocryphal	Pertaining to the Apocrypha.
Apocryphal	Not canonical. Hence: Of doubtful authority; equivocal; mythic; fictitious; spurious; false.
Apocryphalist	One who believes in, or defends, the Apocrypha.
Apocryphally	In an apocryphal manner; mythically; not indisputably.
Apocryphalness	The quality or state of being apocryphal; doubtfulness of credit or genuineness.
Apocynaceous	Alt. of Apocyneous
Apocyneous	Belonging to, or resembling, a family of plants, of which the dogbane (Apocynum) is the type.
Apocynin	A bitter principle obtained from the dogbane (Apocynum cannabinum).
Apod	Alt. of Apodal
Apodal	Without feet; footless.
Apodal	Destitute of the ventral fin, as the eels.
Apods	of Apode
Apodes	of Apode
Apod	Alt. of Apode
Apode	One of certain animals that have no feet or footlike organs; esp. one of certain fabulous birds which were said to have no feet.
Apoda	A group of cirripeds, destitute of footlike organs.
Apoda	An order of Amphibia without feet. See Ophiomorpha.
Apoda	A group of worms without appendages, as the leech.
Apodan	Apodal.
Apodeictic	Alt. of Apodictical
Apodictic	Alt. of Apodictical
Apodeictical	Alt. of Apodictical
Apodictical	Self-evident; intuitively true; evident beyond contradiction.
Apodeictically	Alt. of Apodictically
Apodictically	So as to be evident beyond contradiction.
Apodeme	One of the processes of the shell which project inwards and unite with one another, in the thorax of many Crustacea.
Apodes	An order of fishes without ventral fins, including the eels.
Apodes	A group of holothurians destitute of suckers. See Apneumona.
Apodictic	Same as Apodeictic.
Apodixis	Full demonstration.
Apodosis	The consequent clause or conclusion in a conditional sentence, expressing the result, and thus distinguished from the protasis or clause which expresses a condition. Thus, in the sentence, "Though he slay me, yet will I trust in him," the former clause is the protasis, and the latter the apodosis.
Apodous	Apodal; apod.
Apodyterium	The apartment at the entrance of the baths, or in the palestra, where one stripped; a dressing room.
Apogaic	Apogean.
Apogamic	Relating to apogamy.
Apogamy	The formation of a bud in place of a fertilized ovule or oospore.
Apogeal	Apogean.
Apogean	Connected with the apogee; as, apogean (neap) tides, which occur when the moon has passed her apogee.
Apogee	That point in the orbit of the moon which is at the greatest distance from the earth.
Apogee	Fig.: The farthest or highest point; culmination.
Apogeotropic	Bending away from the ground; -- said of leaves, etc.
Apogeotropism	The apogeotropic tendency of some leaves, and other parts.
Apograph	A copy or transcript.
Apohyal	Of or pertaining to a portion of the horn of the hyoid bone.
Apoise	Balanced.
Apolar	Having no radiating processes; -- applied particularly to certain nerve cells.
Apolaustic	Devoted to enjoyment.
Apollinarian	In honor of Apollo; as, the Apollinarian games.
Apollinarian	A follower of Apollinaris, Bishop of Laodicea in the fourth century, who denied the proper humanity of Christ.
Apollinaris water	An effervescing alkaline mineral water used as a table beverage. It is obtained from a spring in Apollinarisburg, near Bonn.
Apollo	A deity among the Greeks and Romans. He was the god of light and day (the "sun god"), of archery, prophecy, medicine, poetry, and music, etc., and was represented as the model of manly grace and beauty; -- called also Phebus.
Apollonian	Alt. of Apollonic
Apollonic	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, Apollo.
Apollyon	The Destroyer; -- a name used (Rev. ix. 11) for the angel of the bottomless pit, answering to the Hebrew Abaddon.
Apologer	A teller of apologues.
Apologetic	Alt. of Apologetical
Apologetical	Defending by words or arguments; said or written in defense, or by way of apology; regretfully excusing; as, an apologetic essay.
Apologetically	By way of apology.
Apologetics	That branch of theology which defends the Holy Scriptures, and sets forth the evidence of their divine authority.
Apologist	One who makes an apology; one who speaks or writes in defense of a faith, a cause, or an institution; especially, one who argues in defense of Christianity.
Apologized	of Apologize
Apologizing	of Apologize
Apologize	To make an apology or defense.
Apologize	To make an apology or excuse; to make acknowledgment of some fault or offense, with expression of regret for it, by way of amends; -- with for; as, my correspondent apologized for not answering my letter.
Apologize	To defend.
Apologizer	One who makes an apology; an apologist.
Apologue	A story or relation of fictitious events, intended to convey some moral truth; a moral fable.
Apologies	of Apology
Apology	Something said or written in defense or justification of what appears to others wrong, or of what may be liable to disapprobation; justification; as, Tertullian's Apology for Christianity.
Apology	An acknowledgment intended as an atonement for some improper or injurious remark or act; an admission to another of a wrong or discourtesy done him, accompanied by an expression of regret.
Apology	Anything provided as a substitute; a makeshift.
Apology	To offer an apology.
Apomecometer	An instrument for measuring the height of objects.
Apomecometry	The art of measuring the distance of objects afar off.
Apomorphia	Alt. of Apomorphine
Apomorphine	A crystalline alkaloid obtained from morphia. It is a powerful emetic.
Aponeuroses	of Aponeurosis
Aponeurosis	Any one of the thicker and denser of the deep fasciae which cover, invest, and the terminations and attachments of, many muscles. They often differ from tendons only in being flat and thin. See Fascia.
Aponeurotic	Of or pertaining to an aponeurosis.
Aponeurotomy	Dissection of aponeuroses.
Apopemptic	Sung or addressed to one departing; valedictory; as, apoplectic songs or hymns.
Apophasis	A figure by which a speaker formally declines to take notice of a favorable point, but in such a manner as to produce the effect desired. [For example, see Mark Antony's oration. Shak., Julius Caesar, iii. 2.]
Apophlegmatic	Designed to facilitate discharges of phlegm or mucus from mouth or nostrils.
Apophlegmatic	An apophlegmatic medicine.
Apophlegmatism	The action of apophlegmatics.
Apophlegmatism	An apophlegmatic.
Apophlegmatizant	An apophlegmatic.
Apophthegm	See Apothegm.
Apophthegmatic	Alt. of Apophthegmatical
Apophthegmatical	Same as Apothegmatic.
Apophyge	The small hollow curvature given to the top or bottom of the shaft of a column where it expands to meet the edge of the fillet; -- called also the scape.
Apophyllite	A mineral relating to the zeolites, usually occurring in square prisms or octahedrons with pearly luster on the cleavage surface. It is a hydrous silicate of calcium and potassium.
-ses	of Apophysis
Apophysis	A marked prominence or process on any part of a bone.
Apophysis	An enlargement at the top of a pedicel or stem, as seen in certain mosses.
Apoplectic	Alt. of Apoplectical
Apoplectical	Relating to apoplexy; affected with, inclined to, or symptomatic of, apoplexy; as, an apoplectic person, medicine, habit or temperament, symptom, fit, or stroke.
Apoplectic	One liable to, or affected with, apoplexy.
Apoplectiform	Alt. of Apoplectoid
Apoplectoid	Resembling apoplexy.
Apoplex	Apoplexy.
Apoplexed	Affected with apoplexy.
Apoplexy	Sudden diminution or loss of consciousness, sensation, and voluntary motion, usually caused by pressure on the brain.
Aporetical	Doubting; skeptical.
Aporias	of Aporia
Aporia	A figure in which the speaker professes to be at a loss what course to pursue, where to begin to end, what to say, etc.
Aporosa	A group of corals in which the coral is not porous; -- opposed to Perforata.
Aporose	Without pores.
Aport	On or towards the port or left side; -- said of the helm.
Aposiopesis	A figure of speech in which the speaker breaks off suddenly, as if unwilling or unable to state what was in his mind; as, "I declare to you that his conduct -- but I can not speak of that, here."
Apositic	Destroying the appetite, or suspending hunger.
Apostasies	of Apostasy
Apostasy	An abandonment of what one has voluntarily professed; a total desertion of departure from one's faith, principles, or party; esp., the renunciation of a religious faith; as, Julian's apostasy from Christianity.
Apostate	One who has forsaken the faith, principles, or party, to which he before adhered; esp., one who has forsaken his religion for another; a pervert; a renegade.
Apostate	One who, after having received sacred orders, renounces his clerical profession.
Apostate	Pertaining to, or characterized by, apostasy; faithless to moral allegiance; renegade.
Apostate	To apostatize.
Apostatic	Apostatical.
Apostatical	Apostate.
Apostatized	of Apostatize
Apostatizing	of Apostatize
Apostatize	To renounce totally a religious belief once professed; to forsake one's church, the faith or principles once held, or the party to which one has previously adhered.
Apostemate	To form an abscess; to swell and fill with pus.
Apostemation	The formation of an aposteme; the process of suppuration.
Apostematous	Pertaining to, or partaking of the nature of, an aposteme.
Aposteme	An abscess; a swelling filled with purulent matter.
A posteriori	Characterizing that kind of reasoning which derives propositions from the observation of facts, or by generalizations from facts arrives at principles and definitions, or infers causes from effects. This is the reverse of a priori reasoning.
A posteriori	Applied to knowledge which is based upon or derived from facts through induction or experiment; inductive or empirical.
Apostil	Alt. of Apostille
Apostille	A marginal note on a letter or other paper; an annotation.
Apostle	Literally: One sent forth; a messenger. Specifically: One of the twelve disciples of Christ, specially chosen as his companions and witnesses, and sent forth to preach the gospel.
Apostle	The missionary who first plants the Christian faith in any part of the world; also, one who initiates any great moral reform, or first advocates any important belief; one who has extraordinary success as a missionary or reformer; as, Dionysius of Corinth is called the apostle of France, John Eliot the apostle to the Indians, Theobald Mathew the apostle of temperance.
Apostle	A brief letter dimissory sent by a court appealed from to the superior court, stating the case, etc.; a paper sent up on appeals in the admiralty courts.
Apostleship	The office or dignity of an apostle.
Apostolate	The dignity, office, or mission, of an apostle; apostleship.
Apostolate	The dignity or office of the pope, as the holder of the apostolic see.
Apostolic	Alt. of Apostolical
Apostolical	Pertaining to an apostle, or to the apostles, their times, or their peculiar spirit; as, an apostolical mission; the apostolic age.
Apostolical	According to the doctrines of the apostles; delivered or taught by the apostles; as, apostolic faith or practice.
Apostolical	Of or pertaining to the pope or the papacy; papal.
Apostolic	A member of one of certain ascetic sects which at various times professed to imitate the practice of the apostles.
Apostolically	In an apostolic manner.
Apostolicalness	Apostolicity.
Apostolicism	Alt. of Apostolicity
Apostolicity	The state or quality of being apostolical.
Apostrophe	A figure of speech by which the orator or writer suddenly breaks off from the previous method of his discourse, and addresses, in the second person, some person or thing, absent or present; as, Milton's apostrophe to Light at the beginning of the third book of "Paradise Lost."
Apostrophe	The contraction of a word by the omission of a letter or letters, which omission is marked by the character ['] placed where the letter or letters would have been; as, call'd for called.
Apostrophe	The mark ['] used to denote that a word is contracted (as in ne'er for never, can't for can not), and as a sign of the possessive, singular and plural; as, a boy's hat, boys' hats. In the latter use it originally marked the omission of the letter e.
Apostrophic	Pertaining to an apostrophe, grammatical or rhetorical.
Apostrophize	To address by apostrophe.
Apostrophize	To contract by omitting a letter or letters; also, to mark with an apostrophe (') or apostrophes.
Apostrophize	To use the rhetorical figure called apostrophe.
Apostume	See Aposteme.
Apotactite	One of a sect of ancient Christians, who, in supposed imitation of the first believers, renounced all their possessions.
Apotelesm	The result or issue.
Apotelesm	The calculation and explanation of a nativity.
Apotelesmatic	Relating to the casting of horoscopes.
Apotelesmatic	Relating to an issue of fulfillment.
Apothecaries	of Apothecary
Apothecary	One who prepares and sells drugs or compounds for medicinal purposes.
Apothecia	of Apothecium
Apothecium	The ascigerous fructification of lichens, forming masses of various shapes.
Apothegm	Alt. of Apophthegm
Apophthegm	A short, pithy, and instructive saying; a terse remark, conveying some important truth; a sententious precept or maxim.
Apothegmatic	Alt. of Apothegmatical
Apothegmatical	Pertaining to, or in the manner of, an apothegm; sententious; pithy.
Apothegmatist	A collector or maker of apothegms.
Apothegmatize	To utter apothegms, or short and sententious sayings.
Apothem	The perpendicular from the center to one of the sides of a regular polygon.
Apothem	A deposit formed in a liquid extract of a vegetable substance by exposure to the air.
Apotheoses	of Apotheosis
Apotheosis	The act of elevating a mortal to the rank of, and placing him among, "the gods;" deification.
Apotheosis	Glorification; exaltation.
Apotheosize	To exalt to the dignity of a deity; to declare to be a god; to deify; to glorify.
Apothesis	A place on the south side of the chancel in the primitive churches, furnished with shelves, for books, vestments, etc.
Apothesis	A dressing room connected with a public bath.
Apotome	The difference between two quantities commensurable only in power, as between 2 and 1, or between the diagonal and side of a square.
Apotome	The remaining part of a whole tone after a smaller semitone has been deducted from it; a major semitone.
Apozem	A decoction or infusion.
Apozemical	Pertaining to, or resembling, a decoction.
Appair	To impair; to grow worse.
Appalachian	Of or pertaining to a chain of mountains in the United States, commonly called the Allegheny mountains.
Appalled	of Appall
Appalling	of Appall
Appall	To make pale; to blanch.
Appall	To weaken; to enfeeble; to reduce; as, an old appalled wight.
Appall	To depress or discourage with fear; to impress with fear in such a manner that the mind shrinks, or loses its firmness; to overcome with sudden terror or horror; to dismay; as, the sight appalled the stoutest heart.
Appall	To grow faint; to become weak; to become dismayed or discouraged.
Appall	To lose flavor or become stale.
Appall	Terror; dismay.
Appalling	Such as to appall; as, an appalling accident.
Appallment	Depression occasioned by terror; dismay.
Appanage	The portion of land assigned by a sovereign prince for the subsistence of his younger sons.
Appanage	A dependency; a dependent territory.
Appanage	That which belongs to one by custom or right; a natural adjunct or accompaniment.
Appanagist	A prince to whom an appanage has been granted.
Apparaillyng	Preparation.
Apparatus	of Apparatus
Apparatuses	of Apparatus
Apparatus	Things provided as means to some end.
Apparatus	Hence: A full collection or set of implements, or utensils, for a given duty, experimental or operative; any complex instrument or appliance, mechanical or chemical, for a specific action or operation; machinery; mechanism.
Apparatus	A collection of organs all of which unite in a common function; as, the respiratory apparatus.
Apparel	External clothing; vesture; garments; dress; garb; external habiliments or array.
Apparel	A small ornamental piece of embroidery worn on albs and some other ecclesiastical vestments.
Apparel	The furniture of a ship, as masts, sails, rigging, anchors, guns, etc.
Appareled	of Apparel
Apparelled	of Apparel
Appareling	of Apparel
Apparelling	of Apparel
Apparel	To make or get (something) ready; to prepare.
Apparel	To furnish with apparatus; to equip; to fit out.
Apparel	To dress or clothe; to attire.
Apparel	To dress with external ornaments; to cover with something ornamental; to deck; to embellish; as, trees appareled with flowers, or a garden with verdure.
Apparence	Appearance.
Apparency	Appearance.
Apparency	Apparentness; state of being apparent.
Apparency	The position of being heir apparent.
Apparent	Capable of being seen, or easily seen; open to view; visible to the eye; within sight or view.
Apparent	Clear or manifest to the understanding; plain; evident; obvious; known; palpable; indubitable.
Apparent	Appearing to the eye or mind (distinguished from, but not necessarily opposed to, true or real); seeming; as the apparent motion or diameter of the sun.
Apparent	An heir apparent.
Apparently	Visibly.
Apparently	Plainly; clearly; manifestly; evidently.
Apparently	Seemingly; in appearance; as, a man may be apparently friendly, yet malicious in heart.
Apparentness	Plainness to the eye or the mind; visibleness; obviousness.
Apparition	The act of becoming visible; appearance; visibility.
Apparition	The thing appearing; a visible object; a form.
Apparition	An unexpected, wonderful, or preternatural appearance; a ghost; a specter; a phantom.
Apparition	The first appearance of a star or other luminary after having been invisible or obscured; -- opposed to occultation.
Apparitional	Pertaining to an apparition or to apparitions; spectral.
Apparitor	Formerly, an officer who attended magistrates and judges to execute their orders.
Apparitor	A messenger or officer who serves the process of an ecclesiastical court.
Appaume	A hand open and extended so as to show the palm.
Appay	To pay; to satisfy or appease.
Appeach	To impeach; to accuse; to asperse; to inform against; to reproach.
Appeacher	An accuser.
Appeachment	Accusation.
Appealed	of Appeal
Appealing	of Appeal
Appeal	To make application for the removal of (a cause) from an inferior to a superior judge or court for a rehearing or review on account of alleged injustice or illegality in the trial below. We say, the cause was appealed from an inferior court.
Appeal	To charge with a crime; to accuse; to institute a private criminal prosecution against for some heinous crime; as, to appeal a person of felony.
Appeal	To summon; to challenge.
Appeal	To invoke.
Appeal	To apply for the removal of a cause from an inferior to a superior judge or court for the purpose of reexamination of for decision.
Appeal	To call upon another to decide a question controverted, to corroborate a statement, to vindicate one's rights, etc.; as, I appeal to all mankind for the truth of what is alleged. Hence: To call on one for aid; to make earnest request.
Appeal	An application for the removal of a cause or suit from an inferior to a superior judge or court for reexamination or review.
Appeal	The mode of proceeding by which such removal is effected.
Appeal	The right of appeal.
Appeal	An accusation; a process which formerly might be instituted by one private person against another for some heinous crime demanding punishment for the particular injury suffered, rather than for the offense against the public.
Appeal	An accusation of a felon at common law by one of his accomplices, which accomplice was then called an approver. See Approvement.
Appeal	A summons to answer to a charge.
Appeal	A call upon a person or an authority for proof or decision, in one's favor; reference to another as witness; a call for help or a favor; entreaty.
Appeal	Resort to physical means; recourse.
Appealable	Capable of being appealed against; that may be removed to a higher tribunal for decision; as, the cause is appealable.
Appealable	That may be accused or called to answer by appeal; as, a criminal is appealable for manslaughter.
Appealant	An appellant.
Appealer	One who makes an appeal.
Appealing	That appeals; imploring.
Appeared	of Appear
Appearing	of Appear
Appear	To come or be in sight; to be in view; to become visible.
Appear	To come before the public; as, a great writer appeared at that time.
Appear	To stand in presence of some authority, tribunal, or superior person, to answer a charge, plead a cause, or the like; to present one's self as a party or advocate before a court, or as a person to be tried.
Appear	To become visible to the apprehension of the mind; to be known as a subject of observation or comprehension, or as a thing proved; to be obvious or manifest.
Appear	To seem; to have a certain semblance; to look.
Appear	Appearance.
Appearance	The act of appearing or coming into sight; the act of becoming visible to the eye; as, his sudden appearance surprised me.
Appearance	A thing seed; a phenomenon; a phase; an apparition; as, an appearance in the sky.
Appearance	Personal presence; exhibition of the person; look; aspect; mien.
Appearance	Semblance, or apparent likeness; external show. pl. Outward signs, or circumstances, fitted to make a particular impression or to determine the judgment as to the character of a person or a thing, an act or a state; as, appearances are against him.
Appearance	The act of appearing in a particular place, or in society, a company, or any proceedings; a coming before the public in a particular character; as, a person makes his appearance as an historian, an artist, or an orator.
Appearance	Probability; likelihood.
Appearance	The coming into court of either of the parties; the being present in court; the coming into court of a party summoned in an action, either by himself or by his attorney, expressed by a formal entry by the proper officer to that effect; the act or proceeding by which a party proceeded against places himself before the court, and submits to its jurisdiction.
Appearer	One who appears.
Appearingly	Apparently.
Appeasable	Capable of being appeased or pacified; placable.
Appealed	of Appease
Appeasing	of Appease
Appease	To make quiet; to calm; to reduce to a state of peace; to still; to pacify; to dispel (anger or hatred); as, to appease the tumult of the ocean, or of the passions; to appease hunger or thirst.
Appeasement	The act of appeasing, or the state of being appeased; pacification.
Appeaser	One who appeases; a pacifier.
Appeasive	Tending to appease.
Appellable	Appealable.
Appellancy	Capability of appeal.
Appellant	Relating to an appeal; appellate.
Appellant	One who accuses another of felony or treason.
Appellant	One who appeals, or asks for a rehearing or review of a cause by a higher tribunal.
Appellant	A challenger.
Appellant	One who appealed to a general council against the bull Unigenitus.
Appellant	One who appeals or entreats.
Appellate	Pertaining to, or taking cognizance of, appeals.
Appellate	A person or prosecuted for a crime. [Obs.] See Appellee.
Appellation	The act of appealing; appeal.
Appellation	The act of calling by a name.
Appellation	The word by which a particular person or thing is called and known; name; title; designation.
Appellative	Pertaining to a common name; serving as a distinctive denomination; denominative; naming.
Appellative	Common, as opposed to proper; denominative of a class.
Appellative	A common name, in distinction from a proper name. A common name, or appellative, stands for a whole class, genus, or species of beings, or for universal ideas. Thus, tree is the name of all plants of a particular class; plant and vegetable are names of things that grow out of the earth. A proper name, on the other hand, stands for a single thing; as, Rome, Washington, Lake Erie.
Appellative	An appellation or title; a descriptive name.
Appellatively	After the manner of nouns appellative; in a manner to express whole classes or species; as, Hercules is sometimes used appellatively, that is, as a common name, to signify a strong man.
Appellativeness	The quality of being appellative.
Appellatory	Containing an appeal.
Appellee	The defendant in an appeal; -- opposed to appellant.
Appellee	The person who is appealed against, or accused of crime; -- opposed to appellor.
Appellor	The person who institutes an appeal, or prosecutes another for a crime.
Appellor	One who confesses a felony committed and accuses his accomplices.
Appenage	See Appanage.
Appended	of Append
Appending	of Append
Append	To hang or attach to, as by a string, so that the thing is suspended; as, a seal appended to a record; the inscription was appended to the column.
Append	To add, as an accessory to the principal thing; to annex; as, notes appended to this chapter.
Appendage	Something appended to, or accompanying, a principal or greater thing, though not necessary to it, as a portico to a house.
Appendage	A subordinate or subsidiary part or organ; an external organ or limb, esp. of the articulates.
Appendaged	Furnished with, or supplemented by, an appendage.
Appendance	Something appendant.
Appendant	Hanging; annexed; adjunct; concomitant; as, a seal appendant to a paper.
Appendant	Appended by prescription, that is, a personal usage for a considerable time; -- said of a thing of inheritance belonging to another inheritance which is superior or more worthy; as, an advowson, common, etc. , which may be appendant to a manor, common of fishing to a freehold, a seat in church to a house.
Appendant	Anything attached to another as incidental or subordinate to it.
Appendant	A inheritance annexed by prescription to a superior inheritance.
Appendence	Alt. of Appendency
Appendency	State of being appendant; appendance.
Appendical	Of or like an appendix.
Appendicate	To append.
Appendication	An appendage.
Appendicitis	Inflammation of the vermiform appendix.
Appendicle	A small appendage.
Appendicular	Relating to an appendicle; appendiculate.
Appendicularia	A genus of small free-swimming Tunicata, shaped somewhat like a tadpole, and remarkable for resemblances to the larvae of other Tunicata. It is the type of the order Copelata or Larvalia. See Illustration in Appendix.
Appendiculata	An order of annelids; the Polych/ta.
Appendiculate	Having small appendages; forming an appendage.
Appendixes	of Appendix
Appendices	of Appendix
Appendix	Something appended or added; an appendage, adjunct, or concomitant.
Appendix	Any literary matter added to a book, but not necessarily essential to its completeness, and thus distinguished from supplement, which is intended to supply deficiencies and correct inaccuracies.
Appension	The act of appending.
Apperceive	To perceive; to comprehend.
Apperception	The mind's perception of itself as the subject or actor in its own states; perception that reflects upon itself; sometimes, intensified or energetic perception.
Apperil	Peril.
Appertained	of Appertain
Appertaining	of Appertain
Appertain	To belong or pertain, whether by right, nature, appointment, or custom; to relate.
Appertainment	That which appertains to a person; an appurtenance.
Appertinance	Alt. of Appertinence
Appertinence	See Appurtenance.
Appertinent	Belonging; appertaining.
Appertinent	That which belongs to something else; an appurtenant.
Appete	To seek for; to desire.
Appetence	A longing; a desire; especially an ardent desire; appetite; appetency.
Appetencies	of Appetency
Appetency	Fixed and strong desire; esp. natural desire; a craving; an eager appetite.
Appetency	Specifically: An instinctive inclination or propensity in animals to perform certain actions, as in the young to suck, in aquatic fowls to enter into water and to swim; the tendency of an organized body to seek what satisfies the wants of its organism.
Appetency	Natural tendency; affinity; attraction; -- used of inanimate objects.
Appetent	Desiring; eagerly desirous.
Appetibility	The quality of being desirable.
Appetible	Desirable; capable or worthy of being the object of desire.
Appetite	The desire for some personal gratification, either of the body or of the mind.
Appetite	Desire for, or relish of, food or drink; hunger.
Appetite	Any strong desire; an eagerness or longing.
Appetite	Tendency; appetency.
Appetite	The thing desired.
Appetition	Desire; a longing for, or seeking after, something.
Appetitive	Having the quality of desiring gratification; as, appetitive power or faculty.
Appetize	To make hungry; to whet the appetite of.
Appetizer	Something which creates or whets an appetite.
Appetizing	Exciting appetite; as, appetizing food.
Appetizing	So as to excite appetite.
Appian	Of or pertaining to Appius.
Applauded	of Applaud
Applauding	of Applaud
Applaud	To show approval of by clapping the hands, acclamation, or other significant sign.
Applaud	To praise by words; to express approbation of; to commend; to approve.
Applaud	To express approbation loudly or significantly.
Applauder	One who applauds.
Applausable	Worthy of applause; praiseworthy.
Applause	The act of applauding; approbation and praise publicly expressed by clapping the hands, stamping or tapping with the feet, acclamation, huzzas, or other means; marked commendation.
Applausive	Expressing applause; approbative.
Apple	The fleshy pome or fruit of a rosaceous tree (Pyrus malus) cultivated in numberless varieties in the temperate zones.
Apple	Any tree genus Pyrus which has the stalk sunken into the base of the fruit; an apple tree.
Apple	Any fruit or other vegetable production resembling, or supposed to resemble, the apple; as, apple of love, or love apple (a tomato), balsam apple, egg apple, oak apple.
Apple	Anything round like an apple; as, an apple of gold.
Apple	To grow like an apple; to bear apples.
Apple-faced	Having a round, broad face, like an apple.
Apple-jack	Apple brandy.
Apple-john	A kind of apple which by keeping becomes much withered; -- called also Johnapple.
Apple pie	A pie made of apples (usually sliced or stewed) with spice and sugar.
Apple-squire	A pimp; a kept gallant.
Appliable	Applicable; also, compliant.
Appliance	The act of applying; application; [Obs.] subservience.
Appliance	The thing applied or used as a means to an end; an apparatus or device; as, to use various appliances; a mechanical appliance; a machine with its appliances.
Applicability	The quality of being applicable or fit to be applied.
Applicable	Capable of being applied; fit or suitable to be applied; having relevance; as, this observation is applicable to the case under consideration.
Applicancy	The quality or state of being applicable.
Applicant	One who apples for something; one who makes request; a petitioner.
Applicate	Applied or put to some use.
Applicate	To apply.
Application	The act of applying or laying on, in a literal sense; as, the application of emollients to a diseased limb.
Application	The thing applied.
Application	The act of applying as a means; the employment of means to accomplish an end; specific use.
Application	The act of directing or referring something to a particular case, to discover or illustrate agreement or disagreement, fitness, or correspondence; as, I make the remark, and leave you to make the application; the application of a theory.
Application	Hence, in specific uses: (a) That part of a sermon or discourse in which the principles before laid down and illustrated are applied to practical uses; the "moral" of a fable. (b) The use of the principles of one science for the purpose of enlarging or perfecting another; as, the application of algebra to geometry.
Application	The capacity of being practically applied or used; relevancy; as, a rule of general application.
Application	The act of fixing the mind or closely applying one's self; assiduous effort; close attention; as, to injure the health by application to study.
Application	The act of making request of soliciting; as, an application for an office; he made application to a court of chancery.
Application	A request; a document containing a request; as, his application was placed on file.
Applicative	Capable of being applied or used; applying; applicatory; practical.
Applicatorily	By way of application.
Applicatory	Having the property of applying; applicative; practical.
Applicatory	That which applies.
Appliedly	By application.
Applier	He who, or that which, applies.
Appliment	Application.
Applique	Ornamented with a pattern (which has been cut out of another color or stuff) applied or transferred to a foundation; as, applique lace; applique work.
Applotted	of Applot
Applotting	of Applot
Applot	To divide into plots or parts; to apportion.
Applotment	Apportionment.
Applied	of Apply
Applying	of Apply
Apply	To lay or place; to put or adjust (one thing to another); -- with to; as, to apply the hand to the breast; to apply medicaments to a diseased part of the body.
Apply	To put to use; to use or employ for a particular purpose, or in a particular case; to appropriate; to devote; as, to apply money to the payment of a debt.
Apply	To make use of, declare, or pronounce, as suitable, fitting, or relative; as, to apply the testimony to the case; to apply an epithet to a person.
Apply	To fix closely; to engage and employ diligently, or with attention; to attach; to incline.
Apply	To direct or address.
Apply	To betake; to address; to refer; -- used reflexively.
Apply	To busy; to keep at work; to ply.
Apply	To visit.
Apply	To suit; to agree; to have some connection, agreement, or analogy; as, this argument applies well to the case.
Apply	To make request; to have recourse with a view to gain something; to make application. (to); to solicit; as, to apply to a friend for information.
Apply	To ply; to move.
Apply	To apply or address one's self; to give application; to attend closely (to).
Appoggiatura	A passing tone preceding an essential tone, and borrowing the time it occupies from that; a short auxiliary or grace note one degree above or below the principal note unless it be of the same harmony; -- generally indicated by a note of smaller size, as in the illustration above. It forms no essential part of the harmony.
Appointed	of Appoint
Appointing	of Appoint
Appoint	To fix with power or firmness; to establish; to mark out.
Appoint	To fix by a decree, order, command, resolve, decision, or mutual agreement; to constitute; to ordain; to prescribe; to fix the time and place of.
Appoint	To assign, designate, or set apart by authority.
Appoint	To furnish in all points; to provide with everything necessary by way of equipment; to equip; to fit out.
Appoint	To point at by way, or for the purpose, of censure or commendation; to arraign.
Appoint	To direct, designate, or limit; to make or direct a new disposition of, by virtue of a power contained in a conveyance; -- said of an estate already conveyed.
Appoint	To ordain; to determine; to arrange.
Appointable	Capable of being appointed or constituted.
Appointee	A person appointed.
Appointee	A person in whose favor a power of appointment is executed.
Appointer	One who appoints, or executes a power of appointment.
Appointive	Subject to appointment; as, an appointive office.
Appointment	The act of appointing; designation of a person to hold an office or discharge a trust; as, he erred by the appointment of unsuitable men.
Appointment	The state of being appointed to som/ service or office; an office to which one is appointed; station; position; an, the appointment of treasurer.
Appointment	Stipulation; agreement; the act of fixing by mutual agreement. Hence:: Arrangement for a meeting; engagement; as, they made an appointment to meet at six.
Appointment	Decree; direction; established order or constitution; as, to submit to the divine appointments.
Appointment	The exercise of the power of designating (under a "power of appointment") a person to enjoy an estate or other specific property; also, the instrument by which the designation is made.
Appointment	Equipment, furniture, as for a ship or an army; whatever is appointed for use and management; outfit; (pl.) the accouterments of military officers or soldiers, as belts, sashes, swords.
Appointment	An allowance to a person, esp. to a public officer; a perquisite; -- properly only in the plural.
Appointment	A honorary part or exercise, as an oration, etc., at a public exhibition of a college; as, to have an appointment.
Appointor	The person who selects the appointee. See Appointee, 2.
Apporter	A bringer in; an importer.
Apportioned	of Apportion
Apportioning	of Apportion
Apportion	To divide and assign in just proportion; to divide and distribute proportionally; to portion out; to allot; as, to apportion undivided rights; to apportion time among various employments.
Apportionateness	The quality of being apportioned or in proportion.
Apportioner	One who apportions.
Apportionment	The act of apportioning; a dividing into just proportions or shares; a division or shares; a division and assignment, to each proprietor, of his just portion of an undivided right or property.
Appose	To place opposite or before; to put or apply (one thing to another).
Appose	To place in juxtaposition or proximity.
Appose	To put questions to; to examine; to try. [Obs.] See Pose.
Apposed	Placed in apposition; mutually fitting, as the mandibles of a bird's beak.
Apposer	An examiner; one whose business is to put questions. Formerly, in the English Court of Exchequer, an officer who audited the sheriffs' accounts.
Apposite	Very applicable; well adapted; suitable or fit; relevant; pat; -- followed by to; as, this argument is very apposite to the case.
Apposition	The act of adding; application; accretion.
Apposition	The putting of things in juxtaposition, or side by side; also, the condition of being so placed.
Apposition	The state of two nouns or pronouns, put in the same case, without a connecting word between them; as, I admire Cicero, the orator. Here, the second noun explains or characterizes the first.
Appositional	Pertaining to apposition; put in apposition syntactically.
Appositive	Of or relating to apposition; in apposition.
Appositive	A noun in apposition.
Appraisable	Capable of being appraised.
Appraisal	A valuation by an authorized person; an appraisement.
Appraised	of Appraise
Appraising	of Appraise
Appraise	To set a value; to estimate the worth of, particularly by persons appointed for the purpose; as, to appraise goods and chattels.
Appraise	To estimate; to conjecture.
Appraise	To praise; to commend.
Appraisement	The act of setting the value; valuation by an appraiser; estimation of worth.
Appraiser	One who appraises; esp., a person appointed and sworn to estimate and fix the value of goods or estates.
Apprecation	Earnest prayer; devout wish.
Apprecatory	Praying or wishing good.
Appreciable	Capable of being appreciated or estimated; large enough to be estimated; perceptible; as, an appreciable quantity.
Appreciant	Appreciative.
Appreciated	of Appreciate
Appreciating	of Appreciate
Appreciate	To set a price or value on; to estimate justly; to value.
Appreciate	To raise the value of; to increase the market price of; -- opposed to depreciate.
Appreciate	To be sensible of; to distinguish.
Appreciate	To rise in value. [See note under Rise, v. i.]
Appreciatingly	In an appreciating manner; with appreciation.
Appreciation	A just valuation or estimate of merit, worth, weight, etc.; recognition of excellence.
Appreciation	Accurate perception; true estimation; as, an appreciation of the difficulties before us; an appreciation of colors.
Appreciation	A rise in value; -- opposed to depreciation.
Appreciative	Having or showing a just or ready appreciation or perception; as, an appreciative audience.
Appreciativeness	The quality of being appreciative; quick recognition of excellence.
Appreciator	One who appreciates.
Appreciatory	Showing appreciation; appreciative; as, appreciatory commendation.
Apprehended	of Apprehend
Apprehending	of Apprehend
Apprehend	To take or seize; to take hold of.
Apprehend	Hence: To take or seize (a person) by legal process; to arrest; as, to apprehend a criminal.
Apprehend	To take hold of with the understanding, that is, to conceive in the mind; to become cognizant of; to understand; to recognize; to consider.
Apprehend	To know or learn with certainty.
Apprehend	To anticipate; esp., to anticipate with anxiety, dread, or fear; to fear.
Apprehend	To think, believe, or be of opinion; to understand; to suppose.
Apprehend	To be apprehensive; to fear.
Apprehender	One who apprehends.
Apprehensibiity	The quality of being apprehensible.
Apprehensible	Capable of being apprehended or conceived.
Apprehension	The act of seizing or taking hold of; seizure; as, the hand is an organ of apprehension.
Apprehension	The act of seizing or taking by legal process; arrest; as, the felon, after his apprehension, escaped.
Apprehension	The act of grasping with the intellect; the contemplation of things, without affirming, denying, or passing any judgment; intellection; perception.
Apprehension	Opinion; conception; sentiment; idea.
Apprehension	The faculty by which ideas are conceived; understanding; as, a man of dull apprehension.
Apprehension	Anticipation, mostly of things unfavorable; distrust or fear at the prospect of future evil.
Apprehensive	Capable of apprehending, or quick to do so; apt; discerning.
Apprehensive	Knowing; conscious; cognizant.
Apprehensive	Relating to the faculty of apprehension.
Apprehensive	Anticipative of something unfavorable' fearful of what may be coming; in dread of possible harm; in expectation of evil.
Apprehensive	Sensible; feeling; perceptive.
Apprehensively	In an apprehensive manner; with apprehension of danger.
Apprehensiveness	The quality or state of being apprehensive.
Apprentice	One who is bound by indentures or by legal agreement to serve a mechanic, or other person, for a certain time, with a view to learn the art, or trade, in which his master is bound to instruct him.
Apprentice	One not well versed in a subject; a tyro.
Apprentice	A barrister, considered a learner of law till of sixteen years' standing, when he might be called to the rank of serjeant.
Apprenticed	of Apprentice
Apprenticing	of Apprentice
Apprentice	To bind to, or put under the care of, a master, for the purpose of instruction in a trade or business.
Apprenticeage	Apprenticeship.
Apprenticehood	Apprenticeship.
Apprenticeship	The service or condition of an apprentice; the state in which a person is gaining instruction in a trade or art, under legal agreement.
Apprenticeship	The time an apprentice is serving (sometimes seven years, as from the age of fourteen to twenty-one).
Appressed	Alt. of Apprest
Apprest	Pressed close to, or lying against, something for its whole length, as against a stem,
Apprised	of Apprise
Apprising	of Apprise
Apprise	To give notice, verbal or written; to inform; -- followed by of; as, we will apprise the general of an intended attack; he apprised the commander of what he had done.
Apprise	Notice; information.
Apprizal	See Appraisal.
Apprize	To appraise; to value; to appreciate.
Apprizement	Appraisement.
Apprizer	An appraiser.
Apprizer	A creditor for whom an appraisal is made.
Approached	of Approach
Approaching	of Approach
Approach	To come or go near, in place or time; to draw nigh; to advance nearer.
Approach	To draw near, in a figurative sense; to make advances; to approximate; as, he approaches to the character of the ablest statesman.
Approach	To bring near; to cause to draw near; to advance.
Approach	To come near to in place, time, or character; to draw nearer to; as, to approach the city; to approach my cabin; he approached the age of manhood.
Approach	To take approaches to.
Approach	The act of drawing near; a coming or advancing near.
Approach	A access, or opportunity of drawing near.
Approach	Movements to gain favor; advances.
Approach	A way, passage, or avenue by which a place or buildings can be approached; an access.
Approach	The advanced works, trenches, or covered roads made by besiegers in their advances toward a fortress or military post.
Approach	See Approaching.
Approachability	The quality of being approachable; approachableness.
Approachable	Capable of being approached; accessible; as, approachable virtue.
Approachableness	The quality or state of being approachable; accessibility.
Approacher	One who approaches.
Approaching	The act of ingrafting a sprig or shoot of one tree into another, without cutting it from the parent stock; -- called, also, inarching and grafting by approach.
Approachless	Impossible to be approached.
Approachment	Approach.
Approbate	Approved.
Approbate	To express approbation of; to approve; to sanction officially.
Approbation	Proof; attestation.
Approbation	The act of approving; an assenting to the propriety of a thing with some degree of pleasure or satisfaction; approval; sanction; commendation.
Approbation	Probation or novitiate.
Approbative	Approving, or implying approbation.
Approbativeness	The quality of being approbative.
Approbativeness	Love of approbation.
Approbator	One who approves.
Approbatory	Containing or expressing approbation; commendatory.
Appromt	To quicken; to prompt.
Approof	Trial; proof.
Approof	Approval; commendation.
Appropinquate	To approach.
Appropinquation	A drawing nigh; approach.
Appropinquity	Nearness; propinquity.
Appropre	To appropriate.
Appropriable	Capable of being appropriated, set apart, sequestered, or assigned exclusively to a particular use.
Appropriament	What is peculiarly one's own; peculiar qualification.
Appropriate	Set apart for a particular use or person. Hence: Belonging peculiarly; peculiar; suitable; fit; proper.
Appropriated	of Appropriate
Appropriating	of Appropriate
Appropriate	To take to one's self in exclusion of others; to claim or use as by an exclusive right; as, let no man appropriate the use of a common benefit.
Appropriate	To set apart for, or assign to, a particular person or use, in exclusion of all others; -- with to or for; as, a spot of ground is appropriated for a garden; to appropriate money for the increase of the navy.
Appropriate	To make suitable; to suit.
Appropriate	To annex, as a benefice, to a spiritual corporation, as its property.
Appropriate	A property; attribute.
Appropriately	In an appropriate or proper manner; fitly; properly.
Appropriateness	The state or quality of being appropriate; peculiar fitness.
Appropriation	The act of setting apart or assigning to a particular use or person, or of taking to one's self, in exclusion of all others; application to a special use or purpose, as of a piece of ground for a park, or of money to carry out some object.
Appropriation	Anything, especially money, thus set apart.
Appropriation	The severing or sequestering of a benefice to the perpetual use of a spiritual corporation. Blackstone.
Appropriation	The application of payment of money by a debtor to his creditor, to one of several debts which are due from the former to the latter.
Appropriative	Appropriating; making, or tending to, appropriation; as, an appropriative act.
Appropriator	One who appropriates.
Appropriator	A spiritual corporation possessed of an appropriated benefice; also, an impropriator.
Approvable	Worthy of being approved; meritorious.
Approval	Approbation; sanction.
Approvance	Approval.
Approved	of Approve
Approving	of Approve
Approve	To show to be real or true; to prove.
Approve	To make proof of; to demonstrate; to prove or show practically.
Approve	To sanction officially; to ratify; to confirm; as, to approve the decision of a court-martial.
Approve	To regard as good; to commend; to be pleased with; to think well of; as, we approve the measured of the administration.
Approve	To make or show to be worthy of approbation or acceptance.
Approve	To make profit of; to convert to one's own profit; -- said esp. of waste or common land appropriated by the lord of the manor.
Approvedly	So as to secure approbation; in an approved manner.
Approvement	Approbation.
Approvement	a confession of guilt by a prisoner charged with treason or felony, together with an accusation of his accomplish and a giving evidence against them in order to obtain his own pardon. The term is no longer in use; it corresponded to what is now known as turning king's (or queen's) evidence in England, and state's evidence in the United States.
Approvement	Improvement of common lands, by inclosing and converting them to the uses of husbandry for the advantage of the lord of the manor.
Approver	One who approves. Formerly, one who made proof or trial.
Approver	An informer; an accuser.
Approver	One who confesses a crime and accuses another. See 1st Approvement, 2.
Approver	A bailiff or steward; an agent.
Approving	Expressing approbation; commending; as, an approving smile.
Approximate	Approaching; proximate; nearly resembling.
Approximate	Near correctness; nearly exact; not perfectly accurate; as, approximate results or values.
Approximated	of Approximate
Approximating	of Approximate
Approximate	To carry or advance near; to cause to approach.
Approximate	To come near to; to approach.
Approximate	To draw; to approach.
Approximately	With approximation; so as to approximate; nearly.
Approximation	The act of approximating; a drawing, advancing or being near; approach; also, the result of approximating.
Approximation	An approach to a correct estimate, calculation, or conception, or to a given quantity, quality, etc.
Approximation	A continual approach or coming nearer to a result; as, to solve an equation by approximation.
Approximation	A value that is nearly but not exactly correct.
Approximative	Approaching; approximate.
Approximator	One who, or that which, approximates.
Appui	A support or supporter; a stay; a prop.
Appulse	A driving or running towards; approach; impulse; also, the act of striking against.
Appulse	The near approach of one heavenly body to another, or to the meridian; a coming into conjunction; as, the appulse of the moon to a star, or of a star to the meridian.
Appulsion	A driving or striking against; an appulse.
Appulsive	Striking against; impinging; as, the appulsive influence of the planets.
Appulsively	By appulsion.
Appurtenance	That which belongs to something else; an adjunct; an appendage; an accessory; something annexed to another thing more worthy; in common parlance and legal acceptation, something belonging to another thing as principal, and which passes as incident to it, as a right of way, or other easement to land; a right of common to pasture, an outhouse, barn, garden, or orchard, to a house or messuage. In a strict legal sense, land can never pass as an appurtenance to land.
Appurtenant	Annexed or pertaining to some more important thing; accessory; incident; as, a right of way appurtenant to land or buildings.
Appurtenant	Something which belongs or appertains to another thing; an appurtenance.
Apricate	To bask in the sun.
Aprication	Basking in the sun.
Apricot	A fruit allied to the plum, of an orange color, oval shape, and delicious taste; also, the tree (Prunus Armeniaca of Linnaeus) which bears this fruit. By cultivation it has been introduced throughout the temperate zone.
April	The fourth month of the year.
April	Fig.: With reference to April being the month in which vegetation begins to put forth, the variableness of its weather, etc.
A priori	Characterizing that kind of reasoning which deduces consequences from definitions formed, or principles assumed, or which infers effects from causes previously known; deductive or deductively. The reverse of a posteriori.
A priori	Applied to knowledge and conceptions assumed, or presupposed, as prior to experience, in order to make experience rational or possible.
Apriorism	An a priori principle.
Apriority	The quality of being innate in the mind, or prior to experience; a priori reasoning.
Aprocta	A group of Turbellaria in which there is no anal aperture.
Aproctous	Without an anal office.
Apron	An article of dress, of cloth, leather, or other stuff, worn on the fore part of the body, to keep the clothes clean, to defend them from injury, or as a covering. It is commonly tied at the waist by strings.
Apron	Something which by its shape or use suggests an apron;
Apron	The fat skin covering the belly of a goose or duck.
Apron	A piece of leather, or other material, to be spread before a person riding on an outside seat of a vehicle, to defend him from the rain, snow, or dust; a boot.
Apron	A leaden plate that covers the vent of a cannon.
Apron	A piece of carved timber, just above the foremost end of the keel.
Apron	A platform, or flooring of plank, at the entrance of a dock, against which the dock gates are shut.
Apron	A flooring of plank before a dam to cause the water to make a gradual descent.
Apron	The piece that holds the cutting tool of a planer.
Apron	A strip of lead which leads the drip of a wall into a gutter; a flashing.
Apron	The infolded abdomen of a crab.
Aproned	Wearing an apron.
Apronfuls	of Apronful
Apronful	The quantity an apron can hold.
Apronless	Without an apron.
Apron man	A man who wears an apron; a laboring man; a mechanic.
Apron string	The string of an apron.
Aprosos	Opportunely or opportune; seasonably or seasonable.
Aprosos	By the way; to the purpose; suitably to the place or subject; -- a word used to introduce an incidental observation, suited to the occasion, though not strictly belonging to the narration.
Apse	A projecting part of a building, esp. of a church, having in the plan a polygonal or semicircular termination, and, most often, projecting from the east end. In early churches the Eastern apse was occupied by seats for the bishop and clergy.
Apse	The bishop's seat or throne, in ancient churches.
Apse	A reliquary, or case in which the relics of saints were kept.
Apsidal	Of or pertaining to the apsides of an orbit.
Apsidal	Of or pertaining to the apse of a church; as, the apsidal termination of the chancel.
Apsides	See Apsis.
Apsides	of Apsis
Apsis	One of the two points of an orbit, as of a planet or satellite, which are at the greatest and least distance from the central body, corresponding to the aphelion and perihelion of a planet, or to the apogee and perigee of the moon. The more distant is called the higher apsis; the other, the lower apsis; and the line joining them, the line of apsides.
Apsis	In a curve referred to polar coordinates, any point for which the radius vector is a maximum or minimum.
Apsis	Same as Apse.
Apt	Fit or fitted; suited; suitable; appropriate.
Apt	Having an habitual tendency; habitually liable or likely; -- used of things.
Apt	Inclined; disposed customarily; given; ready; -- used of persons.
Apt	Ready; especially fitted or qualified (to do something); quick to learn; prompt; expert; as, a pupil apt to learn; an apt scholar.
Apt	To fit; to suit; to adapt.
Aptable	Capable of being adapted.
Aptate	To make fit.
Aptera	Insects without wings, constituting the seventh Linnaen order of insects, an artificial group, which included Crustacea, spiders, centipeds, and even worms. These animals are now placed in several distinct classes and orders.
Apteral	Apterous.
Apteral	Without lateral columns; -- applied to buildings which have no series of columns along their sides, but are either prostyle or amphiprostyle, and opposed to peripteral.
Apteran	One of the Aptera.
Apteria	Naked spaces between the feathered areas of birds. See Pteryliae.
Apterous	Destitute of wings; apteral; as, apterous insects.
Apterous	Destitute of winglike membranous expansions, as a stem or petiole; -- opposed to alate.
Apteryges	An order of birds, including the genus Apteryx.
Apteryx	A genus of New Zealand birds about the size of a hen, with only short rudiments of wings, armed with a claw and without a tail; the kiwi. It is allied to the gigantic extinct moas of the same country. Five species are known.
Aptitude	A natural or acquired disposition or capacity for a particular purpose, or tendency to a particular action or effect; as, oil has an aptitude to burn.
Aptitude	A general fitness or suitableness; adaptation.
Aptitude	Readiness in learning; docility; aptness.
Aptitudinal	Suitable; fit.
Aptly	In an apt or suitable manner; fitly; properly; pertinently; appropriately; readily.
Aptness	Fitness; suitableness; appropriateness; as, the aptness of things to their end.
Aptness	Disposition of the mind; propensity; as, the aptness of men to follow example.
Aptness	Quickness of apprehension; readiness in learning; docility; as, an aptness to learn is more observable in some children than in others.
Aptness	Proneness; tendency; as, the aptness of iron to rust.
Aptote	A noun which has no distinction of cases; an indeclinable noun.
Aptotic	Pertaining to, or characterized by, aptotes; uninflected; as, aptotic languages.
Aptychus	A shelly plate found in the terminal chambers of ammonite shells. Some authors consider them to be jaws; others, opercula.
Apus	A genus of fresh-water phyllopod crustaceans. See Phyllopod.
Apyretic	Without fever; -- applied to days when there is an intermission of fever.
Apyrexia	Alt. of Apyrexy
Apyrexy	The absence or intermission of fever.
Apyrexial	Relating to apyrexy.
Apyrous	Incombustible; capable of sustaining a strong heat without alteration of form or properties.
Aqua	Water; -- a word much used in pharmacy and the old chemistry, in various signification, determined by the word or words annexed.
Aqua fortis	Nitric acid.
Aquamarine	A transparent, pale green variety of beryl, used as a gem. See Beryl.
Aquapuncture	The introduction of water subcutaneously for the relief of pain.
Aquarelle	A design or painting in thin transparent water colors; also, the mode of painting in such colors.
Aquarellist	A painter in thin transparent water colors.
Aquarial	Alt. of Aquarian
Aquarian	Of or pertaining to an aquarium.
Aquarian	One of a sect of Christian in the primitive church who used water instead of wine in the Lord's Supper.
Aquariums	of Aquarium
Aquaria	of Aquarium
Aquarium	An artificial pond, or a globe or tank (usually with glass sides), in which living specimens of aquatic animals or plants are kept.
Aquarius	The Water-bearer; the eleventh sign in the zodiac, which the sun enters about the 20th of January; -- so called from the rains which prevail at that season in Italy and the East.
Aquarius	A constellation south of Pegasus.
Aquatic	Pertaining to water; growing in water; living in, swimming in, or frequenting the margins of waters; as, aquatic plants and fowls.
Aquatic	An aquatic animal or plant.
Aquatic	Sports or exercises practiced in or on the water.
Aquatical	Aquatic.
Aquatile	Inhabiting the water.
Aquatint	Alt. of Aquatinta
Aquatinta	A kind of etching in which spaces are bitten by the use of aqua fortis, by which an effect is produced resembling a drawing in water colors or India ink; also, the engraving produced by this method.
Aqueduct	A conductor, conduit, or artificial channel for conveying water, especially one for supplying large cities with water.
Aqueduct	A canal or passage; as, the aqueduct of Sylvius, a channel connecting the third and fourth ventricles of the brain.
Aqueity	Wateriness.
Aqueous	Partaking of the nature of water, or abounding with it; watery.
Aqueous	Made from, or by means of, water.
Aqueousness	Wateriness.
Aquiferous	Consisting or conveying water or a watery fluid; as, aquiferous vessels; the aquiferous system.
Aquiform	Having the form of water.
Aquilae	of Aquila
Aquila	A genus of eagles.
Aquila	A northern constellation southerly from Lyra and Cygnus and preceding the Dolphin; the Eagle.
Aquilated	Adorned with eagles' heads.
Aquiline	Belonging to or like an eagle.
Aquiline	Curving; hooked; prominent, like the beak of an eagle; -- applied particularly to the nose
Aquilon	The north wind.
Aquiparous	Secreting water; -- applied to certain glands.
Aquitanian	Of or pertaining to Aquitania, now called Gascony.
Aquose	Watery; aqueous.
Aquosity	The condition of being wet or watery; wateriness.
Ar	Ere; before.
Ara	The Altar; a southern constellation, south of the tail of the Scorpion.
Ara	A name of the great blue and yellow macaw (Ara ararauna), native of South America.
Arab	One of a swarthy race occupying Arabia, and numerous in Syria, Northern Africa, etc.
Arabesque	A style of ornamentation either painted, inlaid, or carved in low relief. It consists of a pattern in which plants, fruits, foliage, etc., as well as figures of men and animals, real or imaginary, are fantastically interlaced or put together.
Arabesque	Arabian.
Arabesque	Relating to, or exhibiting, the style of ornament called arabesque; as, arabesque frescoes.
Arabesqued	Ornamented in the style of arabesques.
Arabian	Of or pertaining to Arabia or its inhabitants.
Arabian	A native of Arabia; an Arab.
Arabic	Of or pertaining to Arabia or the Arabians.
Arabic	The language of the Arabians.
Arabical	Relating to Arabia; Arabic.
Arabin	A carbohydrate, isomeric with cane sugar, contained in gum arabic, from which it is extracted as a white, amorphous substance.
Arabin	Mucilage, especially that made of gum arabic.
Arabinose	A sugar of the composition C5H10O5, obtained from cherry gum by boiling it with dilute sulphuric acid.
Arabism	An Arabic idiom peculiarly of language.
Arabist	One well versed in the Arabic language or literature; also, formerly, one who followed the Arabic system of surgery.
Arable	Fit for plowing or tillage; -- hence, often applied to land which has been plowed or tilled.
Arable	Arable land; plow land.
Araby	The country of Arabia.
Aracanese	Of or pertaining to Aracan, a province of British Burmah.
Aracanese	A native or natives of Aracan.
Aracari	A South American bird, of the genus Pleroglossius, allied to the toucans. There are several species.
Arace	To tear up by the roots; to draw away.
Araceous	Of or pertaining to an order of plants, of which the genus Arum is the type.
Arachnid	An arachnidan.
Arachnida	One of the classes of Arthropoda. See Illustration in Appendix.
Arachnidan	One of the Arachnida.
Arachnidial	Of or pertaining to the Arachnida.
Arachnidial	Pertaining to the arachnidium.
Arachnidium	The glandular organ in which the material for the web of spiders is secreted.
Arachnitis	Inflammation of the arachnoid membrane.
Arachnoid	Resembling a spider's web; cobweblike.
Arachnoid	Pertaining to a thin membrane of the brain and spinal cord, between the dura mater and pia mater.
Arachnoid	Covered with, or composed of, soft, loose hairs or fibers, so as to resemble a cobweb; cobwebby.
Arachnoid	The arachnoid membrane.
Arachnoid	One of the Arachnoidea.
Arachnoidal	Pertaining to the arachnoid membrane; arachnoid.
Arachnoidea	Same as Arachnida.
Arachnological	Of or pertaining to arachnology.
Arachnologist	One who is versed in, or studies, arachnology.
Arachnology	The department of zoology which treats of spiders and other Arachnida.
Araeometer	See Areometer.
Araeostyle	See Intercolumniation.
Araeosystyle	See Intercolumniation.
Aragonese	Of or pertaining to Aragon, in Spain, or to its inhabitants.
Aragonese	A native or natives of Aragon, in Spain.
Aragonite	A mineral identical in composition with calcite or carbonate of lime, but differing from it in its crystalline form and some of its physical characters.
Araguato	A South American monkey, the ursine howler (Mycetes ursinus). See Howler, n., 2.
Araise	To raise.
Arak	Same as Arrack.
Aramaean	Alt. of Aramean
Aramean	Of or pertaining to the Syrians and Chaldeans, or to their language; Aramaic.
Aramean	A native of Aram.
Aramaic	Pertaining to Aram, or to the territory, inhabitants, language, or literature of Syria and Mesopotamia; Aramaean; -- specifically applied to the northern branch of the Semitic family of languages, including Syriac and Chaldee.
Aramaic	The Aramaic language.
Aramaism	An idiom of the Aramaic.
Araneida	Alt. of Araneoidea
Araneoidea	See Araneina.
Araneidan	Of or pertaining to the Araneina or spiders.
Araneidan	One of the Araneina; a spider.
Araneiform	Having the form of a spider.
Araneina	The order of Arachnida that includes the spiders.
Araneose	Of the aspect of a spider's web; arachnoid.
Araneous	Cobweblike; extremely thin and delicate, like a cobweb; as, the araneous membrane of the eye. See Arachnoid.
Arangoes	of Arango
Arango	A bead of rough carnelian. Arangoes were formerly imported from Bombay for use in the African slave trade.
Arapaima	A large fresh-water food fish of South America.
Arara	The palm (or great black) cockatoo, of Australia (Microglossus aterrimus).
Aration	Plowing; tillage.
Aratory	Contributing to tillage.
Araucaria	A genus of tall conifers of the pine family. The species are confined mostly to South America and Australia. The wood cells differ from those of other in having the dots in their lateral surfaces in two or three rows, and the dots of contiguous rows alternating. The seeds are edible.
Araucarian	Relating to, or of the nature of, the Araucaria. The earliest conifers in geological history were mostly Araucarian.
Arbalest	Alt. of Arbalist
Arbalist	A crossbow, consisting of a steel bow set in a shaft of wood, furnished with a string and a trigger, and a mechanical device for bending the bow. It served to throw arrows, darts, bullets, etc.
Arbalester	Alt. of Arbalister
Arbalister	A crossbowman.
Arbiter	A person appointed, or chosen, by parties to determine a controversy between them.
Arbiter	Any person who has the power of judging and determining, or ordaining, without control; one whose power of deciding and governing is not limited.
Arbiter	To act as arbiter between.
Arbitrable	Capable of being decided by arbitration; determinable.
Arbitrage	Judgment by an arbiter; authoritative determination.
Arbitrage	A traffic in bills of exchange (see Arbitration of Exchange); also, a traffic in stocks which bear differing values at the same time in different markets.
Arbitral	Of or relating to an arbiter or an arbitration.
Arbitrament	Determination; decision; arbitration.
Arbitrament	The award of arbitrators.
Arbitrarily	In an arbitrary manner; by will only; despotically; absolutely.
Arbitrariness	The quality of being arbitrary; despoticalness; tyranny.
Arbitrarious	Arbitrary; despotic.
Arbitrary	Depending on will or discretion; not governed by any fixed rules; as, an arbitrary decision; an arbitrary punishment.
Arbitrary	Exercised according to one's own will or caprice, and therefore conveying a notion of a tendency to abuse the possession of power.
Arbitrary	Despotic; absolute in power; bound by no law; harsh and unforbearing; tyrannical; as, an arbitrary prince or government.
Arbitrated	of Arbitrate
Arbitrating	of Arbitrate
Arbitrate	To hear and decide, as arbitrators; as, to choose to arbitrate a disputed case.
Arbitrate	To decide, or determine generally.
Arbitrate	To decide; to determine.
Arbitrate	To act as arbitrator or judge; as, to arbitrate upon several reports; to arbitrate in disputes among neighbors; to arbitrate between parties to a suit.
Arbitration	The hearing and determination of a cause between parties in controversy, by a person or persons chosen by the parties.
Arbitrator	A person, or one of two or more persons, chosen by parties who have a controversy, to determine their differences. See Arbitration.
Arbitrator	One who has the power of deciding or prescribing without control; a ruler; a governor.
Arbitratrix	A female who arbitrates or judges.
Arbitress	A female arbiter; an arbitratrix.
Arblast	A crossbow. See Arbalest.
Arbor	A kind of latticework formed of, or covered with, vines, branches of trees, or other plants, for shade; a bower.
Arbor	A tree, as distinguished from a shrub.
Arbor	An axle or spindle of a wheel or opinion.
Arbor	A mandrel in lathe turning.
Arborary	Of or pertaining to trees; arboreal.
Arborator	One who plants or who prunes trees.
Arbor Dianae	A precipitation of silver, in a beautiful arborescent form.
Arboreal	Of or pertaining to a tree, or to trees; of nature of trees.
Arboreal	Attached to, found in or upon, or frequenting, woods or trees; as, arboreal animals.
Arbored	Furnished with an arbor; lined with trees.
Arboreous	Having the form, constitution, or habits, of a proper tree, in distinction from a shrub.
Arboreous	Pertaining to, or growing on, trees; as, arboreous moss.
Arborescence	The state of being arborescent; the resemblance to a tree in minerals, or crystallizations, or groups of crystals in that form; as, the arborescence produced by precipitating silver.
Arborescent	Resembling a tree; becoming woody in stalk; dendritic; having crystallizations disposed like the branches and twigs of a tree.
Arboret	A small tree or shrub.
Arboreta	of Arboretum
Arboretum	A place in which a collection of rare trees and shrubs is cultivated for scientific or educational purposes.
Arborical	Relating to trees.
Arboricole	Tree-inhabiting; -- said of certain birds.
Arboricultural	Pertaining to arboriculture.
Arboriculture	The cultivation of trees and shrubs, chiefly for timber or for ornamental purposes.
Arboriculturist	One who cultivates trees.
Arboriform	Treelike in shape.
Arborist	One who makes trees his study, or who is versed in the knowledge of trees.
Arborization	The appearance or figure of a tree or plant, as in minerals or fossils; a dendrite.
Arborized	Having a treelike appearance.
Arborous	Formed by trees.
Arbor vine	A species of bindweed.
Arbor vitae	An evergreen tree of the cypress tribe, genus Thuja. The American species is the T. occidentalis.
Arbor vitae	The treelike disposition of the gray and white nerve tissues in the cerebellum, as seen in a vertical section.
Arbuscle	A dwarf tree, one in size between a shrub and a tree; a treelike shrub.
Arbuscular	Of or pertaining to a dwarf tree; shrublike.
Arbustive	Containing copses of trees or shrubs; covered with shrubs.
Arbutus	Alt. of Arbute
Arbute	The strawberry tree, a genus of evergreen shrubs, of the Heath family. It has a berry externally resembling the strawberry; the arbute tree.
Arc	A portion of a curved line; as, the arc of a circle or of an ellipse.
Arc	A curvature in the shape of a circular arc or an arch; as, the colored arc (the rainbow); the arc of Hadley's quadrant.
Arc	An arch.
Arc	The apparent arc described, above or below the horizon, by the sun or other celestial body. The diurnal arc is described during the daytime, the nocturnal arc during the night.
Arcade	A series of arches with the columns or piers which support them, the spandrels above, and other necessary appurtenances; sometimes open, serving as an entrance or to give light; sometimes closed at the back (as in the cut) and forming a decorative feature.
Arcade	A long, arched building or gallery.
Arcade	An arched or covered passageway or avenue.
Arcaded	Furnished with an arcade.
Arcadia	A mountainous and picturesque district of Greece, in the heart of the Peloponnesus, whose people were distinguished for contentment and rural happiness.
Arcadia	Fig.: Any region or scene of simple pleasure and untroubled quiet.
Arcadian	Alt. of Arcadic
Arcadic	Of or pertaining to Arcadia; pastoral; ideally rural; as, Arcadian simplicity or scenery.
Arcane	Hidden; secret.
Arcana	of Arcanum
Arcanum	A secret; a mystery; -- generally used in the plural.
Arcanum	A secret remedy; an elixir.
Arcboutant	A flying buttress.
Arch	Any part of a curved line.
Arch	Usually a curved member made up of separate wedge-shaped solids, with the joints between them disposed in the direction of the radii of the curve; used to support the wall or other weight above an opening. In this sense arches are segmental, round (i. e., semicircular), or pointed.
Arch	A flat arch is a member constructed of stones cut into wedges or other shapes so as to support each other without rising in a curve.
Arch	Any place covered by an arch; an archway; as, to pass into the arch of a bridge.
Arch	Any curvature in the form of an arch; as, the arch of the aorta.
Arched	of Arch
Arching	of Arch
Arch	To cover with an arch or arches.
Arch	To form or bend into the shape of an arch.
Arch	To form into an arch; to curve.
Arch-	A prefix signifying chief, as in archbuilder, archfiend.
Arch	Chief; eminent; greatest; principal.
Arch	Cunning or sly; sportively mischievous; roguish; as, an arch look, word, lad.
Arch	A chief.
-arch	A suffix meaning a ruler, as in monarch (a sole ruler).
Archaean	Ancient; pertaining to the earliest period in geological history.
Archaean	The earliest period in geological period, extending up to the Lower Silurian. It includes an Azoic age, previous to the appearance of life, and an Eozoic age, including the earliest forms of life.
Archaeography	A description of, or a treatise on, antiquity or antiquities.
Archaeolithic	Of or pertaining to the earliest Stone age; -- applied to a prehistoric period preceding the Paleolithic age.
Archaeologian	An archaeologist.
Archaeologic	Alt. of Archaeological
Archaeological	Relating to archaeology, or antiquities; as, archaeological researches.
Archaeologist	One versed in archaeology; an antiquary.
Archaeology	The science or study of antiquities, esp. prehistoric antiquities, such as the remains of buildings or monuments of an early epoch, inscriptions, implements, and other relics, written manuscripts, etc.
Archaeopteryx	A fossil bird, of the Jurassic period, remarkable for having a long tapering tail of many vertebrae with feathers along each side, and jaws armed with teeth, with other reptilian characteristics.
Archaeostomatous	Applied to a gastrula when the blastopore does not entirely close up.
Archaeozoic	Like or belonging to the earliest forms of animal life.
Archaic	Of or characterized by antiquity or archaism; antiquated; obsolescent.
Archaical	Archaic.
Archaism	An ancient, antiquated, or old-fashioned, word, expression, or idiom; a word or form of speech no longer in common use.
Archaism	Antiquity of style or use; obsoleteness.
Archaist	Am antiquary.
Archaist	One who uses archaisms.
Archaistic	Like, or imitative of, anything archaic; pertaining to an archaism.
Archaized	of Archaize
Archaizing	of Archaize
Archaize	To make appear archaic or antique.
Archangel	A chief angel; one high in the celestial hierarchy.
Archangel	A term applied to several different species of plants (Angelica archangelica, Lamium album, etc.).
Archangelic	Of or pertaining to archangels; of the nature of, or resembling, an archangel.
Archbishop	A chief bishop; a church dignitary of the first class (often called a metropolitan or primate) who superintends the conduct of the suffragan bishops in his province, and also exercises episcopal authority in his own diocese.
Archbishopric	The jurisdiction or office of an archbishop; the see or province over which archbishop exercises archiepiscopal authority.
Arch brick	A wedge-shaped brick used in the building of an arch.
Archbutler	A chief butler; -- an officer of the German empire.
Archchamberlain	A chief chamberlain; -- an officer of the old German empire, whose office was similar to that of the great chamberlain in England.
Archchancellor	A chief chancellor; -- an officer in the old German empire, who presided over the secretaries of the court.
Archchemic	Of supreme chemical powers.
Archdeacon	In England, an ecclesiastical dignitary, next in rank below a bishop, whom he assists, and by whom he is appointed, though with independent authority.
Archdeaconry	The district, office, or residence of an archdeacon. See Benefice.
Archdeaconship	The office of an archdeacon.
Archdiocese	The diocese of an archbishop.
Archducal	Of or pertaining to an archduke or archduchy.
Archduchess	The consort of an archduke; also, a princess of the imperial family of Austria. See Archduke.
Archduchy	The territory of an archduke or archduchess.
Archduke	A prince of the imperial family of Austria.
Archdukedom	An archduchy.
Archebiosis	The origination of living matter from non-living. See Abiogenesis.
Arched	Made with an arch or curve; covered with an arch; as, an arched door.
Archegonial	Relating to the archegonium.
Archegonium	The pistillidium or female organ in the higher cryptogamic plants, corresponding to the pistil in flowering plants.
Archegony	Spontaneous generation; abiogenesis.
Archelogy	The science of, or a treatise on, first principles.
Archencephala	The division that includes man alone.
Archenemy	A principal enemy. Specifically, Satan, the grand adversary of mankind.
Archenteric	Relating to the archenteron; as, archenteric invagination.
Archenteron	The primitive enteron or undifferentiated digestive sac of a gastrula or other embryo. See Illust. under Invagination.
Archeology	Alt. of Archeological
Archeological	Same as Archaeology, etc.
Archer	A bowman, one skilled in the use of the bow and arrow.
Archeress	A female archer.
Archer fish	A small fish (Toxotes jaculator), of the East Indies; -- so called from its ejecting drops of water from its mouth at its prey. The name is also applied to Chaetodon rostratus.
Archership	The art or skill of an archer.
Archery	The use of the bow and arrows in battle, hunting, etc.; the art, practice, or skill of shooting with a bow and arrows.
Archery	Archers, or bowmen, collectively.
Arches	pl. of Arch, n.
Archetypal	Of or pertaining to an archetype; consisting a model (real or ideal) or pattern; original.
Archetypally	With reference to the archetype; originally. "Parts archetypally distinct."
Archetype	The original pattern or model of a work; or the model from which a thing is made or formed.
Archetype	The standard weight or coin by which others are adjusted.
Archetype	The plan or fundamental structure on which a natural group of animals or plants or their systems of organs are assumed to have been constructed; as, the vertebrate archetype.
Archetypical	Relating to an archetype; archetypal.
Archeus	The vital principle or force which (according to the Paracelsians) presides over the growth and continuation of living beings; the anima mundi or plastic power of the old philosophers.
Archi-	A prefix signifying chief, arch; as, architect, archiepiscopal. In Biol. and Anat. it usually means primitive, original, ancestral; as, archipterygium, the primitive fin or wing.
Archiannelida	A group of Annelida remarkable for having no external segments or distinct ventral nerve ganglions.
Archiater	Chief physician; -- a term applied, on the continent of Europe, to the first or body physician of princes and to the first physician of some cities.
Archiblastula	A hollow blastula, supposed to be the primitive form; a c/loblastula.
Archical	Chief; primary; primordial.
Archidiaconal	Of or pertaining to an archdeacon.
Archiepiscopacy	That form of episcopacy in which the chief power is in the hands of archbishops.
Archiepiscopacy	The state or dignity of an archbishop.
Archiepiscopal	Of or pertaining to an archbishop; as, Canterbury is an archiepiscopal see.
Archiepiscopality	The station or dignity of an archbishop; archiepiscopacy.
Archiepiscopate	The office of an archbishop; an archbishopric.
Archierey	The higher order of clergy in Russia, including metropolitans, archbishops, and bishops.
Archil	A violet dye obtained from several species of lichen (Roccella tinctoria, etc.), which grow on maritime rocks in the Canary and Cape Verd Islands, etc.
Archil	The plant from which the dye is obtained.
Archilochian	Of or pertaining to the satiric Greek poet Archilochus; as, Archilochian meter.
Archimage	Alt. of Archimagus
Archimagus	The high priest of the Persian Magi, or worshipers of fire.
Archimagus	A great magician, wizard, or enchanter.
Archimandrite	A chief of a monastery, corresponding to abbot in the Roman Catholic church.
Archimandrite	A superintendent of several monasteries, corresponding to superior abbot, or father provincial, in the Roman Catholic church.
Archimedean	Of or pertaining to Archimedes, a celebrated Greek philosopher; constructed on the principle of Archimedes' screw; as, Archimedean drill, propeller, etc.
Archimedes	An extinct genus of Bryzoa characteristic of the subcarboniferous rocks. Its form is that of a screw.
Arching	The arched part of a structure.
Arching	Hogging; -- opposed to sagging.
Archipelagic	Of or pertaining to an archipelago.
-goes	of Archipelago
-gos	of Archipelago
Archipelago	The Grecian Archipelago, or Aegean Sea, separating Greece from Asia Minor. It is studded with a vast number of small islands.
Archipelago	Hence: Any sea or broad sheet of water interspersed with many islands or with a group of islands.
Archipterygium	The primitive form of fin, like that of Ceratodus.
Architect	A person skilled in the art of building; one who understands architecture, or makes it his occupation to form plans and designs of buildings, and to superintend the artificers employed.
Architect	A contriver, designer, or maker.
Architective	Used in building; proper for building.
Architectonic	Alt. of Architectonical
Architectonical	Pertaining to a master builder, or to architecture; evincing skill in designing or construction; constructive.
Architectonical	Relating to the systemizing of knowledge.
Architectonic	The science of architecture.
Architectonic	The act of arranging knowledge into a system.
Architectonics	The science of architecture.
Architector	An architect.
Architectress	A female architect.
Architectural	Of or pertaining to the art of building; conformed to the rules of architecture.
Architecture	The art or science of building; especially, the art of building houses, churches, bridges, and other structures, for the purposes of civil life; -- often called civil architecture.
Architecture	Construction, in a more general sense; frame or structure; workmanship.
Architeuthis	A genus of gigantic cephalopods, allied to the squids, found esp. in the North Atlantic and about New Zealand.
Architrave	The lower division of an entablature, or that part which rests immediately on the column, esp. in classical architecture. See Column.
Architrave	The group of moldings, or other architectural member, above and on both sides of a door or other opening, especially if square in form.
Architraved	Furnished with an architrave.
Archival	Pertaining to, or contained in, archives or records.
Archives	of Archive
Archive	The place in which public records or historic documents are kept.
Archive	Public records or documents preserved as evidence of facts; as, the archives of a country or family.
Archivist	A keeper of archives or records.
Archivolt	The architectural member surrounding the curved opening of an arch, corresponding to the architrave in the case of a square opening.
Archivolt	More commonly, the molding or other ornaments with which the wall face of the voussoirs of an arch is charged.
Archlute	Alt. of Archilute
Archilute	A large theorbo, or double-necked lute, formerly in use, having the bass strings doubled with an octave, and the higher strings with a unison.
Archly	In an arch manner; with attractive slyness or roguishness; slyly; waggishly.
Archmarshal	The grand marshal of the old German empire, a dignity that to the Elector of Saxony.
Archness	The quality of being arch; cleverness; sly humor free from malice; waggishness.
Archon	One of the chief magistrates in ancient Athens, especially, by preeminence, the first of the nine chief magistrates.
Archonship	The office of an archon.
Archontate	An archon's term of office.
Archonts	The group including man alone.
Archprelate	An archbishop or other chief prelate.
Archpresbyter	Same as Archpriest.
Archpresbytery	The absolute dominion of presbytery.
Archpriest	A chief priest; also, a kind of vicar, or a rural dean.
Archprimate	The chief primate.
Arch stone	A wedge-shaped stone used in an arch; a voussoir.
Archtraitor	A chief or transcendent traitor.
Archtreasurer	A chief treasurer. Specifically, the great treasurer of the German empire.
Archway	A way or passage under an arch.
Archwife	A big, masculine wife.
Archwise	Arch-shaped.
Archy	Arched; as, archy brows.
archy	A suffix properly meaning a rule, ruling, as in monarchy, the rule of one only. Cf. -arch.
Arciform	Having the form of an arch; curved.
Arcograph	An instrument for drawing a circular arc without the use of a central point; a cyclograph.
Arctation	Constriction or contraction of some natural passage, as in constipation from inflammation.
Arctic	Pertaining to, or situated under, the northern constellation called the Bear; northern; frigid; as, the arctic pole, circle, region, ocean; an arctic expedition, night, temperature.
Arctic	The arctic circle.
Arctic	A warm waterproof overshoe.
Arctisca	A group of Arachnida. See Illust. in Appendix.
Arctogeal	Of or pertaining to arctic lands; as, the arctogeal fauna.
Arctoidea	A group of the Carnivora, that includes the bears, weasels, etc.
Arcturus	A fixed star of the first magnitude in the constellation Bootes.
Arcual	Of or pertaining to an arc.
Arcuate	Alt. of Arcuated
Arcuated	Bent or curved in the form of a bow.
Arcuately	In the form of a bow.
Arcuation	The act of bending or curving; incurvation; the state of being bent; crookedness.
Arcuation	A mode of propagating trees by bending branches to the ground, and covering the small shoots with earth; layering.
Arcubalist	A crossbow.
Arcubalister	A crossbowman; one who used the arcubalist.
Arcubus	See Arquebus.
-ard	Alt. of -art
-art	The termination of many English words; as, coward, reynard, drunkard, mostly from the French, in which language this ending is of German origin, being orig. the same word as English hard. It usually has the sense of one who has to a high or excessive degree the quality expressed by the root; as, braggart, sluggard.
Ardassine	A very fine sort of Persian silk.
Ardency	Heat.
Ardency	Warmth of passion or affection; ardor; vehemence; eagerness; as, the ardency of love or zeal.
Ardent	Hot or burning; causing a sensation of burning; fiery; as, ardent spirits, that is, distilled liquors; an ardent fever.
Ardent	Having the appearance or quality of fire; fierce; glowing; shining; as, ardent eyes.
Ardent	Warm, applied to the passions and affections; passionate; fervent; zealous; vehement; as, ardent love, feelings, zeal, hope, temper.
Ardently	In an ardent manner; eagerly; with warmth; affectionately; passionately.
Ardentness	Ardency.
Ardor	Heat, in a literal sense; as, the ardor of the sun's rays.
Ardor	Warmth or heat of passion or affection; eagerness; zeal; as, he pursues study with ardor; the fought with ardor; martial ardor.
Ardor	Bright and effulgent spirits; seraphim.
Arduous	Steep and lofty, in a literal sense; hard to climb.
Arduous	Attended with great labor, like the ascending of acclivities; difficult; laborious; as, an arduous employment, task, or enterprise.
Arduously	In an arduous manner; with difficulty or laboriousness.
Arduousness	The quality of being arduous; difficulty of execution.
Ardurous	Burning; ardent.
Are	The present indicative plural of the substantive verb to be; but etymologically a different word from be, or was. Am, art, are, and is, all come from the root as.
Are	The unit of superficial measure, being a square of which each side is ten meters in length; 100 square meters, or about 119.6 square yards.
Areas	of Area
Area	Any plane surface, as of the floor of a room or church, or of the ground within an inclosure; an open space in a building.
Area	The inclosed space on which a building stands.
Area	The sunken space or court, giving ingress and affording light to the basement of a building.
Area	An extent of surface; a tract of the earth's surface; a region; as, vast uncultivated areas.
Area	The superficial contents of any figure; the surface included within any given lines; superficial extent; as, the area of a square or a triangle.
Area	A spot or small marked space; as, the germinative area.
Area	Extent; scope; range; as, a wide area of thought.
Aread	Alt. of Areed
Areed	To tell, declare, explain, or interpret; to divine; to guess; as, to aread a riddle or a dream.
Areed	To read.
Areed	To counsel, advise, warn, or direct.
Areed	To decree; to adjudge.
Areal	Of or pertaining to an area; as, areal interstices (the areas or spaces inclosed by the reticulate vessels of leaves).
Arear	To raise; to set up; to stir up.
Arear	Backward; in or to the rear; behindhand.
Areca	A genus of palms, one species of which produces the areca nut, or betel nut, which is chewed in India with the leaf of the Piper Betle and lime.
Areek	In a reeking condition.
Arefaction	The act of drying, or the state of growing dry.
Arefy	To dry, or make dry.
Arenas	of Arena
Arenae	of Arena
Arena	The area in the central part of an amphitheater, in which the gladiators fought and other shows were exhibited; -- so called because it was covered with sand.
Arena	Any place of public contest or exertion; any sphere of action; as, the arenaof debate; the arena of life.
Arena	"Sand" or "gravel" in the kidneys.
Arenaceous	Sandy or consisting largely of sand; of the nature of sand; easily disintegrating into sand; friable; as, arenaceous limestone.
Arenarious	Sandy; as, arenarious soil.
Arenation	A sand bath; application of hot sand to the body.
Arendator	In some provinces of Russia, one who farms the rents or revenues.
Areng	Alt. of Arenga
Arenga	A palm tree (Saguerus saccharifer) which furnishes sago, wine, and fibers for ropes; the gomuti palm.
Arenicolite	An ancient wormhole in sand, preserved in the rocks.
Arenilitic	Of or pertaining to sandstone; as, arenilitic mountains.
Arenose	Sandy; full of sand.
Arenulous	Full of fine sand; like sand.
Areolae	of Areola
Areola	An interstice or small space, as between the cracks of the surface in certain crustaceous lichens; or as between the fibers composing organs or vessels that interlace; or as between the nervures of an insect's wing.
Areola	The colored ring around the nipple, or around a vesicle or pustule.
Areolar	Pertaining to, or like, an areola; filled with interstices or areolae.
Areolate	Alt. of Areolated
Areolated	Divided into small spaces or areolations, as the wings of insects, the leaves of plants, or the receptacle of compound flowers.
Areolation	Division into areolae.
Areolation	Any small space, bounded by some part different in color or structure, as the spaces bounded by the nervures of the wings of insects, or those by the veins of leaves; an areola.
Areole	Same as Areola.
Areolet	A small inclosed area; esp. one of the small spaces on the wings of insects, circumscribed by the veins.
Areometer	An instrument for measuring the specific gravity of fluids; a form hydrometer.
Areometric	Alt. of Areometrical
Areometrical	Pertaining to, or measured by, an areometer.
Areometry	The art or process of measuring the specific gravity of fluids.
Areopagist	See Areopagite.
Areopagite	A member of the Areopagus.
Areopagitic	Pertaining to the Areopagus.
Areopagus	The highest judicial court at Athens. Its sessions were held on Mars' Hill. Hence, any high court or tribunal
Areostyle	See Intercolumniation, and Araeostyle.
Areosystyle	See Intercolumniation, and Araeosystyle.
Arere	See Arear.
Arest	A support for the spear when couched for the attack.
Aret	To reckon; to ascribe; to impute.
Aretaics	The ethical theory which excludes all relations between virtue and happiness; the science of virtue; -- contrasted with eudemonics.
Aretology	That part of moral philosophy which treats of virtue, its nature, and the means of attaining to it.
Arew	In a row.
Argal	Crude tartar. See Argol.
Argal	A ludicrous corruption of the Latin word ergo, therefore.
Argal	Alt. of Argali
Argali	A species of wild sheep (Ovis ammon, or O. argali), remarkable for its large horns. It inhabits the mountains of Siberia and central Asia.
Argala	The adjutant bird.
Argand lamp	A lamp with a circular hollow wick and glass chimney which allow a current of air both inside and outside of the flame.
Argas	A genus of venomous ticks which attack men and animals. The famous Persian Argas, also called Miana bug, is A. Persicus; that of Central America, called talaje by the natives, is A. Talaje.
Argean	Pertaining to the ship Argo. See Argo.
Argent	Silver, or money.
Argent	Whiteness; anything that is white.
Argent	The white color in coats of arms, intended to represent silver, or, figuratively, purity, innocence, beauty, or gentleness; -- represented in engraving by a plain white surface.
Argent	Made of silver; of a silvery color; white; shining.
Argental	Of or pertaining to silver; resembling, containing, or combined with, silver.
Argentan	An alloy of nickel with copper and zinc; German silver.
Argentate	Silvery white.
Argentation	A coating or overlaying with silver.
Argentic	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, silver; -- said of certain compounds of silver in which this metal has its lowest proportion; as, argentic chloride.
Argentiferous	Producing or containing silver; as, argentiferous lead ore or veins.
Argentine	Pertaining to, or resembling, silver; made of, or sounding like, silver; silvery.
Argentine	Of or pertaining to the Argentine Republic in South America.
Argentine	A siliceous variety of calcite, or carbonate of lime, having a silvery-white, pearly luster, and a waving or curved lamellar structure.
Argentine	White metal coated with silver.
Argentine	A fish of Europe (Maurolicus Pennantii) with silvery scales. The name is also applied to various fishes of the genus Argentina.
Argentine	A citizen of the Argentine Republic.
Argentite	Sulphide of silver; -- also called vitreous silver, or silver glance. It has a metallic luster, a lead-gray color, and is sectile like lead.
Argentous	Of, pertaining to, or containing, silver; -- said of certain silver compounds in which silver has a higher proportion than in argentic compounds; as, argentous chloride.
Argentry	Silver plate or vessels.
Argil	Clay, or potter's earth; sometimes pure clay, or alumina. See Clay.
Argillaceous	Of the nature of clay; consisting of, or containing, argil or clay; clayey.
Argilliferous	Producing clay; -- applied to such earths as abound with argil.
Argillite	Argillaceous schist or slate; clay slate. Its colors is bluish or blackish gray, sometimes greenish gray, brownish red, etc.
Argillo-areenaceous	Consisting of, or containing, clay and sand, as a soil.
Argillo-calcareous	Consisting of, or containing, clay and calcareous earth.
Argillo-ferruginous	Containing clay and iron.
Argillous	Argillaceous; clayey.
Argive	Of or performance to Argos, the capital of Argolis in Greece.
Argive	A native of Argos. Often used as a generic term, equivalent to Grecian or Greek.
Argo	The name of the ship which carried Jason and his fifty-four companions to Colchis, in quest of the Golden Fleece.
Argo	A large constellation in the southern hemisphere, called also Argo Navis. In modern astronomy it is replaced by its three divisions, Carina, Puppis, and Vela.
Argoan	Pertaining to the ship Argo.
Argoile	Potter's clay.
Argol	Crude tartar; an acidulous salt from which cream of tartar is prepared. It exists in the juice of grapes, and is deposited from wines on the sides of the casks.
Argolic	Pertaining to Argolis, a district in the Peloponnesus.
Argon	A substance regarded as an element, contained in the atmosphere and remarkable for its chemical inertness.
Argonaut	Any one of the legendary Greek heroes who sailed with Jason, in the Argo, in quest of the Golden Fleece.
Argonaut	A cephalopod of the genus Argonauta.
Argonauta	A genus of Cephalopoda. The shell is called paper nautilus or paper sailor.
Argonautic	Of or pertaining to the Argonauts.
Argosies	of Argosy
Argosy	A large ship, esp. a merchant vessel of the largest size.
Argot	A secret language or conventional slang peculiar to thieves, tramps, and vagabonds; flash.
Arguable	Capable of being argued; admitting of debate.
Argued	of Argue
Arguing	of Argue
Argue	To invent and offer reasons to support or overthrow a proposition, opinion, or measure; to use arguments; to reason.
Argue	To contend in argument; to dispute; to reason; -- followed by with; as, you may argue with your friend without convincing him.
Argue	To debate or discuss; to treat by reasoning; as, the counsel argued the cause before a full court; the cause was well argued.
Argue	To prove or evince; too manifest or exhibit by inference, deduction, or reasoning.
Argue	To persuade by reasons; as, to argue a man into a different opinion.
Argue	To blame; to accuse; to charge with.
Arguer	One who argues; a reasoner; a disputant.
Argufy	To argue pertinaciously.
Argufy	To signify.
Argulus	A genus of copepod Crustacea, parasitic of fishes; a fish louse. See Branchiura.
Argument	Proof; evidence.
Argument	A reason or reasons offered in proof, to induce belief, or convince the mind; reasoning expressed in words; as, an argument about, concerning, or regarding a proposition, for or in favor of it, or against it.
Argument	A process of reasoning, or a controversy made up of rational proofs; argumentation; discussion; disputation.
Argument	The subject matter of a discourse, writing, or artistic representation; theme or topic; also, an abstract or summary, as of the contents of a book, chapter, poem.
Argument	Matter for question; business in hand.
Argument	The quantity on which another quantity in a table depends; as, the altitude is the argument of the refraction.
Argument	The independent variable upon whose value that of a function depends.
Argument	To make an argument; to argue.
Argumentable	Admitting of argument.
Argumental	Of, pertaining to, or containing, argument; argumentative.
Argumentation	The act of forming reasons, making inductions, drawing conclusions, and applying them to the case in discussion; the operation of inferring propositions, not known or admitted as true, from facts or principles known, admitted, or proved to be true.
Argumentation	Debate; discussion.
Argumentative	Consisting of, or characterized by, argument; containing a process of reasoning; as, an argumentative discourse.
Argumentative	Adductive as proof; indicative; as, the adaptation of things to their uses is argumentative of infinite wisdom in the Creator.
Argumentative	Given to argument; characterized by argument; disputatious; as, an argumentative writer.
Argumentize	To argue or discuss.
Argus	A fabulous being of antiquity, said to have had a hundred eyes, who has placed by Juno to guard Io. His eyes were transplanted to the peacock's tail.
Argus	One very vigilant; a guardian always watchful.
Argus	A genus of East Indian pheasants. The common species (A. giganteus) is remarkable for the great length and beauty of the wing and tail feathers of the male. The species A. Grayi inhabits Borneo.
Argus-eyed	Extremely observant; watchful; sharp-sighted.
Argus shell	A species of shell (Cypraea argus), beautifully variegated with spots resembling those in a peacock's tail.
Argutation	Caviling; subtle disputation.
Argute	Sharp; shrill.
Argute	Sagacious; acute; subtle; shrewd.
Argutely	In a subtle; shrewdly.
Arguteness	Acuteness.
Arhizal	Alt. of Arhythmous
Arhizous	Alt. of Arhythmous
Arhythmic	Alt. of Arhythmous
Arhythmous	See Arrhizal, Arrhizous, Arrhythmic, Arrhythmous.
Aria	An air or song; a melody; a tune.
Arian	See Aryan.
Arian	Pertaining to Arius, a presbyter of the church of Alexandria, in the fourth century, or to the doctrines of Arius, who held Christ to be inferior to God the Father in nature and dignity, though the first and noblest of all created beings.
Arian	One who adheres to or believes the doctrines of Arius.
Arianism	The doctrines of the Arians.
Arianize	To admit or accept the tenets of the Arians; to become an Arian.
Arianize	To convert to Arianism.
Aricine	An alkaloid, first found in white cinchona bark.
Arid	Exhausted of moisture; parched with heat; dry; barren.
Aridities	of Aridity
Aridity	The state or quality of being arid or without moisture; dryness.
Aridity	Fig.: Want of interest of feeling; insensibility; dryness of style or feeling; spiritual drought.
Aridness	Aridity; dryness.
Ariel	Alt. of Ariel gazelle
Ariel gazelle	A variety of the gazelle (Antilope, / Gazella, dorcas), found in Arabia and adjacent countries.
Ariel gazelle	A squirrel-like Australian marsupial, a species of Petaurus.
Ariel gazelle	A beautiful Brazilian toucan Ramphastos ariel).
Aries	The Ram; the first of the twelve signs in the zodiac, which the sun enters at the vernal equinox, about the 21st of March.
Aries	A constellation west of Taurus, drawn on the celestial globe in the figure of a ram.
Aries	A battering-ram.
Arietate	To butt, as a ram.
Arietation	The act of butting like a ram; act of using a battering-ram.
Arietation	Act of striking or conflicting.
Arietta	Alt. of Ariette
Ariette	A short aria, or air.
Aright	Rightly; correctly; in a right way or form; without mistake or crime; as, to worship God aright.
Aril	Alt. of Arillus
Arillus	A exterior covering, forming a false coat or appendage to a seed, as the loose, transparent bag inclosing the seed or the white water lily. The mace of the nutmeg is also an aril.
Arillate	Alt. of Ariled
Arllated	Alt. of Ariled
Ariled	Having an aril.
Ariman	See Ahriman.
Ariolation	A soothsaying; a foretelling.
Ariose	Characterized by melody, as distinguished from harmony.
Arioso	In the smooth and melodious style of an air; ariose.
Arose	of Arise
Arising	of Arise
Arisen	of Arise
Arise	To come up from a lower to a higher position; to come above the horizon; to come up from one's bed or place of repose; to mount; to ascend; to rise; as, to arise from a kneeling posture; a cloud arose; the sun ariseth; he arose early in the morning.
Arise	To spring up; to come into action, being, or notice; to become operative, sensible, or visible; to begin to act a part; to present itself; as, the waves of the sea arose; a persecution arose; the wrath of the king shall arise.
Arise	To proceed; to issue; to spring.
Arise	Rising.
Arist	3d sing. pres. of Arise, for ariseth.
Arista	An awn.
Aristarch	A severe critic.
Aristarchian	Severely critical.
Aristarchy	Severely criticism.
Aristarchy	Severe criticism.
Aristate	Having a pointed, beardlike process, as the glumes of wheat; awned.
Aristate	Having a slender, sharp, or spinelike tip.
Aristocracies	of Aristocracy
Aristocracy	Government by the best citizens.
Aristocracy	A ruling body composed of the best citizens.
Aristocracy	A form a government, in which the supreme power is vested in the principal persons of a state, or in a privileged order; an oligarchy.
Aristocracy	The nobles or chief persons in a state; a privileged class or patrician order; (in a popular use) those who are regarded as superior to the rest of the community, as in rank, fortune, or intellect.
Aristocrat	One of the aristocracy or people of rank in a community; one of a ruling class; a noble.
Aristocrat	One who is overbearing in his temper or habits; a proud or haughty person.
Aristocrat	One who favors an aristocracy as a form of government, or believes the aristocracy should govern.
Aristocratic	Alt. of Aristocratical
Aristocratical	Of or pertaining to an aristocracy; consisting in, or favoring, a government of nobles, or principal men; as, an aristocratic constitution.
Aristocratical	Partaking of aristocracy; befitting aristocracy; characteristic of, or originating with, the aristocracy; as, an aristocratic measure; aristocratic pride or manners.
Aristocratism	The principles of aristocrats.
Aristocratism	Aristocrats, collectively.
Aristology	The science of dining.
Aristophanic	Of or pertaining to Aristophanes, the Athenian comic poet.
Aristotelian	Of or pertaining to Aristotle, the famous Greek philosopher (384-322 b. c.).
Aristotelian	A follower of Aristotle; a Peripatetic. See Peripatetic.
Aristotelianism	The philosophy of Aristotle, otherwise called the Peripatetic philosophy.
Aristotelic	Pertaining to Aristotle or to his philosophy.
Aristotle's lantern	The five united jaws and accessory ossicles of certain sea urchins.
Aristulate	Having a short beard or awn.
Arithmancy	Divination by means of numbers.
Arithmetic	The science of numbers; the art of computation by figures.
Arithmetic	A book containing the principles of this science.
Arithmetical	Of or pertaining to arithmetic; according to the rules or method of arithmetic.
Arithmetically	Conformably to the principles or methods of arithmetic.
Arithmetician	One skilled in arithmetic.
Arithmomancy	Arithmancy.
Arithmometer	A calculating machine.
Ark	A chest, or coffer.
Ark	The oblong chest of acacia wood, overlaid with gold, which supported the mercy seat with its golden cherubs, and occupied the most sacred place in the sanctuary. In it Moses placed the two tables of stone containing the ten commandments. Called also the Ark of the Covenant.
Ark	The large, chestlike vessel in which Noah and his family were preserved during the Deluge. Gen. vi. Hence: Any place of refuge.
Ark	A large flatboat used on Western American rivers to transport produce to market.
Arkite	Belonging to the ark.
Ark shell	A marine bivalve shell belonging to the genus Arca and its allies.
Arles	An earnest; earnest money; money paid to bind a bargain.
Arm	The limb of the human body which extends from the shoulder to the hand; also, the corresponding limb of a monkey.
Arm	Anything resembling an arm
Arm	The fore limb of an animal, as of a bear.
Arm	A limb, or locomotive or prehensile organ, of an invertebrate animal.
Arm	A branch of a tree.
Arm	A slender part of an instrument or machine, projecting from a trunk, axis, or fulcrum; as, the arm of a steelyard.
Arm	The end of a yard; also, the part of an anchor which ends in the fluke.
Arm	An inlet of water from the sea.
Arm	A support for the elbow, at the side of a chair, the end of a sofa, etc.
Arm	Fig.: Power; might; strength; support; as, the secular arm; the arm of the law.
Arm	A branch of the military service; as, the cavalry arm was made efficient.
Arm	A weapon of offense or defense; an instrument of warfare; -- commonly in the pl.
Armed	of Arm
Arming	of Arm
Arm	To take by the arm; to take up in one's arms.
Arm	To furnish with arms or limbs.
Arm	To furnish or equip with weapons of offense or defense; as, to arm soldiers; to arm the country.
Arm	To cover or furnish with a plate, or with whatever will add strength, force, security, or efficiency; as, to arm the hit of a sword; to arm a hook in angling.
Arm	Fig.: To furnish with means of defense; to prepare for resistance; to fortify, in a moral sense.
Arm	To provide one's self with arms, weapons, or means of attack or resistance; to take arms.
Armada	A fleet of armed ships; a squadron. Specifically, the Spanish fleet which was sent to assail England, a. d. 1558.
Armadillos	of Armadillo
Armadillo	Any edentate animal if the family Dasypidae, peculiar to America. The body and head are incased in an armor composed of small bony plates. The armadillos burrow in the earth, seldom going abroad except at night. When attacked, they curl up into a ball, presenting the armor on all sides. Their flesh is good food. There are several species, one of which (the peba) is found as far north as Texas. See Peba, Poyou, Tatouay.
Armadillo	A genus of small isopod Crustacea that can roll themselves into a ball.
Armado	Armada.
Armament	A body of forces equipped for war; -- used of a land or naval force.
Armament	All the cannon and small arms collectively, with their equipments, belonging to a ship or a fortification.
Armament	Any equipment for resistance.
Armamentary	An armory; a magazine or arsenal.
Armature	Armor; whatever is worn or used for the protection and defense of the body, esp. the protective outfit of some animals and plants.
Armature	A piece of soft iron used to connect the two poles of a magnet, or electro-magnet, in order to complete the circuit, or to receive and apply the magnetic force. In the ordinary horseshoe magnet, it serves to prevent the dissipation of the magnetic force.
Armature	Iron bars or framing employed for the consolidation of a building, as in sustaining slender columns, holding up canopies, etc.
Armchair	A chair with arms to support the elbows or forearms.
Armed	Furnished with weapons of offense or defense; furnished with the means of security or protection.
Armed	Furnished with whatever serves to add strength, force, or efficiency.
Armed	Having horns, beak, talons, etc; -- said of beasts and birds of prey.
Armenian	Of or pertaining to Armenia.
Armenian	A native or one of the people of Armenia; also, the language of the Armenians.
Armenian	An adherent of the Armenian Church, an organization similar in some doctrines and practices to the Greek Church, in others to the Roman Catholic.
Armet	A kind of helmet worn in the 14th, 15th, and 16th centuries.
Armfulus	of Armful
Armful	As much as the arm can hold.
Armgaunt	With gaunt or slender legs. (?)
Arm-gret	Great as a man's arm.
Armhole	The cavity under the shoulder; the armpit.
Armhole	A hole for the arm in a garment.
Armiferous	Bearing arms or weapons.
Armiger	Formerly, an armor bearer, as of a knight, an esquire who bore his shield and rendered other services. In later use, one next in degree to a knight, and entitled to armorial bearings. The term is now superseded by esquire.
Armigerous	Bearing arms.
Armil	A bracelet.
Armil	An ancient astronomical instrument.
Armillas	of Armilla
Armillae	of Armilla
Armilla	An armil.
Armilla	A ring of hair or feathers on the legs.
Armillary	Pertaining to, or resembling, a bracelet or ring; consisting of rings or circles.
Arming	The act of furnishing with, or taking, arms.
Arming	A piece of tallow placed in a cavity at the lower end of a sounding lead, to bring up the sand, shells, etc., of the sea bottom.
Arming	Red dress cloths formerly hung fore and aft outside of a ship's upper works on holidays.
Arminian	Of or pertaining to Arminius of his followers, or to their doctrines. See note under Arminian, n.
Arminian	One who holds the tenets of Arminius, a Dutch divine (b. 1560, d. 1609).
Arminianism	The religious doctrines or tenets of the Arminians.
Armipotence	Power in arms.
Armipotent	Powerful in arms; mighty in battle.
Armisonant	Alt. of Armisonous
Armisonous	Rustling in arms; resounding with arms.
Armistice	A cessation of arms for a short time, by convention; a temporary suspension of hostilities by agreement; a truce.
Armless	Without any arm or branch.
Armless	Destitute of arms or weapons.
Armlet	A small arm; as, an armlet of the sea.
Armlet	An arm ring; a bracelet for the upper arm.
Armlet	Armor for the arm.
Armoniac	Ammoniac.
Armor	Defensive arms for the body; any clothing or covering worn to protect one's person in battle.
Armor	Steel or iron covering, whether of ships or forts, protecting them from the fire of artillery.
Armor-bearer	One who carries the armor or arms of another; an armiger.
Armored	Clad with armor.
Armorer	One who makes or repairs armor or arms.
Armorer	Formerly, one who had care of the arms and armor of a knight, and who dressed him in armor.
Armorer	One who has the care of arms and armor, cleans or repairs them, etc.
Armorial	Belonging to armor, or to the heraldic arms or escutcheon of a family.
Armoric	Alt. of Armorican
Armorican	Of or pertaining to the northwestern part of France (formerly called Armorica, now Bretagne or Brittany), or to its people.
Armorican	The language of the Armoricans, a Celtic dialect which has remained to the present times.
Armorican	A native of Armorica.
Armorist	One skilled in coat armor or heraldry.
Armor-plated	Covered with defensive plates of metal, as a ship of war; steel-clad.
Armories	of Armory
Armory	A place where arms and instruments of war are deposited for safe keeping.
Armory	Armor; defensive and offensive arms.
Armory	A manufactory of arms, as rifles, muskets, pistols, bayonets, swords.
Armory	Ensigns armorial; armorial bearings.
Armory	That branch of heraldry which treats of coat armor.
Armozeen	Alt. of Armozine
Armozine	A thick plain silk, generally black, and used for clerical.
Armpit	The hollow beneath the junction of the arm and shoulder; the axilla.
Armrack	A frame, generally vertical, for holding small arms.
Arms	Instruments or weapons of offense or defense.
Arms	The deeds or exploits of war; military service or science.
Arms	Anything which a man takes in his hand in anger, to strike or assault another with; an aggressive weapon.
Arms	The ensigns armorial of a family, consisting of figures and colors borne in shields, banners, etc., as marks of dignity and distinction, and descending from father to son.
Arms	The legs of a hawk from the thigh to the foot.
Armure	Armor.
Armure	A variety of twilled fabric ribbed on the surface.
Army	A collection or body of men armed for war, esp. one organized in companies, battalions, regiments, brigades, and divisions, under proper officers.
Army	A body of persons organized for the advancement of a cause; as, the Blue Ribbon Army.
Army	A great number; a vast multitude; a host.
Army worm	A lepidopterous insect, which in the larval state often travels in great multitudes from field to field, destroying grass, grain, and other crops. The common army worm of the northern United States is Leucania unipuncta. The name is often applied to other related species, as the cotton worm.
Army worm	The larva of a small two-winged fly (Sciara), which marches in large companies, in regular order. See Cotton worm, under Cotton.
Arna	Alt. of Arnee
Arnee	The wild buffalo of India (Bos, or Bubalus, arni), larger than the domestic buffalo and having enormous horns.
Arnatto	See Annotto.
Arnica	A genus of plants; also, the most important species (Arnica montana), native of the mountains of Europe, used in medicine as a narcotic and stimulant.
Arnicin	An active principle of Arnica montana. It is a bitter resin.
Arnicine	An alkaloid obtained from the arnica plant.
Arnot	Alt. of Arnut
Arnut	The earthnut.
Arnotto	Same as Annotto.
Aroid	Alt. of Aroideous
Aroideous	Belonging to, or resembling, the Arum family of plants.
Aroint	Stand off, or begone.
Aroint	To drive or scare off by some exclamation.
Aroma	The quality or principle of plants or other substances which constitutes their fragrance; agreeable odor; as, the aroma of coffee.
Aroma	Fig.: The fine diffusive quality of intellectual power; flavor; as, the subtile aroma of genius.
Aromatic	Alt. of Aromatical
Aromatical	Pertaining to, or containing, aroma; fragrant; spicy; strong-scented; odoriferous; as, aromatic balsam.
Aromatic	A plant, drug, or medicine, characterized by a fragrant smell, and usually by a warm, pungent taste, as ginger, cinnamon, spices.
Aromatization	The act of impregnating or secting with aroma.
Aromatized	of Aromatize
Aromatizing	of Aromatize
Aromatize	To impregnate with aroma; to render aromatic; to give a spicy scent or taste to; to perfume.
Aromatizer	One who, or that which, aromatizes or renders aromatic.
Aromatous	Aromatic.
Aroph	A barbarous word used by the old chemists to designate various medical remedies.
Arose	The past or preterit tense of Arise.
Around	In a circle; circularly; on every side; round.
Around	In a circuit; here and there within the surrounding space; all about; as, to travel around from town to town.
Around	Near; in the neighborhood; as, this man was standing around when the fight took place.
Around	On all sides of; encircling; encompassing; so as to make the circuit of; about.
Around	From one part to another of; at random through; about; on another side of; as, to travel around the country; a house standing around the corner.
Arousal	The act of arousing, or the state of being aroused.
Aroused	of Arouse
Arousing	of Arouse
Arouse	To excite to action from a state of rest; to stir, or put in motion or exertion; to rouse; to excite; as, to arouse one from sleep; to arouse the dormant faculties.
Arow	In a row, line, or rank; successively; in order.
Aroynt	See Aroint.
Arpeggio	The production of the tones of a chord in rapid succession, as in playing the harp, and not simultaneously; a strain thus played.
Arpent	Alt. of Arpen
Arpen	Formerly, a measure of land in France, varying in different parts of the country. The arpent of Paris was 4,088 sq. yards, or nearly five sixths of an English acre. The woodland arpent was about 1 acre, 1 rood, 1 perch, English.
Arpentator	The Anglicized form of the French arpenteur, a land surveyor.
Arpine	An arpent.
Arquated	Shaped like a bow; arcuate; curved.
Arquebus	Alt. of Arquebuse
Arquebuse	A sort of hand gun or firearm a contrivance answering to a trigger, by which the burning match was applied. The musket was a later invention.
Arquebusade	The shot of an arquebus.
Arquebusade	A distilled water from a variety of aromatic plants, as rosemary, millefoil, etc.; -- originally used as a vulnerary in gunshot wounds.
Arquebusier	A soldier armed with an arquebus.
Arquifoux	Same as Alquifou.
Arrach	See Orach.
Arrack	A name in the East Indies and the Indian islands for all ardent spirits. Arrack is often distilled from a fermented mixture of rice, molasses, and palm wine of the cocoanut tree or the date palm, etc.
Arragonite	See Aragonite.
Arraigned	of Arraign
Arraigning	of Arraign
Arraign	To call or set as a prisoner at the bar of a court to answer to the matter charged in an indictment or complaint.
Arraign	To call to account, or accuse, before the bar of reason, taste, or any other tribunal.
Arraign	Arraignment; as, the clerk of the arraigns.
Arraign	To appeal to; to demand; as, to arraign an assize of novel disseizin.
Arraigner	One who arraigns.
Arraignment	The act of arraigning, or the state of being arraigned; the act of calling and setting a prisoner before a court to answer to an indictment or complaint.
Arraignment	A calling to an account to faults; accusation.
Arraiment	Alt. of Arrayment
Arrayment	Clothes; raiment.
Arranged	of Arrange
Arranging	of Arrange
Arrange	To put in proper order; to dispose (persons, or parts) in the manner intended, or best suited for the purpose; as, troops arranged for battle.
Arrange	To adjust or settle; to prepare; to determine; as, to arrange the preliminaries of an undertaking.
Arrangement	The act of arranging or putting in an orderly condition; the state of being arranged or put in order; disposition in suitable form.
Arrangement	The manner or result of arranging; system of parts disposed in due order; regular and systematic classification; as, arrangement of one's dress; the Linnaean arrangement of plants.
Arrangement	Preparatory proceeding or measure; preparation; as, we have made arrangement for receiving company.
Arrangement	Settlement; adjustment by agreement; as, the parties have made an arrangement between themselves concerning their disputes; a satisfactory arrangement.
Arrangement	The adaptation of a composition to voices or instruments for which it was not originally written.
Arrangement	A piece so adapted; a transcription; as, a pianoforte arrangement of Beethoven's symphonies; an orchestral arrangement of a song, an opera, or the like.
Arranger	One who arranges.
Arrant	Notoriously or preeminently bad; thorough or downright, in a bad sense; shameless; unmitigated; as, an arrant rogue or coward.
Arrant	Thorough or downright, in a good sense.
Arrantly	Notoriously, in an ill sense; infamously; impudently; shamefully.
Arras	Tapestry; a rich figured fabric; especially, a screen or hangings of heavy cloth with interwoven figures.
Arras	To furnish with an arras.
Arrasene	A material of wool or silk used for working the figures in embroidery.
Arrastre	A rude apparatus for pulverizing ores, esp. those containing free gold.
Arraswise	Alt. of Arrasways
Arrasways	Placed in such a position as to exhibit the top and two sides, the corner being in front; -- said of a rectangular form.
Arraught	Obtained; seized.
Array	Order; a regular and imposing arrangement; disposition in regular lines; hence, order of battle; as, drawn up in battle array.
Array	The whole body of persons thus placed in order; an orderly collection; hence, a body of soldiers.
Array	An imposing series of things.
Array	Dress; garments disposed in order upon the person; rich or beautiful apparel.
Array	A ranking or setting forth in order, by the proper officer, of a jury as impaneled in a cause.
Array	The panel itself.
Array	The whole body of jurors summoned to attend the court.
Arrayed	of Array
Arraying	of Array
Array	To place or dispose in order, as troops for battle; to marshal.
Array	To deck or dress; to adorn with dress; to cloth to envelop; -- applied esp. to dress of a splendid kind.
Array	To set in order, as a jury, for the trial of a cause; that is, to call them man by man.
Arrayer	One who arrays. In some early English statutes, applied to an officer who had care of the soldiers' armor, and who saw them duly accoutered.
Arrear	To or in the rear; behind; backwards.
Arrear	That which is behind in payment, or which remains unpaid, though due; esp. a remainder, or balance which remains due when some part has been paid; arrearage; -- commonly used in the plural, as, arrears of rent, wages, or taxes.
Arrearage	That which remains unpaid and overdue, after payment of a part; arrears.
Arrect	Alt. of Arrected
Arrected	Lifted up; raised; erect.
Arrected	Attentive, as a person listening.
Arrect	To direct.
Arrect	To impute.
Arrectary	An upright beam.
Arrenotokous	Producing males from unfertilized eggs, as certain wasps and bees.
Arrentation	A letting or renting, esp. a license to inclose land in a forest with a low hedge and a ditch, under a yearly rent.
Arreption	The act of taking away.
Arreptitious	Snatched away; seized or possessed, as a demoniac; raving; mad; crack-brained.
Arrested	of Arrest
Arresting	of Arrest
Arrest	To stop; to check or hinder the motion or action of; as, to arrest the current of a river; to arrest the senses.
Arrest	To take, seize, or apprehend by authority of law; as, to arrest one for debt, or for a crime.
Arrest	To seize on and fix; to hold; to catch; as, to arrest the eyes or attention.
Arrest	To rest or fasten; to fix; to concentrate.
Arrest	To tarry; to rest.
Arrest	The act of stopping, or restraining from further motion, etc.; stoppage; hindrance; restraint; as, an arrest of development.
Arrest	The taking or apprehending of a person by authority of law; legal restraint; custody. Also, a decree, mandate, or warrant.
Arrest	Any seizure by power, physical or moral.
Arrest	A scurfiness of the back part of the hind leg of a horse; -- also named rat-tails.
Arrestation	Arrest.
Arrestee	The person in whose hands is the property attached by arrestment.
Arrester	One who arrests.
Arrester	The person at whose suit an arrestment is made.
Arresting	Striking; attracting attention; impressive.
Arrestive	Tending to arrest.
Arrestment	The arrest of a person, or the seizure of his effects; esp., a process by which money or movables in the possession of a third party are attached.
Arrestment	A stoppage or check.
Arret	A judgment, decision, or decree of a court or high tribunal; also, a decree of a sovereign.
Arret	An arrest; a legal seizure.
Arret	Same as Aret.
Arrhaphostic	Seamless.
Arrhizal	Alt. of Arrhizous
Arrhizous	Destitute of a true root, as a parasitical plant.
Arrhythmic	Alt. of Arrhythmous
Arrhythmous	Being without rhythm or regularity, as the pulse.
Arrhytmy	Want of rhythm.
Arride	To please; to gratify.
Arriere	"That which is behind"; the rear; -- chiefly used as an adjective in the sense of behind, rear, subordinate.
Arriere-ban	A proclamation, as of the French kings, calling not only their immediate feudatories, but the vassals of these feudatories, to take the field for war; also, the body of vassals called or liable to be called to arms, as in ancient France.
Arris	The sharp edge or salient angle formed by two surfaces meeting each other, whether plane or curved; -- applied particularly to the edges in moldings, and to the raised edges which separate the flutings in a Doric column.
Arrish	The stubble of wheat or grass; a stubble field; eddish.
Arriswise	Diagonally laid, as tiles; ridgewise.
Arrival	The act of arriving, or coming; the act of reaching a place from a distance, whether by water (as in its original sense) or by land.
Arrival	The attainment or reaching of any object, by effort, or in natural course; as, our arrival at this conclusion was wholly unexpected.
Arrival	The person or thing arriving or which has arrived; as, news brought by the last arrival.
Arrival	An approach.
Arrivance	Arrival.
Arrived	of Arrive
Arriving	of Arrive
Arrive	To come to the shore or bank. In present usage: To come in progress by water, or by traveling on land; to reach by water or by land; -- followed by at (formerly sometimes by to), also by in and from.
Arrive	To reach a point by progressive motion; to gain or compass an object by effort, practice, study, inquiry, reasoning, or experiment.
Arrive	To come; said of time; as, the time arrived.
Arrive	To happen or occur.
Arrive	To bring to shore.
Arrive	To reach; to come to.
Arrive	Arrival.
Arriver	One who arrives.
Arroba	A Spanish weight used in Mexico and South America = 25.36 lbs. avoir.; also, an old Portuguese weight, used in Brazil = 32.38 lbs. avoir.
Arroba	A Spanish liquid measure for wine = 3.54 imp. gallons, and for oil = 2.78 imp. gallons.
Arrogance	The act or habit of arrogating, or making undue claims in an overbearing manner; that species of pride which consists in exorbitant claims of rank, dignity, estimation, or power, or which exalts the worth or importance of the person to an undue degree; proud contempt of others; lordliness; haughtiness; self-assumption; presumption.
Arrogancy	Arrogance.
Arrogant	Making, or having the disposition to make, exorbitant claims of rank or estimation; giving one's self an undue degree of importance; assuming; haughty; -- applied to persons.
Arrogant	Containing arrogance; marked with arrogance; proceeding from undue claims or self-importance; -- applied to things; as, arrogant pretensions or behavior.
Arrogantly	In an arrogant manner; with undue pride or self-importance.
Arrogantness	Arrogance.
Arrogated	of Arrogate
Arrogating	of Arrogate
Arrogate	To assume, or claim as one's own, unduly, proudly, or presumptuously; to make undue claims to, from vanity or baseless pretensions to right or merit; as, the pope arrogated dominion over kings.
Arrogation	The act of arrogating, or making exorbitant claims; the act of taking more than one is justly entitled to.
Arrogation	Adoption of a person of full age.
Arrogative	Making undue claims and pretension; prone to arrogance.
Arrondissement	A subdivision of a department.
Arrose	To drench; to besprinkle; to moisten.
Arrosion	A gnawing.
Arrow	A missile weapon of offense, slender, pointed, and usually feathered and barbed, to be shot from a bow.
Arrow grass	An herbaceous grasslike plant (Triglochin palustre, and other species) with pods opening so as to suggest barbed arrowheads.
Arrowhead	The head of an arrow.
Arrowhead	An aquatic plant of the genus Sagittaria, esp. S. sagittifolia, -- named from the shape of the leaves.
Arrowheaded	Shaped like the head of an arrow; cuneiform.
Arrowroot	A west Indian plant of the genus Maranta, esp. M. arundinacea, now cultivated in many hot countries. It said that the Indians used the roots to neutralize the venom in wounds made by poisoned arrows.
Arrowroot	A nutritive starch obtained from the rootstocks of Maranta arundinacea, and used as food, esp. for children an invalids; also, a similar starch obtained from other plants, as various species of Maranta and Curcuma.
Arrowwood	A shrub (Viburnum dentatum) growing in damp woods and thickets; -- so called from the long, straight, slender shoots.
Arrowworm	A peculiar transparent worm of the genus Sagitta, living at the surface of the sea. See Sagitta.
Arrowy	Consisting of arrows.
Arrowy	Formed or moving like, or in any respect resembling, an arrow; swift; darting; piercing.
Arroyos	of Arroyo
Arroyo	A water course; a rivulet.
Arroyo	The dry bed of a small stream.
Arschin	See Arshine.
Arse	The buttocks, or hind part of an animal; the posteriors; the fundament; the bottom.
Arsenal	A public establishment for the storage, or for the manufacture and storage, of arms and all military equipments, whether for land or naval service.
Arsenate	A salt of arsenic acid.
Arseniate	See Arsenate.
Arsenic	One of the elements, a solid substance resembling a metal in its physical properties, but in its chemical relations ranking with the nonmetals. It is of a steel-gray color and brilliant luster, though usually dull from tarnish. It is very brittle, and sublimes at 356 Fahrenheit. It is sometimes found native, but usually combined with silver, cobalt, nickel, iron, antimony, or sulphur. Orpiment and realgar are two of its sulphur compounds, the first of which is the true arsenicum of the ancients. The element and its compounds are active poisons. Specific gravity from 5.7 to 5.9. Atomic weight 75. Symbol As.
Arsenic	Arsenious oxide or arsenious anhydride; -- called also arsenious acid, white arsenic, and ratsbane.
Arsenic	Pertaining to, or derived from, arsenic; -- said of those compounds of arsenic in which this element has its highest equivalence; as, arsenic acid.
Arsenical	Of or pertaining to, or containing, arsenic; as, arsenical vapor; arsenical wall papers.
Arsenicated	of Arsenicate
Arsenicating	of Arsenicate
Arsenicate	To combine with arsenic; to treat or impregnate with arsenic.
Arsenicism	A diseased condition produced by slow poisoning with arsenic.
Arsenide	A compound of arsenic with a metal, or positive element or radical; -- formerly called arseniuret.
Arseniferous	Containing or producing arsenic.
Arsenious	Pertaining to, consisting of, or containing, arsenic; as, arsenious powder or glass.
Arsenious	Pertaining to, or derived from, arsenic, when having an equivalence next lower than the highest; as, arsenious acid.
Arsenite	A salt formed by the union of arsenious acid with a base.
Arseniuret	See Arsenide.
Arseniureted	Combined with arsenic; -- said some elementary substances or radicals; as, arseniureted hydrogen.
Arsenopyrite	A mineral of a tin-white color and metallic luster, containing arsenic, sulphur, and iron; -- also called arsenical pyrites and mispickel.
Arsesmart	Smartweed; water pepper.
Arshine	A Russian measure of length = 2 ft. 4.246 inches.
Arsine	A compound of arsenic and hydrogen, AsH3, a colorless and exceedingly poisonous gas, having an odor like garlic; arseniureted hydrogen.
Arsis	That part of a foot where the ictus is put, or which is distinguished from the rest (known as the thesis) of the foot by a greater stress of voice.
Arsis	That elevation of voice now called metrical accentuation, or the rhythmic accent.
Arsis	The elevation of the hand, or that part of the bar at which it is raised, in beating time; the weak or unaccented part of the bar; -- opposed to thesis.
Arsmetrike	Arithmetic.
Arson	The malicious burning of a dwelling house or outhouse of another man, which by the common law is felony; the malicious and voluntary firing of a building or ship.
Art	The second person singular, indicative mode, present tense, of the substantive verb Be; but formed after the analogy of the plural are, with the ending -t, as in thou shalt, wilt, orig. an ending of the second person sing. pret. Cf. Be. Now used only in solemn or poetical style.
Art	The employment of means to accomplish some desired end; the adaptation of things in the natural world to the uses of life; the application of knowledge or power to practical purposes.
Art	A system of rules serving to facilitate the performance of certain actions; a system of principles and rules for attaining a desired end; method of doing well some special work; -- often contradistinguished from science or speculative principles; as, the art of building or engraving; the art of war; the art of navigation.
Art	The systematic application of knowledge or skill in effecting a desired result. Also, an occupation or business requiring such knowledge or skill.
Art	The application of skill to the production of the beautiful by imitation or design, or an occupation in which skill is so employed, as in painting and sculpture; one of the fine arts; as, he prefers art to literature.
Art	Those branches of learning which are taught in the academical course of colleges; as, master of arts.
Art	Learning; study; applied knowledge, science, or letters.
Art	Skill, dexterity, or the power of performing certain actions, acquired by experience, study, or observation; knack; as, a man has the art of managing his business to advantage.
Art	Skillful plan; device.
Art	Cunning; artifice; craft.
Art	The black art; magic.
Artemia	A genus of phyllopod Crustacea found in salt lakes and brines; the brine shrimp. See Brine shrimp.
Artemisia	A genus of plants including the plants called mugwort, southernwood, and wormwood. Of these A. absinthium, or common wormwood, is well known, and A. tridentata is the sage brush of the Rocky Mountain region.
Arteriac	Of or pertaining to the windpipe.
Arterial	Of or pertaining to an artery, or the arteries; as, arterial action; the arterial system.
Arterial	Of or pertaining to a main channel (resembling an artery), as a river, canal, or railroad.
Arterialization	The process of converting venous blood into arterial blood during its passage through the lungs, oxygen being absorbed and carbonic acid evolved; -- called also aeration and hematosis.
Arterialized	of Arterialize
Arterializing	of Arterialize
Arterialize	To transform, as the venous blood, into arterial blood by exposure to oxygen in the lungs; to make arterial.
Arteriography	A systematic description of the arteries.
Arteriole	A small artery.
Arteriology	That part of anatomy which treats of arteries.
Arteriotomy	The opening of an artery, esp. for bloodletting.
Arteriotomy	That part of anatomy which treats of the dissection of the arteries.
Arteritis	Inflammation of an artery or arteries.
Arteries	of Artery
Artery	The trachea or windpipe.
Artery	One of the vessels or tubes which carry either venous or arterial blood from the heart. They have tricker and more muscular walls than veins, and are connected with them by capillaries.
Artery	Hence: Any continuous or ramified channel of communication; as, arteries of trade or commerce.
Artesian	Of or pertaining to Artois (anciently called Artesium), in France.
Artful	Performed with, or characterized by, art or skill.
Artful	Artificial; imitative.
Artful	Using or exhibiting much art, skill, or contrivance; dexterous; skillful.
Artful	Cunning; disposed to cunning indirectness of dealing; crafty; as, an artful boy. [The usual sense.]
Artfully	In an artful manner; with art or cunning; skillfully; dexterously; craftily.
Artfulness	The quality of being artful; art; cunning; craft.
Arthen	Same as
Arthritic	Alt. of Arthritical
Arthritical	Pertaining to the joints.
Arthritical	Of or pertaining to arthritis; gouty.
Arthritis	Any inflammation of the joints, particularly the gout.
Arthroderm	The external covering of an Arthropod.
Arthrodia	A form of diarthrodial articulation in which the articular surfaces are nearly flat, so that they form only an imperfect ball and socket.
Arthrodial	Alt. of Arthrodic
Arthrodic	Of or pertaining to arthrodia.
Arthrodynia	An affection characterized by pain in or about a joint, not dependent upon structural disease.
Arthrodynic	Pertaining to arthrodynia, or pain in the joints; rheumatic.
Arthrogastra	A division of the Arachnida, having the abdomen annulated, including the scorpions, harvestmen, etc.; pedipalpi.
Arthrography	The description of joints.
Arthrology	That part of anatomy which treats of joints.
Arthromere	One of the body segments of Arthropods. See Arthrostraca.
Arthropleura	The side or limb-bearing portion of an arthromere.
Arthropod	One of the Arthropoda.
Arthropoda	A large division of Articulata, embracing all those that have jointed legs. It includes Insects, Arachnida, Pychnogonida, and Crustacea.
Arthropomata	One of the orders of Branchiopoda. See Branchiopoda.
Arthrosis	Articulation.
Arthrostraca	One of the larger divisions of Crustacea, so called because the thorax and abdomen are both segmented; Tetradecapoda. It includes the Amphipoda and Isopoda.
Arthrozoic	Of or pertaining to the Articulata; articulate.
Artiad	Even; not odd; -- said of elementary substances and of radicals the valence of which is divisible by two without a remainder.
Artichoke	The Cynara scolymus, a plant somewhat resembling a thistle, with a dilated, imbricated, and prickly involucre. The head (to which the name is also applied) is composed of numerous oval scales, inclosing the florets, sitting on a broad receptacle, which, with the fleshy base of the scales, is much esteemed as an article of food.
Artichoke	See Jerusalem artichoke.
Article	A distinct portion of an instrument, discourse, literary work, or any other writing, consisting of two or more particulars, or treating of various topics; as, an article in the Constitution. Hence: A clause in a contract, system of regulations, treaty, or the like; a term, condition, or stipulation in a contract; a concise statement; as, articles of agreement.
Article	A literary composition, forming an independent portion of a magazine, newspaper, or cyclopedia.
Article	Subject; matter; concern; distinct.
Article	A distinct part.
Article	A particular one of various things; as, an article of merchandise; salt is a necessary article.
Article	Precise point of time; moment.
Article	One of the three words, a, an, the, used before nouns to limit or define their application. A (or an) is called the indefinite article, the the definite article.
Article	One of the segments of an articulated appendage.
Articled	of Article
Articling	of Article
Article	To formulate in articles; to set forth in distinct particulars.
Article	To accuse or charge by an exhibition of articles.
Article	To bind by articles of covenant or stipulation; as, to article an apprentice to a mechanic.
Article	To agree by articles; to stipulate; to bargain; to covenant.
Articled	Bound by articles; apprenticed; as, an articled clerk.
Articular	Of or pertaining to the joints; as, an articular disease; an articular process.
Articular	Alt. of Articulary
Articulary	A bone in the base of the lower jaw of many birds, reptiles, amphibians, and fishes.
Articularly	In an articular or an articulate manner.
Articulata	One of the four subkingdoms in the classification of Cuvier. It has been much modified by later writers.
Articulata	One of the subdivisions of the Brachiopoda, including those that have the shells united by a hinge.
Articulata	A subdivision of the Crinoidea.
Articulate	Expressed in articles or in separate items or particulars.
Articulate	Jointed; formed with joints; consisting of segments united by joints; as, articulate animals or plants.
Articulate	Distinctly uttered; spoken so as to be intelligible; characterized by division into words and syllables; as, articulate speech, sounds, words.
Articulate	An animal of the subkingdom Articulata.
Articulated	of Articulate
Articulating	of Articulate
Articulate	To utter articulate sounds; to utter the elementary sounds of a language; to enunciate; to speak distinctly.
Articulate	To treat or make terms.
Articulate	To join or be connected by articulation.
Articulate	To joint; to unite by means of a joint; to put together with joints or at the joints.
Articulate	To draw up or write in separate articles; to particularize; to specify.
Articulate	To form, as the elementary sounds; to utter in distinct syllables or words; to enunciate; as, to articulate letters or language.
Articulate	To express distinctly; to give utterance to.
Articulated	United by, or provided with, articulations; jointed; as, an articulated skeleton.
Articulated	Produced, as a letter, syllable, or word, by the organs of speech; pronounced.
Articulately	After the manner, or in the form, of a joint.
Articulately	Article by article; in distinct particulars; in detail; definitely.
Articulately	With distinct utterance of the separate sounds.
Articulateness	Quality of being articulate.
Articulation	A joint or juncture between bones in the skeleton.
Articulation	The connection of the parts of a plant by joints, as in pods.
Articulation	One of the nodes or joints, as in cane and maize.
Articulation	One of the parts intercepted between the joints; also, a subdivision into parts at regular or irregular intervals as a result of serial intermission in growth, as in the cane, grasses, etc.
Articulation	The act of putting together with a joint or joints; any meeting of parts in a joint.
Articulation	The state of being jointed; connection of parts.
Articulation	The utterance of the elementary sounds of a language by the appropriate movements of the organs, as in pronunciation; as, a distinct articulation.
Articulation	A sound made by the vocal organs; an articulate utterance or an elementary sound, esp. a consonant.
Articulative	Of or pertaining to articulation.
Articulator	One who, or that which, articulates; as: (a) One who enunciates distinctly. (b) One who prepares and mounts skeletons. (c) An instrument to cure stammering.
Articuli	of Articulus
Articulus	A joint of the cirri of the Crinoidea; a joint or segment of an arthropod appendage.
Artifice	A handicraft; a trade; art of making.
Artifice	Workmanship; a skillfully contrived work.
Artifice	Artful or skillful contrivance.
Artifice	Crafty device; an artful, ingenious, or elaborate trick. [Now the usual meaning.]
Artificer	An artistic worker; a mechanic or manufacturer; one whose occupation requires skill or knowledge of a particular kind, as a silversmith.
Artificer	One who makes or contrives; a deviser, inventor, or framer.
Artificer	A cunning or artful fellow.
Artificer	A military mechanic, as a blacksmith, carpenter, etc.; also, one who prepares the shells, fuses, grenades, etc., in a military laboratory.
Artificial	Made or contrived by art; produced or modified by human skill and labor, in opposition to natural; as, artificial heat or light, gems, salts, minerals, fountains, flowers.
Artificial	Feigned; fictitious; assumed; affected; not genuine.
Artificial	Artful; cunning; crafty.
Artificial	Cultivated; not indigenous; not of spontaneous growth; as, artificial grasses.
Artificiality	The quality or appearance of being artificial; that which is artificial.
Artificialize	To render artificial.
Artificially	In an artificial manner; by art, or skill and contrivance, not by nature.
Artificially	Ingeniously; skillfully.
Artificially	Craftily; artfully.
Artificialness	The quality of being artificial.
Artificious	Artificial.
Artilize	To make resemble.
Artillerist	A person skilled in artillery or gunnery; a gunner; an artilleryman.
Artillery	Munitions of war; implements for warfare, as slings, bows, and arrows.
Artillery	Cannon; great guns; ordnance, including guns, mortars, howitzers, etc., with their equipment of carriages, balls, bombs, and shot of all kinds.
Artillery	The men and officers of that branch of the army to which the care and management of artillery are confided.
Artillery	The science of artillery or gunnery.
Artilleryman	A man who manages, or assists in managing, a large gun in firing.
Artiodactyla	One of the divisions of the ungulate animals. The functional toes of the hind foot are even in number, and the third digit of each foot (corresponding to the middle finger in man) is asymmetrical and paired with the fourth digit, as in the hog, the sheep, and the ox; -- opposed to Perissodactyla.
Artiodactyle	One of the Artiodactyla.
Artiodactylous	Even-toed.
Artisan	One who professes and practices some liberal art; an artist.
Artisan	One trained to manual dexterity in some mechanic art or trade; and handicraftsman; a mechanic.
Artist	One who practices some mechanic art or craft; an artisan.
Artist	One who professes and practices an art in which science and taste preside over the manual execution.
Artist	One who shows trained skill or rare taste in any manual art or occupation.
Artist	An artful person; a schemer.
Artiste	One peculiarly dexterous and tasteful in almost any employment, as an opera dancer, a hairdresser, a cook.
Artistic	Alt. of Artistical
Artistical	Of or pertaining to art or to artists; made in the manner of an artist; conformable to art; characterized by art; showing taste or skill.
Artistry	Works of art collectively.
Artistry	Artistic effect or quality.
Artistry	Artistic pursuits; artistic ability.
Artless	Wanting art, knowledge, or skill; ignorant; unskillful.
Artless	Contrived without skill or art; inartistic.
Artless	Free from guile, art, craft, or stratagem; characterized by simplicity and sincerity; sincere; guileless; ingenuous; honest; as, an artless mind; an artless tale.
Artlessly	In an artless manner; without art, skill, or guile; unaffectedly.
Artlessness	The quality of being artless, or void of art or guile; simplicity; sincerity.
Artly	With art or skill.
Artocarpeous	Alt. of Artocarpous
Artocarpous	Of or pertaining to the breadfruit, or to the genus Artocarpus.
Artotype	A kind of autotype.
Artotyrite	One of a sect in the primitive church, who celebrated the Lord's Supper with bread and cheese, alleging that the first oblations of men not only of the fruit of the earth, but of their flocks. [Gen. iv. 3, 4.]
Artow	A contraction of art thou.
Artsman	A man skilled in an art or in arts.
Art union	An association for promoting art (esp. the arts of design), and giving encouragement to artists.
Arum	A genus of plants found in central Europe and about the Mediterranean, having flowers on a spadix inclosed in a spathe. The cuckoopint of the English is an example.
Arundelian	Pertaining to an Earl of Arundel; as, Arundel or Arundelian marbles, marbles from ancient Greece, bought by the Earl of Arundel in 1624.
Arundiferous	Producing reeds or canes.
Arundinaceous	Of or pertaining to a reed; resembling the reed or cane.
Arundineous	Abounding with reeds; reedy.
Aruspices	of Aruspex
Aruspex	One of the class of diviners among the Etruscans and Romans, who foretold events by the inspection of the entrails of victims offered on the altars of the gods.
Aruspice	A soothsayer of ancient Rome. Same as Aruspex.
Aruspicy	Prognostication by inspection of the entrails of victims slain sacrifice.
Arval	A funeral feast.
Arvicole	A mouse of the genus Arvicola; the meadow mouse. There are many species.
Aryan	One of a primitive people supposed to have lived in prehistoric times, in Central Asia, east of the Caspian Sea, and north of the Hindoo Koosh and Paropamisan Mountains, and to have been the stock from which sprang the Hindoo, Persian, Greek, Latin, Celtic, Teutonic, Slavonic, and other races; one of that ethnological division of mankind called also Indo-European or Indo-Germanic.
Aryan	The language of the original Aryans.
Aryan	Of or pertaining to the people called Aryans; Indo-European; Indo-Germanic; as, the Aryan stock, the Aryan languages.
Aryanize	To make Aryan (a language, or in language).
Arytenoid	Ladle-shaped; -- applied to two small cartilages of the larynx, and also to the glands, muscles, etc., connected with them. The cartilages are attached to the cricoid cartilage and connected with the vocal cords.
As	Denoting equality or likeness in kind, degree, or manner; like; similar to; in the same manner with or in which; in accordance with; in proportion to; to the extent or degree in which or to which; equally; no less than; as, ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil; you will reap as you sow; do as you are bidden.
As	In the idea, character, or condition of, -- limiting the view to certain attributes or relations; as, virtue considered as virtue; this actor will appear as Hamlet.
As	While; during or at the same time that; when; as, he trembled as he spoke.
As	Because; since; it being the case that.
As	Expressing concession. (Often approaching though in meaning).
As	That, introducing or expressing a result or consequence, after the correlatives so and such.
As	As if; as though.
As	For instance; by way of example; thus; -- used to introduce illustrative phrases, sentences, or citations.
As	Than.
As	Expressing a wish.
As	An ace.
Asses	of As
As	A Roman weight, answering to the libra or pound, equal to nearly eleven ounces Troy weight. It was divided into twelve ounces.
As	A Roman copper coin, originally of a pound weight (12 oz.); but reduced, after the first Punic war, to two ounces; in the second Punic war, to one ounce; and afterwards to half an ounce.
Asa	An ancient name of a gum.
Asafetida	Alt. of Asafoetida
Asafoetida	The fetid gum resin or inspissated juice of a large umbelliferous plant (Ferula asafoetida) of Persia and the East Indies. It is used in medicine as an antispasmodic.
Asaphus	A genus of trilobites found in the Lower Silurian formation. See Illust. in Append.
Asarabacca	An acrid herbaceous plant (Asarum Europaeum), the leaves and roots of which are emetic and cathartic. It is principally used in cephalic snuffs.
Asarone	A crystallized substance, resembling camphor, obtained from the Asarum Europaeum; -- called also camphor of asarum.
Asbestic	Of, pertaining to, or resembling asbestus; inconsumable; asbestine.
Asbestiform	Having the form or structure of asbestus.
Asbestine	Of or pertaining to asbestus, or partaking of its nature; incombustible; asbestic.
Asbestous	Asbestic.
Asbestus	Alt. of Asbestos
Asbestos	A variety of amphibole or of pyroxene, occurring in long and delicate fibers, or in fibrous masses or seams, usually of a white, gray, or green-gray color. The name is also given to a similar variety of serpentine.
Asbolin	A peculiar acrid and bitter oil, obtained from wood soot.
Ascarides	of Ascarid
Ascarid	A parasitic nematoid worm, espec. the roundworm, Ascaris lumbricoides, often occurring in the human intestine, and allied species found in domestic animals; also commonly applied to the pinworm (Oxyuris), often troublesome to children and aged persons.
Ascended	of Ascend
Ascending	of Ascend
Ascend	To move upward; to mount; to go up; to rise; -- opposed to descend.
Ascend	To rise, in a figurative sense; to proceed from an inferior to a superior degree, from mean to noble objects, from particulars to generals, from modern to ancient times, from one note to another more acute, etc.; as, our inquiries ascend to the remotest antiquity; to ascend to our first progenitor.
Ascend	To go or move upward upon or along; to climb; to mount; to go up the top of; as, to ascend a hill, a ladder, a tree, a river, a throne.
Ascendable	Capable of being ascended.
Ascendancy	Alt. of Ascendance
Ascendance	Same as Ascendency.
Ascendant	Ascent; height; elevation.
Ascendant	The horoscope, or that degree of the ecliptic which rises above the horizon at the moment of one's birth; supposed to have a commanding influence on a person's life and fortune.
Ascendant	Superiority, or commanding influence; ascendency; as, one man has the ascendant over another.
Ascendant	An ancestor, or one who precedes in genealogy or degrees of kindred; a relative in the ascending line; a progenitor; -- opposed to descendant.
Ascendant	Alt. of Ascendent
Ascendent	Rising toward the zenith; above the horizon.
Ascendent	Rising; ascending.
Ascendent	Superior; surpassing; ruling.
Ascendency	Governing or controlling influence; domination; power.
Ascendible	Capable of being ascended; climbable.
Ascending	Rising; moving upward; as, an ascending kite.
Ascension	The act of ascending; a rising; ascent.
Ascension	Specifically: The visible ascent of our Savior on the fortieth day after his resurrection. (Acts i. 9.) Also, Ascension Day.
Ascension	An ascending or arising, as in distillation; also that which arises, as from distillation.
Ascensional	Relating to ascension; connected with ascent; ascensive; tending upward; as, the ascensional power of a balloon.
Ascensive	Rising; tending to rise, or causing to rise.
Ascensive	Augmentative; intensive.
Ascent	The act of rising; motion upward; rise; a mounting upward; as, he made a tedious ascent; the ascent of vapors from the earth.
Ascent	The way or means by which one ascends.
Ascent	An eminence, hill, or high place.
Ascent	The degree of elevation of an object, or the angle it makes with a horizontal line; inclination; rising grade; as, a road has an ascent of five degrees.
Ascertained	of Ascertain
Ascertaining	of Ascertain
Ascertain	To render (a person) certain; to cause to feel certain; to make confident; to assure; to apprise.
Ascertain	To make (a thing) certain to the mind; to free from obscurity, doubt, or change; to make sure of; to fix; to determine.
Ascertain	To find out or learn for a certainty, by trial, examination, or experiment; to get to know; as, to ascertain the weight of a commodity, or the purity of a metal.
Ascertainable	That may be ascertained.
Ascertainer	One who ascertains.
Ascertainment	The act of ascertaining; a reducing to certainty; a finding out by investigation; discovery.
Ascessancy	Alt. of Ascessant
Ascessant	See Acescency, Acescent.
Ascetic	Extremely rigid in self-denial and devotions; austere; severe.
Ascetic	In the early church, one who devoted himself to a solitary and contemplative life, characterized by devotion, extreme self-denial, and self-mortification; a hermit; a recluse; hence, one who practices extreme rigor and self-denial in religious things.
Asceticism	The condition, practice, or mode of life, of ascetics.
Ascham	A sort of cupboard, or case, to contain bows and other implements of archery.
Asci	See Ascus.
Ascian	One of the Ascii.
Ascidian	One of the Ascidioidea, or in a more general sense, one of the Tunicata. Also as an adj.
Ascidiarium	The structure which unites together the ascidiozooids in a compound ascidian.
Ascidiform	Shaped like an ascidian.
Ascidioidea	A group of Tunicata, often shaped like a two-necked bottle. The group includes, social, and compound species. The gill is a netlike structure within the oral aperture. The integument is usually leathery in texture. See Illustration in Appendix.
Ascidiozooid	One of the individual members of a compound ascidian. See Ascidioidea.
Ascidia	of Ascidium
Ascidium	A pitcher-shaped, or flask-shaped, organ or appendage of a plant, as the leaves of the pitcher plant, or the little bladderlike traps of the bladderwort (Utricularia).
Ascidium	A genus of simple ascidians, which formerly included most of the known species. It is sometimes used as a name for the Ascidioidea, or for all the Tunicata.
Ascigerous	Having asci.
Ascii	Alt. of Ascians
Ascians	Persons who, at certain times of the year, have no shadow at noon; -- applied to the inhabitants of the torrid zone, who have, twice a year, a vertical sun.
Ascites	A collection of serous fluid in the cavity of the abdomen; dropsy of the peritoneum.
Ascitic	Alt. of Ascitical
Ascitical	Of, pertaining to, or affected by, ascites; dropsical.
Ascititious	Supplemental; not inherent or original; adscititious; additional; assumed.
Asclepiad	A choriambic verse, first used by the Greek poet Asclepias, consisting of four feet, viz., a spondee, two choriambi, and an iambus.
Asclepiadaceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, plants of the Milkweed family.
Asclepias	A genus of plants including the milkweed, swallowwort, and some other species having medicinal properties.
Ascococci	of Ascococcus
Ascococcus	A form of micrococcus, found in putrid meat infusions, occurring in peculiar masses, each of which is inclosed in a hyaline capsule and contains a large number of spherical micrococci.
Ascospore	One of the spores contained in the asci of lichens and fungi. [See Illust. of Ascus.]
Ascribable	Capable of being ascribed; attributable.
Ascribed	of Ascribe
Ascribing	of Ascribe
Ascribe	To attribute, impute, or refer, as to a cause; as, his death was ascribed to a poison; to ascribe an effect to the right cause; to ascribe such a book to such an author.
Ascribe	To attribute, as a quality, or an appurtenance; to consider or allege to belong.
Ascript	See Adscript.
Ascription	The act of ascribing, imputing, or affirming to belong; also, that which is ascribed.
Ascriptitious	Ascribed.
Ascriptitious	Added; additional.
Ascus	A small membranous bladder or tube in which are inclosed the seedlike reproductive particles or sporules of lichens and certain fungi.
A-sea	On the sea; at sea; toward the sea.
Aseptic	Not liable to putrefaction; nonputrescent.
Aseptic	An aseptic substance.
Asexual	Having no distinct sex; without sexual action; as, asexual reproduction. See Fission and Gemmation.
Asexually	In an asexual manner; without sexual agency.
Ash	A genus of trees of the Olive family, having opposite pinnate leaves, many of the species furnishing valuable timber, as the European ash (Fraxinus excelsior) and the white ash (F. Americana).
Ash	The tough, elastic wood of the ash tree.
Ash	sing. of Ashes.
Ash	To strew or sprinkle with ashes.
Ashame	To shame.
Ashamed	Affected by shame; abashed or confused by guilt, or a conviction or consciousness of some wrong action or impropriety.
Ashamedly	Bashfully.
Ashantees	of Ashantee
Ashantee	A native or an inhabitant of Ashantee in Western Africa.
Ashantee	Of or pertaining to Ashantee.
Ash-colored	Of the color of ashes; a whitish gray or brownish gray.
Ashen	Of or pertaining to the ash tree.
Ashen	Consisting of, or resembling, ashes; of a color between brown and gray, or white and gray.
Ashen	obs. pl. for Ashes.
Ashery	A depository for ashes.
Ashery	A place where potash is made.
Ashes	The earthy or mineral particles of combustible substances remaining after combustion, as of wood or coal.
Ashes	Specifically: The remains of the human body when burnt, or when "returned to dust" by natural decay.
Ashes	The color of ashes; deathlike paleness.
Ash-fire	A low fire used in chemical operations.
Ash-furnace	Alt. of Ash-oven
Ash-oven	A furnace or oven for fritting materials for glass making.
Ashine	Shining; radiant.
Ashlar	Alt. of Ashler
Ashler	Hewn or squared stone; also, masonry made of squared or hewn stone.
Ashler	In the United States especially, a thin facing of squared and dressed stone upon a wall of rubble or brick.
Ashlaring	Alt. of Ashlering
Ashlering	The act of bedding ashlar in mortar.
Ashlering	Ashlar when in thin slabs and made to serve merely as a case to the body of the wall.
Ashlering	The short upright pieces between the floor beams and rafters in garrets. See Ashlar, 2.
Ashore	On shore or on land; on the land adjacent to water; to the shore; to the land; aground (when applied to a ship); -- sometimes opposed to aboard or afloat.
Ashtaroth	of Ashtoreth
Ashtoreth	The principal female divinity of the Phoenicians, as Baal was the principal male divinity.
Ash Wednesday	The first day of Lent; -- so called from a custom in the Roman Catholic church of putting ashes, on that day, upon the foreheads of penitents.
Ashweed	Goutweed.
Ashy	Pertaining to, or composed of, ashes; filled, or strewed with, ashes.
Ashy	Ash-colored; whitish gray; deadly pale.
Asian	Of or pertaining to Asia; Asiatic.
Asian	An Asiatic.
Asiarch	One of the chiefs or pontiffs of the Roman province of Asia, who had the superintendence of the public games and religious rites.
Asiatic	Of or pertaining to Asia or to its inhabitants.
Asiatic	A native, or one of the people, of Asia.
Asiaticism	Something peculiar to Asia or the Asiatics.
Aside	On, or to, one side; out of a straight line, course, or direction; at a little distance from the rest; out of the way; apart.
Aside	Out of one's thoughts; off; away; as, to put aside gloomy thoughts.
Aside	So as to be heard by others; privately.
Aside	Something spoken aside; as, a remark made by a stageplayer which the other players are not supposed to hear.
Asilus	A genus of large and voracious two-winged flies, including the bee killer and robber fly.
Asinego	Alt. of Assinego
Assinego	A stupid fellow.
Asinine	Of or belonging to, or having the qualities of, the ass, as stupidity and obstinacy.
Asininity	The quality of being asinine; stupidity combined with obstinacy.
Asiphonate	Destitute of a siphon or breathing tube; -- said of many bivalve shells.
Asiphonate	An asiphonate mollusk.
Asiphonea	Alt. of Asiphonida
Asiphonata	Alt. of Asiphonida
Asiphonida	A group of bivalve mollusks destitute of siphons, as the oyster; the asiphonate mollusks.
Asitia	Want of appetite; loathing of food.
Asked	of Ask
Asking	of Ask
Ask	To request; to seek to obtain by words; to petition; to solicit; -- often with of, in the sense of from, before the person addressed.
Ask	To require, demand, claim, or expect, whether by way of remuneration or return, or as a matter of necessity; as, what price do you ask?
Ask	To interrogate or inquire of or concerning; to put a question to or about; to question.
Ask	To invite; as, to ask one to an entertainment.
Ask	To publish in church for marriage; -- said of both the banns and the persons.
Ask	To request or petition; -- usually followed by for; as, to ask for bread.
Ask	To make inquiry, or seek by request; -- sometimes followed by after.
Ask	A water newt.
Askance	Alt. of Askant
Askant	Sideways; obliquely; with a side glance; with disdain, envy, or suspicion.
Askance	To turn aside.
Asker	One who asks; a petitioner; an inquirer.
Asker	An ask; a water newt.
Askew	Awry; askance; asquint; oblique or obliquely; -- sometimes indicating scorn, or contempt, or entry.
Asking	The act of inquiring or requesting; a petition; solicitation.
Asking	The publishing of banns.
Aslake	To mitigate; to moderate; to appease; to abate; to diminish.
Aslant	Toward one side; in a slanting direction; obliquely.
Aslant	In a slanting direction over; athwart.
Asleep	In a state of sleep; in sleep; dormant.
Asleep	In the sleep of the grave; dead.
Asleep	Numbed, and, usually, tingling.
Aslope	Slopingly; aslant; declining from an upright direction; sloping.
Aslug	Sluggishly.
Asmear	Smeared over.
Asmonean	Of or pertaining to the patriotic Jewish family to which the Maccabees belonged; Maccabean; as, the Asmonean dynasty.
Asmonean	One of the Asmonean family.  The Asmoneans were leaders and rulers of the Jews from 168 to 35 b. c.
Asoak	Soaking.
Asomatous	Without a material body; incorporeal.
Asonant	Not sounding or sounded.
Asp	Same as Aspen.
Asp	A small, hooded, poisonous serpent of Egypt and adjacent countries, whose bite is often fatal. It is the Naja haje. The name is also applied to other poisonous serpents, esp. to Vipera aspis of southern Europe. See Haje.
Aspalathus	A thorny shrub yielding a fragrant oil.
Aspalathus	A genus of plants of the natural order Leguminosae. The species are chiefly natives of the Cape of Good Hope.
Asparagine	A white, nitrogenous, crystallizable substance, C4H8N2O3+H2O, found in many plants, and first obtained from asparagus.  It is believed to aid in the disposition of nitrogenous matter throughout the plant; -- called also altheine.
Asparaginous	Pertaining or allied to, or resembling, asparagus; having shoots which are eaten like asparagus; as, asparaginous vegetables.
Asparagus	A genus of perennial plants belonging to the natural order Liliaceae, and having erect much branched stems, and very slender branchlets which are sometimes mistaken for leaves. Asparagus racemosus is a shrubby climbing plant with fragrant flowers. Specifically: The Asparagus officinalis, a species cultivated in gardens.
Asparagus	The young and tender shoots of A. officinalis, which form a valuable and well-known article of food.
Aspartic	Pertaining to, or derived, asparagine; as, aspartic acid.
Aspect	The act of looking; vision; gaze; glance.
Aspect	Look, or particular appearance of the face; countenance; mien; air.
Aspect	Appearance to the eye or the mind; look; view.
Aspect	Position or situation with regard to seeing; that position which enables one to look in a particular direction; position in relation to the points of the compass; as, a house has a southern aspect, that is, a position which faces the south.
Aspect	Prospect; outlook.
Aspect	The situation of planets or stars with respect to one another, or the angle formed by the rays of light proceeding from them and meeting at the eye; the joint look of planets or stars upon each other or upon the earth.
Aspect	The influence of the stars for good or evil; as, an ill aspect.
Aspect	To behold; to look at.
Aspectable	Capable of being; visible.
Aspectant	Facing each other.
Aspected	Having an aspect.
Aspection	The act of viewing; a look.
Aspen	Alt. of Asp
Asp	One of several species of poplar bearing this name, especially the Populus tremula, so called from the trembling of its leaves, which move with the slightest impulse of the air.
Aspen	Of or pertaining to the aspen, or resembling it; made of aspen wood.
Asper	Rough; rugged; harsh; bitter; stern; fierce.
Asper	The rough breathing; a mark (/) placed over an initial vowel sound or over / to show that it is aspirated, that is, pronounced with h before it; thus "ws, pronounced h/s, "rh`twr, pronounced hra"t/r.
Asper	A Turkish money of account (formerly a coin), of little value; the 120th part of a piaster.
Asperated	of Asperate
Asperating	of Asperate
Asperate	To make rough or uneven.
Asperation	The act of asperating; a making or becoming rough.
Asperges	The service or ceremony of sprinkling with holy water.
Asperges	The brush or instrument used in sprinkling holy water; an aspergill.
Aspergill	Alt. of Aspergillum
Aspergillum	The brush used in the Roman Catholic church for sprinkling holy water on the people.
Aspergillum	See Wateringpot shell.
Aspergilliform	Resembling the aspergillum in form; as, an aspergilliform stigma.
Asperifoliate	Alt. of Asperifolious
Asperifolious	Having rough leaves.
Asperities	of Asperity
Asperity	Roughness of surface; unevenness; -- opposed to smoothness.
Asperity	Roughness or harshness of sound; that quality which grates upon the ear; raucity.
Asperity	Roughness to the taste; sourness; tartness.
Asperity	Moral roughness; roughness of manner; severity; crabbedness; harshness; -- opposed to mildness.
Asperity	Sharpness; disagreeableness; difficulty.
Aspermatous	Aspermous.
Aspermous	Destitute of seeds; aspermatous.
Asperne	To spurn; to despise.
Asperous	Rough; uneven.
Aspersed	of Asperse
Aspersing	of Asperse
Asperse	To sprinkle, as water or dust, upon anybody or anything, or to besprinkle any one with a liquid or with dust.
Asperse	To bespatter with foul reports or false and injurious charges; to tarnish in point of reputation or good name; to slander or calumniate; as, to asperse a poet or his writings; to asperse a man's character.
Aspersed	Having an indefinite number of small charges scattered or strewed over the surface.
Aspersed	Bespattered; slandered; calumniated.
Asperser	One who asperses; especially, one who vilifies another.
Aspersion	A sprinkling, as with water or dust, in a literal sense.
Aspersion	The spreading of calumniations reports or charges which tarnish reputation, like the bespattering of a body with foul water; calumny.
Aspersive	Tending to asperse; defamatory; slanderous.
Aspersoir	An aspergill.
Aspersoria	of Aspersorium
Aspersorium	The stoup, basin, or other vessel for holy water in Roman Catholic churches.
Aspersorium	A brush for sprinkling holy water; an aspergill.
Asphalt	Alt. of Asphaltum
Asphaltum	Mineral pitch, Jews' pitch, or compact native bitumen. It is brittle, of a black or brown color and high luster on a surface of fracture; it melts and burns when heated, leaving no residue. It occurs on the surface and shores of the Dead Sea, which is therefore called Asphaltites, or the Asphaltic Lake. It is found also in many parts of Asia, Europe, and America. See Bitumen.
Asphaltum	A composition of bitumen, pitch, lime, and gravel, used for forming pavements, and as a water-proof cement for bridges, roofs, etc.; asphaltic cement. Artificial asphalt is prepared from coal tar, lime, sand, etc.
Asphalt	To cover with asphalt; as, to asphalt a roof; asphalted streets.
Asphalte	Asphaltic mastic or cement. See Asphalt, 2.
Asphaltic	Pertaining to, of the nature of, or containing, asphalt; bituminous.
Asphaltite	Asphaltic.
Asphaltite	Asphaltic.
Asphaltus	See Asphalt.
Asphodel	A general name for a plant of the genus Asphodelus. The asphodels are hardy perennial plants, several species of which are cultivated for the beauty of their flowers.
Asphyctic	Pertaining to asphyxia.
Asphyxia	Alt. of Asphyxy
Asphyxy	Apparent death, or suspended animation; the condition which results from interruption of respiration, as in suffocation or drowning, or the inhalation of irrespirable gases.
Asphyxial	Of or relating to asphyxia; as, asphyxial phenomena.
Asphyxiate	To bring to a state of asphyxia; to suffocate. [Used commonly in the past pple.]
Asphyxiated	Alt. of Asphyxied
Asphyxied	In a state of asphyxia; suffocated.
Asphyxiation	The act of causing asphyxia; a state of asphyxia.
Aspic	The venomous asp.
Aspic	A piece of ordnance carrying a 12 pound shot.
Aspic	A European species of lavender (Lavandula spica), which produces a volatile oil. See Spike.
Aspic	A savory meat jelly containing portions of fowl, game, fish, hard boiled eggs, etc.
Aspidobranchia	A group of Gastropoda, with limpetlike shells, including the abalone shells and keyhole limpets.
Aspirant	Aspiring.
Aspirant	One who aspires; one who eagerly seeks some high position or object of attainment.
Aspirated	of Aspirate
Aspirating	of Aspirate
Aspirate	To pronounce with a breathing, an aspirate, or an h sound; as, we aspirate the words horse and house; to aspirate a vowel or a liquid consonant.
Aspirate	A sound consisting of, or characterized by, a breath like the sound of h; the breathing h or a character representing such a sound; an aspirated sound.
Aspirate	A mark of aspiration (/) used in Greek; the asper, or rough breathing.
Aspirate	An elementary sound produced by the breath alone; a surd, or nonvocal consonant; as, f, th in thin, etc.
Aspirate	Alt. of Aspirated
Aspirated	Pronounced with the h sound or with audible breath.
Aspiration	The act of aspirating; the pronunciation of a letter with a full or strong emission of breath; an aspirated sound.
Aspiration	The act of breathing; a breath; an inspiration.
Aspiration	The act of aspiring of a ardently desiring; strong wish; high desire.
Aspirator	An apparatus for passing air or gases through or over certain liquids or solids, or for exhausting a closed vessel, by means of suction.
Aspirator	An instrument for the evacuation of the fluid contents of tumors or collections of blood.
Aspiratory	Of or pertaining to breathing; suited to the inhaling of air
Aspired	of Aspire
Aspiring	of Aspire
Aspire	To desire with eagerness; to seek to attain something high or great; to pant; to long; -- followed by to or after, and rarely by at; as, to aspire to a crown; to aspire after immorality.
Aspire	To rise; to ascend; to tower; to soar.
Aspire	To aspire to; to long for; to try to reach; to mount to.
Aspire	Aspiration.
Aspirement	Aspiration.
Aspirer	One who aspires.
Aspiring	That aspires; as, an Aspiring mind.
Aspish	Pertaining to, or like, an asp.
Asportation	The felonious removal of goods from the place where they were deposited.
Asprawl	Sprawling.
Asquat	Squatting.
Asquint	With the eye directed to one side; not in the straight line of vision; obliquely; awry, so as to see distortedly; as, to look asquint.
Ass	A quadruped of the genus Equus (E. asinus), smaller than the horse, and having a peculiarly harsh bray and long ears. The tame or domestic ass is patient, slow, and sure-footed, and has become the type of obstinacy and stupidity. There are several species of wild asses which are swift-footed.
Ass	A dull, heavy, stupid fellow; a dolt.
Assaf/tida	Same as Asafetida.
Assagai	Alt. of Assegai
Assegai	A spear used by tribes in South Africa as a missile and for stabbing, a kind of light javelin.
Assai	A direction equivalent to very; as, adagio assai, very slow.
Assailed	of Assail
Assailing	of Assail
Assail	To attack with violence, or in a vehement and hostile manner; to assault; to molest; as, to assail a man with blows; to assail a city with artillery.
Assail	To encounter or meet purposely with the view of mastering, as an obstacle, difficulty, or the like.
Assail	To attack morally, or with a view to produce changes in the feelings, character, conduct, existing usages, institutions; to attack by words, hostile influence, etc.; as, to assail one with appeals, arguments, abuse, ridicule, and the like.
Assailable	Capable of being assailed.
Assailant	Assailing; attacking.
Assailant	One who, or that which, assails, attacks, or assaults; an assailer.
Assailer	One who assails.
Assailment	The act or power of assailing; attack; assault.
Assamar	The peculiar bitter substance, soft or liquid, and of a yellow color, produced when meat, bread, gum, sugar, starch, and the like, are roasted till they turn brown.
Assamese	Of or pertaining to Assam, a province of British India, or to its inhabitants.
Assamese	A native or natives of Assam.
Assapan	Alt. of Assapanic
Assapanic	The American flying squirrel (Pteromys volucella).
Assart	The act or offense of grubbing up trees and bushes, and thus destroying the thickets or coverts of a forest.
Assart	A piece of land cleared of trees and bushes, and fitted for cultivation; a clearing.
Assart	To grub up, as trees; to commit an assart upon; as, to assart land or trees.
Assassin	One who kills, or attempts to kill, by surprise or secret assault; one who treacherously murders any one unprepared for defense.
Assassin	To assassinate.
Assassinated	of Assassinate
Assassinating	of Assassinate
Assassinate	To kill by surprise or secret assault; to murder by treacherous violence.
Assassinate	To assail with murderous intent; hence, by extended meaning, to maltreat exceedingly.
Assassinate	An assassination, murder, or murderous assault.
Assassinate	An assassin.
Assassination	The act of assassinating; a killing by treacherous violence.
Assassinator	An assassin.
Assassinous	Murderous.
Assastion	Roasting.
Assault	A violent onset or attack with physical means, as blows, weapons, etc.; an onslaught; the rush or charge of an attacking force; onset; as, to make assault upon a man, a house, or a town.
Assault	A violent onset or attack with moral weapons, as words, arguments, appeals, and the like; as, to make an assault on the prerogatives of a prince, or on the constitution of a government.
Assault	An apparently violent attempt, or willful offer with force or violence, to do hurt to another; an attempt or offer to beat another, accompanied by a degree of violence, but without touching his person, as by lifting the fist, or a cane, in a threatening manner, or by striking at him, and missing him. If the blow aimed takes effect, it is a battery.
Assaulted	of Assault
Assaulting	of Assault
Assault	To make an assault upon, as by a sudden rush of armed men; to attack with unlawful or insulting physical violence or menaces.
Assault	To attack with moral means, or with a view of producing moral effects; to attack by words, arguments, or unfriendly measures; to assail; as, to assault a reputation or an administration.
Assaultable	Capable of being assaulted.
Assaulter	One who assaults, or violently attacks; an assailant.
Assay	Trial; attempt; essay.
Assay	Examination and determination; test; as, an assay of bread or wine.
Assay	Trial by danger or by affliction; adventure; risk; hardship; state of being tried.
Assay	Tested purity or value.
Assay	The act or process of ascertaining the proportion of a particular metal in an ore or alloy; especially, the determination of the proportion of gold or silver in bullion or coin.
Assay	The alloy or metal to be assayed.
Assayed	of Assay
Assaying	of Assay
Assay	To try; to attempt; to apply.
Assay	To affect.
Assay	To try tasting, as food or drink.
Assay	To subject, as an ore, alloy, or other metallic compound, to chemical or metallurgical examination, in order to determine the amount of a particular metal contained in it, or to ascertain its composition.
Assay	To attempt, try, or endeavor.
Assayable	That may be assayed.
Assayer	One who assays. Specifically: One who examines metallic ores or compounds, for the purpose of determining the amount of any particular metal in the same, especially of gold or silver.
Assaying	The act or process of testing, esp. of analyzing or examining metals and ores, to determine the proportion of pure metal.
Asse	A small foxlike animal (Vulpes cama) of South Africa, valued for its fur.
Assecuration	Assurance; certainty.
Assecure	To make sure or safe; to assure.
Assecution	An obtaining or acquiring.
Assegai	Same as Assagai.
Assemblage	The act of assembling, or the state of being assembled; association.
Assemblage	A collection of individuals, or of individuals, or of particular things; as, a political assemblage; an assemblage of ideas.
Assemblance	Resemblance; likeness; appearance.
Assemblance	An assembling; assemblage.
Assembled	of Assemble
Assembling	of Assemble
Assemble	To collect into one place or body; to bring or call together; to convene; to congregate.
Assemble	To meet or come together, as a number of individuals; to convene; to congregate.
Assemble	To liken; to compare.
Assembler	One who assembles a number of individuals; also, one of a number assembled.
Assemblies	of Assembly
Assembly	A company of persons collected together in one place, and usually for some common purpose, esp. for deliberation and legislation, for worship, or for social entertainment.
Assembly	A collection of inanimate objects.
Assembly	A beat of the drum or sound of the bugle as a signal to troops to assemble.
Assemblymen	of Assemblyman
Assemblyman	A member of an assembly, especially of the lower branch of a state legislature.
Assented	of Assent
Assenting	of Assent
Assent	To admit a thing as true; to express one's agreement, acquiescence, concurrence, or concession.
Assent	The act of assenting; the act of the mind in admitting or agreeing to anything; concurrence with approval; consent; agreement; acquiescence.
Assentation	Insincere, flattering, or obsequious assent; hypocritical or pretended concurrence.
Assentator	An obsequious; a flatterer.
Assentatory	Flattering; obsequious.
Assenter	One who assents.
Assentient	Assenting.
Assenting	Giving or implying assent.
Assentive	Giving assent; of the nature of assent; complying.
Assentment	Assent; agreement.
Asserted	of Assert
Asserting	of Assert
Assert	To affirm; to declare with assurance, or plainly and strongly; to state positively; to aver; to asseverate.
Assert	To maintain; to defend.
Assert	To maintain or defend, as a cause or a claim, by words or measures; to vindicate a claim or title to; as, to assert our rights and liberties.
Asserter	One who asserts; one who avers pr maintains; an assertor.
Assertion	The act of asserting, or that which is asserted; positive declaration or averment; affirmation; statement asserted; position advanced.
Assertion	Maintenance; vindication; as, the assertion of one's rights or prerogatives.
Assertive	Positive; affirming confidently; affirmative; peremptory.
Assertor	One who asserts or avers; one who maintains or vindicates a claim or a right; an affirmer, supporter, or vindicator; a defender; an asserter.
Assertorial	Asserting that a thing is; -- opposed to problematical and apodeictical.
Assertory	Affirming; maintaining.
Assessed	of Assess
Assessing	of Assess
Assess	To value; to make a valuation or official estimate of for the purpose of taxation.
Assess	To apportion a sum to be paid by (a person, a community, or an estate), in the nature of a tax, fine, etc.; to impose a tax upon (a person, an estate, or an income) according to a rate or apportionment.
Assess	To determine and impose a tax or fine upon (a person, community, estate, or income); to tax; as, the club assessed each member twenty-five cents.
Assess	To fix or determine the rate or amount of.
Assessable	Liable to be assessed or taxed; as, assessable property.
Assessee	One who is assessed.
Assession	A sitting beside or near.
Assessment	The act of assessing; the act of determining an amount to be paid; as, an assessment of damages, or of taxes; an assessment of the members of a club.
Assessment	A valuation of property or profits of business, for the purpose of taxation; such valuation and an adjudging of the proper sum to be levied on the property; as, an assessment of property or an assessment on property.
Assessment	The specific sum levied or assessed.
Assessment	An apportionment of a subscription for stock into successive installments; also, one of these installments (in England termed a "call").
Assessor	One appointed or elected to assist a judge or magistrate with his special knowledge of the subject to be decided; as legal assessors, nautical assessors.
Assessor	One who sits by another, as next in dignity, or as an assistant and adviser; an associate in office.
Assessor	One appointed to assess persons or property for the purpose of taxation.
Assessorial	Of or pertaining to an assessor, or to a court of assessors.
Assessorship	The office or function of an assessor.
Asset	Any article or separable part of one's assets.
Assets	Property of a deceased person, subject by law to the payment of his debts and legacies; -- called assets because sufficient to render the executor or administrator liable to the creditors and legatees, so far as such goods or estate may extend.
Assets	Effects of an insolvent debtor or bankrupt, applicable to the payment of debts.
Assets	The entire property of all sorts, belonging to a person, a corporation, or an estate; as, the assets of a merchant or a trading association; -- opposed to liabilities.
Assever	See Asseverate.
Asseverated	of Asseverate
Asseverating	of Asseverate
Asseverate	To affirm or aver positively, or with solemnity.
Asseveration	The act of asseverating, or that which is asseverated; positive affirmation or assertion; solemn declaration.
Asseverative	Characterized by asseveration; asserting positively.
Asseveratory	Asseverative.
Assibilate	To make sibilant; to change to a sibilant.
Assibilation	Change of a non-sibilant letter to a sibilant, as of -tion to -shun, duke to ditch.
Assidean	One of a body of devoted Jews who opposed the Hellenistic Jews, and supported the Asmoneans.
Assident	Usually attending a disease, but not always; as, assident signs, or symptoms.
Assiduate	Unremitting; assiduous.
Assiduities	of Assiduity
Assiduity	Constant or close application or attention, particularly to some business or enterprise; diligence.
Assiduity	Studied and persevering attention to a person; -- usually in the plural.
Assiduous	Constant in application or attention; devoted; attentive; unremitting.
Assiduous	Performed with constant diligence or attention; unremitting; persistent; as, assiduous labor.
Assiege	To besiege.
Assiege	A siege.
Assientist	A shareholder of the Assiento company; one of the parties to the Assiento contract.
Assiento	A contract or convention between Spain and other powers for furnishing negro slaves for the Spanish dominions in America, esp. the contract made with Great Britain in 1713.
Assigned	of Assign
Assigning	of Assign
Assign	To appoint; to allot; to apportion; to make over.
Assign	To fix, specify, select, or designate; to point out authoritatively or exactly; as, to assign a limit; to assign counsel for a prisoner; to assign a day for trial.
Assign	To transfer, or make over to another, esp. to transfer to, and vest in, certain persons, called assignees, for the benefit of creditors.
Assign	A thing pertaining or belonging to something else; an appurtenance.
Assign	A person to whom property or an interest is transferred; as, a deed to a man and his heirs and assigns.
Assignability	The quality of being assignable.
Assignable	Capable of being assigned, allotted, specified, or designated; as, an assignable note or bill; an assignable reason; an assignable quantity.
Assignat	One of the notes, bills, or bonds, issued as currency by the revolutionary government of France (1790-1796), and based on the security of the lands of the church and of nobles which had been appropriated by the state.
Assignation	The act of assigning or allotting; apportionment.
Assignation	An appointment of time and place for meeting or interview; -- used chiefly of love interviews, and now commonly in a bad sense.
Assignation	A making over by transfer of title; assignment.
Assignee	A person to whom an assignment is made; a person appointed or deputed by another to do some act, perform some business, or enjoy some right, privilege, or property; as, an assignee of a bankrupt. See Assignment (c).   An assignee may be by special appointment or deed, or be created by jaw; as an executor.
Assignee	In England, the persons appointed, under a commission of bankruptcy, to manage the estate of a bankrupt for the benefit of his creditors.
Assigner	One who assigns, appoints, allots, or apportions.
Assignment	An allotting or an appointment to a particular person or use; or for a particular time, as of a cause or causes in court.
Assignment	A transfer of title or interest by writing, as of lease, bond, note, or bill of exchange; a transfer of the whole of some particular estate or interest in lands.
Assignment	The writing by which an interest is transferred.
Assignment	The transfer of the property of a bankrupt to certain persons called assignees, in whom it is vested for the benefit of creditors.
Assignor	An assigner; a person who assigns or transfers an interest; as, the assignor of a debt or other chose in action.
Assimilability	The quality of being assimilable.
Assimilable	That may be assimilated; that may be likened, or appropriated and incorporated.
Assimilated	of Assimilate
Assimilating	of Assimilate
Assimilate	To bring to a likeness or to conformity; to cause a resemblance between.
Assimilate	To liken; to compa/e.
Assimilate	To appropriate and transform or incorporate into the substance of the assimilating body; to absorb or appropriate, as nourishment; as, food is assimilated and converted into organic tissue.
Assimilate	To become similar or like something else.
Assimilate	To change and appropriate nourishment so as to make it a part of the substance of the assimilating body.
Assimilate	To be converted into the substance of the assimilating body; to become incorporated; as, some kinds of food assimilate more readily than others.
Assimilation	The act or process of assimilating or bringing to a resemblance, likeness, or identity; also, the state of being so assimilated; as, the assimilation of one sound to another.
Assimilation	The conversion of nutriment into the fluid or solid substance of the body, by the processes of digestion and absorption, whether in plants or animals.
Assimilative	Tending to, or characterized by, assimilation; that assimilates or causes assimilation; as, an assimilative process or substance.
Assimilatory	Tending to assimilate, or produce assimilation; as, assimilatory organs.
Assimulate	To feign; to counterfeit; to simulate; to resemble.
Assimulate	To assimilate.
Assimulation	Assimilation.
Assinego	See Asinego.
Assish	Resembling an ass; asinine; stupid or obstinate.
Assisted	of Assist
Assisting	of Assist
Assist	To give support to in some undertaking or effort, or in time of distress; to help; to aid; to succor.
Assist	To lend aid; to help.
Assist	To be present as a spectator; as, to assist at a public meeting.
Assistance	The act of assisting; help; aid; furtherance; succor; support.
Assistance	An assistant or helper; a body of helpers.
Assistance	Persons present.
Assistant	Helping; lending aid or support; auxiliary.
Assistant	Of the second grade in the staff of the army; as, an assistant surgeon.
Assistant	One who, or that which, assists; a helper; an auxiliary; a means of help.
Assistant	An attendant; one who is present.
Assistantly	In a manner to give aid.
Assister	An assistant; a helper.
Assistful	Helpful.
Assistive	Lending aid, helping.
Assistless	Without aid or help.
Assistor	A assister.
Assithment	See Assythment.
Assize	An assembly of knights and other substantial men, with a bailiff or justice, in a certain place and at a certain time, for public business.
Assize	A special kind of jury or inquest.
Assize	A kind of writ or real action.
Assize	A verdict or finding of a jury upon such writ.
Assize	A statute or ordinance in general. Specifically: (1) A statute regulating the weight, measure, and proportions of ingredients and the price of articles sold in the market; as, the assize of bread and other provisions; (2) A statute fixing the standard of weights and measures.
Assize	Anything fixed or reduced to a certainty in point of time, number, quantity, quality, weight, measure, etc.; as, rent of assize.
Assize	A court, the sitting or session of a court, for the trial of processes, whether civil or criminal, by a judge and jury.
Assize	The periodical sessions of the judges of the superior courts in every county of England for the purpose of administering justice in the trial and determination of civil and criminal cases; -- usually in the plural.
Assize	The time or place of holding the court of assize; -- generally in the plural, assizes.
Assize	Measure; dimension; size.
Assized	of Assize
Assizing	of Assize
Assize	To assess; to value; to rate.
Assize	To fix the weight, measure, or price of, by an ordinance or regulation of authority.
Assizer	An officer who has the care or inspection of weights and measures, etc.
Assizor	A juror.
Assober	To make or keep sober.
Associability	The quality of being associable, or capable of association; associableness.
Associable	Capable of being associated or joined.
Associable	Sociable; companionable.
Associable	Liable to be affected by sympathy with other parts; -- said of organs, nerves, muscles, etc.
Associableness	Associability.
Associated	of Associate
Associating	of Associate
Associate	To join with one, as a friend, companion, partner, or confederate; as, to associate others with us in business, or in an enterprise.
Associate	To join or connect; to combine in acting; as, particles of gold associated with other substances.
Associate	To connect or place together in thought.
Associate	To accompany; to keep company with.
Associate	To unite in company; to keep company, implying intimacy; as, congenial minds are disposed to associate.
Associate	To unite in action, or to be affected by the action of a different part of the body.
Associate	Closely connected or joined with some other, as in interest, purpose, employment, or office; sharing responsibility or authority; as, an associate judge.
Associate	Admitted to some, but not to all, rights and privileges; as, an associate member.
Associate	Connected by habit or sympathy; as, associate motions, such as occur sympathetically, in consequence of preceding motions.
Associate	A companion; one frequently in company with another, implying intimacy or equality; a mate; a fellow.
Associate	A partner in interest, as in business; or a confederate in a league.
Associate	One connected with an association or institution without the full rights or privileges of a regular member; as, an associate of the Royal Academy.
Associate	Anything closely or usually connected with another; an concomitant.
Associated	Joined as a companion; brought into association; accompanying; combined.
Associateship	The state of an associate, as in Academy or an office.
Association	The act of associating, or state of being associated; union; connection, whether of persons of things.
Association	Mental connection, or that which is mentally linked or associated with a thing.
Association	Union of persons in a company or society for some particular purpose; as, the American Association for the Advancement of Science; a benevolent association.  Specifically, as among the Congregationalists, a society, consisting of a number of ministers, generally the pastors of neighboring churches, united for promoting the interests of religion and the harmony of the churches.
Associational	Of or pertaining to association, or to an association.
Associational	Pertaining to the theory held by the associationists.
Associationism	The doctrine or theory held by associationists.
Associationist	One who explains the higher functions and relations of the soul by the association of ideas; e. g., Hartley, J. C. Mill.
Associative	Having the quality of associating; tending or leading to association; as, the associative faculty.
Associator	An associate; a confederate or partner in any scheme.
Assoil	To set free; to release.
Assoil	To solve; to clear up.
Assoil	To set free from guilt; to absolve.
Assoil	To expiate; to atone for.
Assoil	To remove; to put off.
Assoil	To soil; to stain.
Assoilment	Act of assoiling, or state of being assoiled; absolution; acquittal.
Assoilment	A soiling; defilement.
Assoilzie	Alt. of Assoilyie
Assoilyie	To absolve; to acquit by sentence of court.
Assonance	Resemblance of sound.
Assonance	A peculiar species of rhyme, in which the last acce`ted vow`l and tnose whioh follow it in one word correspond in sound with the vowels of another word, while the consonants of the two words are unlike in sound; as, calamo and platano, baby and chary.
Assonance	Incomplete correspondence.
Assonant	Having a resemblance of sounds.
Assonant	Pertaining to the peculiar species of rhyme called assonance; not consonant.
Assonantal	Assonant.
Assonate	To correspond in sound.
Assorted	of Assort
Assorting	of Assort
Assort	To separate and distribute into classes, as things of a like kind, nature, or quality, or which are suited to a like purpose; to classify; as, to assort goods. [Rarely applied to persons.]
Assort	To furnish with, or make up of, various sorts or a variety of goods; as, to assort a cargo.
Assort	To agree; to be in accordance; to be adapted; to suit; to fall into a class or place.
Assorted	Selected; culled.
Assortment	Act of assorting, or distributing into sorts, kinds, or classes.
Assortment	A collection or quantity of things distributed into kinds or sorts; a number of things assorted.
Assortment	A collection containing a variety of sorts or kinds adapted to various wants, demands, or purposes; as, an assortment of goods.
Assot	To besot; to befool; to beguile; to infatuate.
Assot	Dazed; foolish; infatuated.
Assuaged	of Assuage
Assuaging	of Assuage
Assuage	To soften, in a figurative sense; to allay, mitigate, ease, or lessen, as heat, pain, or grief; to appease or pacify, as passion or tumult; to satisfy, as appetite or desire.
Assuage	To abate or subside.
Assuagement	Mitigation; abatement.
Assuager	One who, or that which, assuages.
Assuasive	Mitigating; tranquilizing; soothing.
Assubjugate	To bring into subjection.
Assuefaction	The act of accustoming, or the state of being accustomed; habituation.
Assuetude	Accustomedness; habit; habitual use.
Assumable	That may be assumed.
Assumably	By way of assumption.
Assumed	of Assume
Assuming	of Assume
Assume	To take to or upon one's self; to take formally and demonstratively; sometimes, to appropriate or take unjustly.
Assume	To take for granted, or without proof; to suppose as a fact; to suppose or take arbitrarily or tentatively.
Assume	To pretend to possess; to take in appearance.
Assume	To receive or adopt.
Assume	To be arrogant or pretentious; to claim more than is due.
Assume	To undertake, as by a promise.
Assumed	Supposed.
Assumed	Pretended; hypocritical; make-believe; as, an assumed character.
Assumedly	By assumption.
Assument	A patch; an addition; a piece put on.
Assumer	One who assumes, arrogates, pretends, or supposes.
Assuming	Pretentious; taking much upon one's self; presumptuous.
Assumpsit	A promise or undertaking, founded on a consideration. This promise may be oral or in writing not under seal. It may be express or implied.
Assumpsit	An action to recover damages for a breach or nonperformance of a contract or promise, express or implied, oral or in writing not under seal. Common or indebitatus assumpsit is brought for the most part on an implied promise. Special assumpsit is founded on an express promise or undertaking.
Assumpt	To take up; to elevate; to assume.
Assumpt	That which is assumed; an assumption.
Assumption	The act of assuming, or taking to or upon one's self; the act of taking up or adopting.
Assumption	The act of taking for granted, or supposing a thing without proof; supposition; unwarrantable claim.
Assumption	The thing supposed; a postulate, or proposition assumed; a supposition.
Assumption	The minor or second proposition in a categorical syllogism.
Assumption	The taking of a person up into heaven.
Assumption	A festival in honor of the ascent of the Virgin Mary into heaven.
Assumptive	Assumed, or capable of being assumed; characterized by assumption; making unwarranted claims.
Assurance	The act of assuring; a declaration tending to inspire full confidence; that which is designed to give confidence.
Assurance	The state of being assured; firm persuasion; full confidence or trust; freedom from doubt; certainty.
Assurance	Firmness of mind; undoubting, steadiness; intrepidity; courage; confidence; self-reliance.
Assurance	Excess of boldness; impudence; audacity; as, his assurance is intolerable.
Assurance	Betrothal; affiance.
Assurance	Insurance; a contract for the payment of a sum on occasion of a certain event, as loss or death.
Assurance	Any written or other legal evidence of the conveyance of property; a conveyance; a deed.
Assured	of Assure
Assuring	of Assure
Assure	To make sure or certain; to render confident by a promise, declaration, or other evidence.
Assure	To declare to, solemnly; to assert to (any one) with the design of inspiring belief or confidence.
Assure	To confirm; to make certain or secure.
Assure	To affiance; to betroth.
Assure	To insure; to covenant to indemnify for loss, or to pay a specified sum at death. See Insure.
Assured	Made sure; safe; insured; certain; indubitable; not doubting; bold to excess.
Assured	One whose life or property is insured.
Assuredly	Certainly; indubitably.
Assuredness	The state of being assured; certainty; full confidence.
Assurer	One who assures. Specifically: One who insures against loss; an insurer or underwriter.
Assurer	One who takes out a life assurance policy.
Assurgency	Act of rising.
Assurgent	Ascending
Assurgent	rising obliquely; curving upward.
Assuring	That assures; tending to assure; giving confidence.
Asswage	See Assuage.
Assyrian	Of or pertaining to Assyria, or to its inhabitants.
Assyrian	A native or an inhabitant of Assyria; the language of Assyria.
Assyriological	Of or pertaining to Assyriology; as, Assyriological studies.
Assyriologist	One versed in Assyriology; a student of Assyrian archaeology.
Assyriology	The science or study of the antiquities, language, etc., of ancient Assyria.
Assythment	Indemnification for injury; satisfaction.
Astacus	A genus of crustaceans, containing the crawfish of fresh-water lobster of Europe, and allied species of western North America. See Crawfish.
Astarboard	Over to the starboard side; -- said of the tiller.
Astart	Same as Astert.
Astarte	A genus of bivalve mollusks, common on the coasts of America and Europe.
Astate	Estate; state.
Astatic	Having little or no tendency to take a fixed or definite position or direction: thus, a suspended magnetic needle, when rendered astatic, loses its polarity, or tendency to point in a given direction.
Astatically	In an astatic manner.
Astaticism	The state of being astatic.
Astay	An anchor is said to be astay, when, in heaving it, an acute angle is formed between the cable and the surface of the water.
Asteism	Genteel irony; a polite and ingenious manner of deriding another.
Astel	An arch, or ceiling, of boards, placed over the men's heads in a mine.
Aster	A genus of herbs with compound white or bluish flowers; starwort; Michaelmas daisy.
Aster	A plant of the genus Callistephus. Many varieties (called China asters, German asters, etc.) are cultivated for their handsome compound flowers.
Asterias	A genus of echinoderms.
Asteriated	Radiated, with diverging rays; as, asteriated sapphire.
Asteridian	Of or pertaining to the Asterioidea.
Asteridian	A starfish; one of the Asterioidea.
Asterioidea	Alt. of Asteridea
Asteridea	A class of Echinodermata including the true starfishes. The rays vary in number and always have ambulacral grooves below. The body is star-shaped or pentagonal.
Asterion	The point on the side of the skull where the lambdoid, parieto-mastoid and occipito-mastoid sutures.
Asteriscus	The smaller of the two otoliths found in the inner ear of many fishes.
Asterisk	The figure of a star, thus, /, used in printing and writing as a reference to a passage or note in the margin, to supply the omission of letters or words, or to mark a word or phrase as having a special character.
Asterism	A constellation.
Asterism	A small cluster of stars.
Asterism	An asterisk, or mark of reference.
Asterism	Three asterisks placed in this manner, /, to direct attention to a particular passage.
Asterism	An optical property of some crystals which exhibit a star-shaped by reflected light, as star sapphire, or by transmitted light, as some mica.
Astern	In or at the hinder part of a ship; toward the hinder part, or stern; backward; as, to go astern.
Astern	Behind a ship; in the rear.
Asternal	Not sternal; -- said of ribs which do not join the sternum.
Asteroid	A starlike body; esp. one of the numerous small planets whose orbits lie between those of Mars and Jupiter; -- called also planetoids and minor planets.
Asteroidal	Of or pertaining to an asteroid, or to the asteroids.
Asterolepis	A genus of fishes, some of which were eighteen or twenty feet long, found in a fossil state in the Old Red Sandstone.
Asterophyllite	A fossil plant from the coal formations of Europe and America, now regarded as the branchlets and foliage of calamites.
Astert	To start up; to befall; to escape; to shun.
Astert	To escape.
Asthenia	Alt. of Astheny
Astheny	Want or loss of strength; debility; diminution of the vital forces.
Asthenic	Characterized by, or pertaining to, debility; weak; debilitating.
Asthenopia	Weakness of sight.
Asthma	A disease, characterized by difficulty of breathing (due to a spasmodic contraction of the bronchi), recurring at intervals, accompanied with a wheezing sound, a sense of constriction in the chest, a cough, and expectoration.
Asthmatic	Alt. of Asthmatical
Asthmatical	Of or pertaining to asthma; as, an asthmatic cough; liable to, or suffering from, asthma; as, an asthmatic patient.
Asthmatic	A person affected with asthma.
Astigmatic	Affected with, or pertaining to, astigmatism; as, astigmatic eyes; also, remedying astigmatism; as, astigmatic lenses.
Astigmatism	A defect of the eye or of a lens, in consequence of which the rays derived from one point are not brought to a single focal point, thus causing imperfect images or indistinctness of vision.
Astipulate	To assent.
Astipulation	Stipulation; agreement.
Astir	Stirring; in a state of activity or motion; out of bed.
Astomatous	Alt. of Astomous
Astomous	Not possessing a mouth.
Astoned	of Astone
Astond	of Astone
Astound	of Astone
Aston	Alt. of Astone
Astone	To stun; to astonish; to stupefy.
Astonied	Stunned; astonished. See Astony.
Astonished	of Astonish
Astonishing	of Astonish
Astonish	To stun; to render senseless, as by a blow.
Astonish	To strike with sudden fear, terror, or wonder; to amaze; to surprise greatly, as with something unaccountable; to confound with some sudden emotion or passion.
Astonishedly	In an astonished manner.
Astonishing	Very wonderful; of a nature to excite astonishment; as, an astonishing event.
Astonishment	The condition of one who is stunned. Hence: Numbness; loss of sensation; stupor; loss of sense.
Astonishment	Dismay; consternation.
Astonishment	The overpowering emotion excited when something unaccountable, wonderful, or dreadful is presented to the mind; an intense degree of surprise; amazement.
Astonishment	The object causing such an emotion.
Astonied	of Astony
Astonying	of Astony
Astony	To stun; to bewilder; to astonish; to dismay.
Astoop	In a stooping or inclined position.
Astound	Stunned; astounded; astonished.
Astounded	of Astound
Astound	of Astound
Astounding	of Astound
Astound	To stun; to stupefy.
Astound	To astonish; to strike with amazement; to confound with wonder, surprise, or fear.
Astounding	Of a nature to astound; astonishing; amazing; as, an astounding force, statement, or fact.
Astoundment	Amazement.
Astrachan	See Astrakhan.
Astraddle	In a straddling position; astride; bestriding; as, to sit astraddle a horse.
Astraean	Pertaining to the genus Astraea or the family Astraeidae.
Astraean	A coral of the family Astraeidae; a star coral.
Astragal	A convex molding of rounded surface, generally from half to three quarters of a circle.
Astragal	A round molding encircling a cannon near the mouth.
Astragalar	Of or pertaining to the astragalus.
Astragaloid	Resembling the astragalus in form.
Astragalomancy	Divination by means of small bones or dice.
Astragalus	The ankle bone, or hock bone; the bone of the tarsus which articulates with the tibia at the ankle.
Astragalus	A genus of papilionaceous plants, of the tribe Galegeae, containing numerous species, two of which are called, in English, milk vetch and licorice vetch. Gum tragacanth is obtained from different oriental species, particularly the A. gummifer and A. verus.
Astragalus	See Astragal, 1.
Astrakhan	Of or pertaining to Astrakhan in Russia or its products; made of an Astrakhan skin.
Astrakhan	The skin of stillborn or young lambs of that region, the curled wool of which resembles fur.
Astral	Pertaining to, coming from, or resembling, the stars; starry; starlike.
Astrand	Stranded.
Astray	Out of the right, either in a literal or in a figurative sense; wandering; as, to lead one astray.
Astricted	of Astrict
Astricting	of Astrict
Astrict	To bind up; to confine; to constrict; to contract.
Astrict	To bind; to constrain; to restrict; to limit.
Astrict	To restrict the tenure of; as, to astrict lands. See Astriction, 4.
Astrict	Concise; contracted.
Astriction	The act of binding; restriction; also, obligation.
Astriction	A contraction of parts by applications; the action of an astringent substance on the animal economy.
Astriction	Constipation.
Astriction	Astringency.
Astriction	An obligation to have the grain growing on certain lands ground at a certain mill, the owner paying a toll.
Astrictive	Binding; astringent.
Astrictive	An astringent.
Astrictory	Astrictive.
Astride	With one leg on each side, as a man when on horseback; with the legs stretched wide apart; astraddle.
Astriferous	Bearing stars.
Astringed	of Astringe
Astringing	of Astringe
Astringe	To bind fast; to constrict; to contract; to cause parts to draw together; to compress.
Astringe	To bind by moral or legal obligation.
Astringency	The quality of being astringent; the power of contracting the parts of the body; that quality in medicines or other substances which causes contraction of the organic textures; as, the astringency of tannin.
Astringent	Drawing together the tissues; binding; contracting; -- opposed to laxative; as, astringent medicines; a butter and astringent taste; astringent fruit.
Astringent	Stern; austere; as, an astringent type of virtue.
Astringent	A medicine or other substance that produces contraction in the soft organic textures, and checks discharges of blood, mucus, etc.
Astringently	In an astringent manner.
Astringer	A falconer who keeps a goshawk.
Astro-	The combining form of the Greek word 'a`stron, meaning star.
Astrofel	Alt. of Astrofell
Astrofell	A bitter herb, probably the same as aster, or starwort.
Astrogeny	The creation or evolution of the stars or the heavens.
Astrognosy	The science or knowledge of the stars, esp. the fixed stars.
Astrogony	Same as Astrogeny.
Astrography	The art of describing or delineating the stars; a description or mapping of the heavens.
Astroite	A radiated stone or fossil; star-stone.
Astrolabe	An instrument for observing or showing the positions of the stars. It is now disused.
Astrolabe	A stereographic projection of the sphere on the plane of a great circle, as the equator, or a meridian; a planisphere.
Astrolater	A worshiper of the stars.
Astrolatry	The worship of the stars.
Astrolithology	The science of aerolites.
Astrologer	One who studies the stars; an astronomer.
Astrologer	One who practices astrology; one who professes to foretell events by the aspects and situation of the stars.
Astrologian	An astrologer.
Astrologic	Alt. of Astrological
Astrological	Of or pertaining to astrology; professing or practicing astrology.
Astrologize	To apply astrology to; to study or practice astrology.
Astrology	In its etymological signification, the science of the stars; among the ancients, synonymous with astronomy; subsequently, the art of judging of the influences of the stars upon human affairs, and of foretelling events by their position and aspects.
Astromantic	Of or pertaining to divination by means of the stars; astrologic.
Astrometeorology	The investigation of the relation between the sun, moon, and stars, and the weather.
Astrometer	An instrument for comparing the relative amount of the light of stars.
Astrometry	The art of making measurements among the stars, or of determining their relative magnitudes.
Astronomer	An astrologer.
Astronomer	One who is versed in astronomy; one who has a knowledge of the laws of the heavenly orbs, or the principles by which their motions are regulated, with their various phenomena.
Astronomian	An astrologer.
Astronomic	Astronomical.
Astronomical	Of or pertaining to astronomy; in accordance with the methods or principles of astronomy.
Astronomize	To study or to talk astronomy.
Astronomy	Astrology.
Astronomy	The science which treats of the celestial bodies, of their magnitudes, motions, distances, periods of revolution, eclipses, constitution, physical condition, and of the causes of their various phenomena.
Astronomy	A treatise on, or text-book of, the science.
Astrophel	See Astrofel.
Astrophotography	The application of photography to the delineation of the sun, moon, and stars.
Astrophysical	Pertaining to the physics of astronomical science.
Astrophyton	A genus of ophiurans having the arms much branched.
Astroscope	An old astronomical instrument, formed of two cones, on whose surface the constellations were delineated.
Astroscopy	Observation of the stars.
Astrotheology	Theology founded on observation or knowledge of the celestial bodies.
Astructive	Building up; constructive; -- opposed to destructive.
Astrut	Sticking out, or puffed out; swelling; in a swelling manner.
Astrut	In a strutting manner; with a strutting gait.
Astucious	Subtle; cunning; astute.
Astucity	Craftiness; astuteness.
Astun	To stun.
Asturian	Of or pertaining to Asturias in Spain.
Asturian	A native of Asturias.
Astute	Critically discerning; sagacious; shrewd; subtle; crafty.
Astylar	Without columns or pilasters.
Astyllen	A small dam to prevent free passage of water in an adit or level.
Asunder	Apart; separate from each other; into parts; in two; separately; into or in different pieces or places.
Asura	An enemy of the gods, esp. one of a race of demons and giants.
Aswail	The sloth bear (Melursus labiatus) of India.
Asweve	To stupefy.
Aswing	In a state of swinging.
Aswoon	In a swoon.
Aswooned	In a swoon.
Asylums	of Asylum
Asyla	of Asylum
Asylum	A sanctuary or place of refuge and protection, where criminals and debtors found shelter, and from which they could not be forcibly taken without sacrilege.
Asylum	Any place of retreat and security.
Asylum	An institution for the protection or relief of some class of destitute, unfortunate, or afflicted persons; as, an asylum for the aged, for the blind, or for the insane; a lunatic asylum; an orphan asylum.
Asymmetral	Incommensurable; also, unsymmetrical.
Asymmetric	Alt. of Asymmetrical
Asymmetrical	Incommensurable.
Asymmetrical	Not symmetrical; wanting proportion; esp., not bilaterally symmetrical.
Asymmetrous	Asymmetrical.
Asymmetry	Want of symmetry, or proportion between the parts of a thing, esp. want of bilateral symmetry.
Asymmetry	Incommensurability.
Asymptote	A line which approaches nearer to some curve than assignable distance, but, though infinitely extended, would never meet it. Asymptotes may be straight lines or curves. A rectilinear asymptote may be conceived as a tangent to the curve at an infinite distance.
Asynartete	Disconnected; not fitted or adjusted.
Asyndetic	Characterized by the use of asyndeton; not connected by conjunctions.
Asyndeton	A figure which omits the connective; as, I came, I saw, I conquered. It stands opposed to polysyndeton.
Asystole	A weakening or cessation of the contractile power of the heart.
Asystolism	The state or symptoms characteristic of asystole.
At	Primarily, this word expresses the relations of presence, nearness in place or time, or direction toward; as, at the ninth hour; at the house; to aim at a mark. It is less definite than in or on; at the house may be in or near the house. From this original import are derived all the various uses of at.
At	A relation of proximity to, or of presence in or on, something; as, at the door; at your shop; at home; at school; at hand; at sea and on land.
At	The relation of some state or condition; as, at war; at peace; at ease; at your service; at fault; at liberty; at risk; at disadvantage.
At	The relation of some employment or action; occupied with; as, at engraving; at husbandry; at play; at work; at meat (eating); except at puns.
At	The relation of a point or position in a series, or of degree, rate, or value; as, with the thermometer at 80; goods sold at a cheap price; a country estimated at 10,000 square miles; life is short at the longest.
At	The relations of time, age, or order; as, at ten o'clock; at twenty-one; at once; at first.
At	The relations of source, occasion, reason, consequence, or effect; as, at the sight; at this news; merry at anything; at this declaration; at his command; to demand, require, receive, deserve, endure at your hands.
At	Relation of direction toward an object or end; as, look at it; to point at one; to aim at a mark; to throw, strike, shoot, wink, mock, laugh at any one.
Atabal	A kettledrum; a kind of tabor, used by the Moors.
Atacamite	An oxychloride of copper, usually in emerald-green prismatic crystals.
Atafter	After.
Ataghan	See Yataghan.
Atake	To overtake.
Ataman	A hetman, or chief of the Cossacks.
Ataraxia	Alt. of Ataraxy
Ataraxy	Perfect peace of mind, or calmness.
Ataunt	Alt. of Ataunto
Ataunto	Fully rigged, as a vessel; with all sails set; set on end or set right.
Atavic	Pertaining to a remote ancestor, or to atavism.
Atavism	The recurrence, or a tendency to a recurrence, of the original type of a species in the progeny of its varieties; resemblance to remote rather than to near ancestors; reversion to the original form.
Atavism	The recurrence of any peculiarity or disease of an ancestor in a subsequent generation, after an intermission for a generation or two.
Ataxia	Alt. of Ataxy
Ataxy	Disorder; irregularity.
Ataxy	Irregularity in disease, or in the functions.
Ataxy	The state of disorder that characterizes nervous fevers and the nervous condition.
Ataxic	Characterized by ataxy, that is, (a) by great irregularity of functions or symptoms, or (b) by a want of coordinating power in movements.
Atazir	The influence of a star upon other stars or upon men.
Ate	the preterit of Eat.
Ate	The goddess of mischievous folly; also, in later poets, the goddess of vengeance.
-ate	As an ending of participles or participial adjectives it is equivalent to -ed; as, situate or situated; animate or animated.
-ate	As the ending of a verb, it means to make, to cause, to act, etc.; as, to propitiate (to make propitious); to animate (to give life to).
-ate	As a noun suffix, it marks the agent; as, curate, delegate. It also sometimes marks the office or dignity; as, tribunate.
-ate	In chemistry it is used to denote the salts formed from those acids whose names end -ic (excepting binary or halogen acids); as, sulphate from sulphuric acid, nitrate from nitric acid, etc.  It is also used in the case of certain basic salts.
Atechnic	Without technical or artistic knowledge.
Ateles	A genus of American monkeys with prehensile tails, and having the thumb wanting or rudimentary. See Spider monkey, and Coaita.
Atelier	A workshop; a studio.
Atellan	Of or pertaining to Atella, in ancient Italy; as, Atellan plays; farcical; ribald.
Atellan	A farcical drama performed at Atella.
Athalamous	Not furnished with shields or beds for the spores, as the thallus of certain lichens.
Athamaunt	Adamant.
Athanasian	Of or pertaining to Athanasius, bishop of Alexandria in the 4th century.
Athanor	A digesting furnace, formerly used by alchemists. It was so constructed as to maintain uniform and durable heat.
Athecata	A division of Hydroidea in which the zooids are naked, or not inclosed in a capsule. See Tubularian.
Atheism	The disbelief or denial of the existence of a God, or supreme intelligent Being.
Atheism	Godlessness.
Atheist	One who disbelieves or denies the existence of a God, or supreme intelligent Being.
Atheist	A godless person.
Atheistic	Alt. of Atheistical
Atheistical	Pertaining to, implying, or containing, atheism; -- applied to things; as, atheistic doctrines, opinions, or books.
Atheistical	Disbelieving the existence of a God; impious; godless; -- applied to persons; as, an atheistic writer.
Atheize	To render atheistic or godless.
Atheize	To discourse, argue, or act as an atheist.
Atheling	An Anglo-Saxon prince or nobleman; esp., the heir apparent or a prince of the royal family.
Atheneums	of Athenaeum
Athenaea	of Athenaeum
Atheneum	Alt. of Athenaeum
Athenaeum	A temple of Athene, at Athens, in which scholars and poets were accustomed to read their works and instruct students.
Athenaeum	A school founded at Rome by Hadrian.
Athenaeum	A literary or scientific association or club.
Athenaeum	A building or an apartment where a library, periodicals, and newspapers are kept for use.
Athenian	Of or pertaining to Athens, the metropolis of Greece.
Athenian	A native or citizen of Athens.
Atheological	Opposed to theology; atheistic.
Atheology	Antagonism to theology.
Atheous	Atheistic; impious.
Atheous	Without God, neither accepting nor denying him.
Atherine	A small marine fish of the family Atherinidae, having a silvery stripe along the sides. The European species (Atherina presbyter) is used as food. The American species (Menidia notata) is called silversides and sand smelt. See Silversides.
Athermancy	Inability to transmit radiant heat; impermeability to heat.
Athermanous	Not transmitting heat; -- opposed to diathermanous.
Athermous	Athermanous.
Atheroid	Shaped like an ear of grain.
Atheroma	An encysted tumor containing curdy matter.
Atheroma	A disease characterized by thickening and fatty degeneration of the inner coat of the arteries.
Atheromatous	Of, pertaining to, or having the nature of, atheroma.
Athetosis	A variety of chorea, marked by peculiar tremors of the fingers and toes.
Athink	To repent; to displease; to disgust.
Athirst	Wanting drink; thirsty.
Athirst	Having a keen appetite or desire; eager; longing.
Athlete	One who contended for a prize in the public games of ancient Greece or Rome.
Athlete	Any one trained to contend in exercises requiring great physical agility and strength; one who has great activity and strength; a champion.
Athlete	One fitted for, or skilled in, intellectual contests; as, athletes of debate.
Athletic	Of or pertaining to athletes or to the exercises practiced by them; as, athletic games or sports.
Athletic	Befitting an athlete; strong; muscular; robust; vigorous; as, athletic Celts.
Athleticism	The practice of engaging in athletic games; athletism.
Athletics	The art of training by athletic exercises; the games and sports of athletes.
Athletism	The state or practice of an athlete; the characteristics of an athlete.
Athwart	Across; from side to side of.
Athwart	Across the direction or course of; as, a fleet standing athwart our course.
Athwart	Across, especially in an oblique direction; sidewise; obliquely.
Athwart	Across the course; so as to thwart; perversely.
Atilt	In the manner of a tilter; in the position, or with the action, of one making a thrust.
Atilt	In the position of a cask tilted, or with one end raised. [In this sense sometimes used as an adjective.]
Atimy	Public disgrace or stigma; infamy; loss of civil rights.
-ation	A suffix forming nouns of action, and often equivalent to the verbal substantive in -ing. It sometimes has the further meanings of state, and that which results from the action. Many of these nouns have verbs in -ate; as, alliterate -ation, narrate -ation; many are derived through the French; as, alteration, visitation; and many are formed on verbs ending in the Greek formative -ize (Fr. -ise); as, civilization, demoralization.
A-tiptoe	On tiptoe; eagerly expecting.
Atlanta	A genus of small glassy heteropod mollusks found swimming at the surface in mid ocean. See Heteropod.
Atlantal	Relating to the atlas.
Atlantal	Anterior; cephalic.
Atlantean	Of or pertaining to the isle Atlantis, which the ancients allege was sunk, and overwhelmed by the ocean.
Atlantean	Pertaining to, or resembling, Atlas; strong.
Atlantes	Figures or half figures of men, used as columns to support an entablature; -- called also telamones.  See Caryatides.
Atlantic	Of or pertaining to Mt. Atlas in Libya, and hence applied to the ocean which lies between Europe and Africa on the east and America on the west; as, the Atlantic Ocean (called also the Atlantic); the Atlantic basin; the Atlantic telegraph.
Atlantic	Of or pertaining to the isle of Atlantis.
Atlantic	Descended from Atlas.
Atlantides	The Pleiades or seven stars, fabled to have been the daughters of Atlas.
Atlases	of Atlas
Atlas	One who sustains a great burden.
Atlas	The first vertebra of the neck, articulating immediately with the skull, thus sustaining the globe of the head, whence the name.
Atlas	A collection of maps in a volume
Atlas	A volume of plates illustrating any subject.
Atlas	A work in which subjects are exhibited in a tabular from or arrangement; as, an historical atlas.
Atlas	A large, square folio, resembling a volume of maps; -- called also atlas folio.
Atlas	A drawing paper of large size. See under Paper, n.
Atlas	A rich kind of satin manufactured in India.
Atmidometer	An instrument for measuring the evaporation from water, ice, or snow.
Atmo	The standard atmospheric pressure used in certain physical measurements calculations; conventionally, that pressure under which the barometer stands at 760 millimeters, at a temperature of 0 Centigrade, at the level of the sea, and in the latitude of Paris.
Atmologic	Alt. of Atmological
Atmological	Of or pertaining to atmology.
Atmologist	One who is versed in atmology.
Atmology	That branch of science which treats of the laws and phenomena of aqueous vapor.
Atmolysis	The act or process of separating mingled gases of unequal diffusibility by transmission through porous substances.
Atmolyzation	Separation by atmolysis.
Atmolyze	To subject to atmolysis; to separate by atmolysis.
Atmolyzer	An apparatus for effecting atmolysis.
Atmometer	An instrument for measuring the rate of evaporation from a moist surface; an evaporometer.
Atmosphere	The whole mass of aeriform fluid surrounding the earth; -- applied also to the gaseous envelope of any celestial orb, or other body; as, the atmosphere of Mars.
Atmosphere	Any gaseous envelope or medium.
Atmosphere	A supposed medium around various bodies; as, electrical atmosphere, a medium formerly supposed to surround electrical bodies.
Atmosphere	The pressure or weight of the air at the sea level, on a unit of surface, or about 14.7 Ibs. to the sq. inch.
Atmosphere	Any surrounding or pervading influence or condition.
Atmosphere	The portion of air in any locality, or affected by a special physical or sanitary condition; as, the atmosphere of the room; a moist or noxious atmosphere.
Atmospheric	Alt. of Atmospherical
Atmospherical	Of or pertaining to the atmosphere; of the nature of, or resembling, the atmosphere; as, atmospheric air; the atmospheric envelope of the earth.
Atmospherical	Existing in the atmosphere.
Atmospherical	Caused, or operated on, by the atmosphere; as, an atmospheric effect; an atmospheric engine.
Atmospherical	Dependent on the atmosphere.
Atmospherically	In relation to the atmosphere.
Atmospherology	The science or a treatise on the atmosphere.
Atokous	Producing only asexual individuals, as the eggs of certain annelids.
Atoll	A coral island or islands, consisting of a belt of coral reef, partly submerged, surrounding a central lagoon or depression; a lagoon island.
Atom	An ultimate indivisible particle of matter.
Atom	An ultimate particle of matter not necessarily indivisible; a molecule.
Atom	A constituent particle of matter, or a molecule supposed to be made up of subordinate particles.
Atom	The smallest particle of matter that can enter into combination; one of the elementary constituents of a molecule.
Atom	Anything extremely small; a particle; a whit.
Atom	To reduce to atoms.
Atomic	Alt. of Atomical
Atomical	Of or pertaining to atoms.
Atomical	Extremely minute; tiny.
Atomically	In an atomic manner; in accordance with the atomic philosophy.
Atomician	An atomist.
Atomicism	Atomism.
Atomicity	Degree of atomic attraction; equivalence; valence; also (a later use) the number of atoms in an elementary molecule. See Valence.
Atomism	The doctrine of atoms. See Atomic philosophy, under Atomic.
Atomist	One who holds to the atomic philosophy or theory.
Atomistic	Of or pertaining to atoms; relating to atomism.
Atomization	The act of reducing to atoms, or very minute particles; or the state of being so reduced.
Atomization	The reduction of fluids into fine spray.
Atomize	To reduce to atoms, or to fine spray.
Atomizer	One who, or that which, atomizes; esp., an instrument for reducing a liquid to spray for disinfecting, cooling, or perfuming.
Atomology	The doctrine of atoms.
Atomy	An atom; a mite; a pigmy.
Atomy	A skeleton.
Atonable	Admitting an atonement; capable of being atoned for; expiable.
At one	In concord or friendship; in agreement (with each other); as, to be, bring, make, or set, at one, i. e., to be or bring in or to a state of agreement or reconciliation.
At one	Of the same opinion; agreed; as, on these points we are at one.
At one	Together.
Atoned	of Atone
Atoning	of Atone
Atone	To agree; to be in accordance; to accord.
Atone	To stand as an equivalent; to make reparation, compensation, or amends, for an offense or a crime.
Atone	To set at one; to reduce to concord; to reconcile, as parties at variance; to appease.
Atone	To unite in making.
Atone	To make satisfaction for; to expiate.
Atonement	Reconciliation; restoration of friendly relations; agreement; concord.
Atonement	Satisfaction or reparation made by giving an equivalent for an injury, or by doing of suffering that which will be received in satisfaction for an offense or injury; expiation; amends; -- with for. Specifically, in theology: The expiation of sin made by the obedience, personal suffering, and death of Christ.
Atoner	One who makes atonement.
Atonic	Characterized by atony, or want of vital energy; as, an atonic disease.
Atonic	Unaccented; as, an atonic syllable.
Atonic	Destitute of tone vocality; surd.
Atonic	A word that has no accent.
Atonic	An element of speech entirely destitute of vocality, or produced by the breath alone; a nonvocal or surd consonant; a breathing.
Atonic	A remedy capable of allaying organic excitement or irritation.
Atony	Want of tone; weakness of the system, or of any organ, especially of such as are contractile.
Atop	On or at the top.
Atrabilarian	Alt. of Atrabilarious
Atrabilarious	Affected with melancholy; atrabilious.
Atrabilarian	A person much given to melancholy; a hypochondriac.
Atrabiliar	Melancholy; atrabilious.
Atrabiliary	Of or pertaining to atra bilis or black bile, a fluid formerly supposed to be produced by the kidneys.
Atrabiliary	Melancholic or hypohondriac; atrabilious; -- from the supposed predominance of black bile, to the influence of which the ancients attributed hypochondria, melancholy, and mania.
Atrabilious	Melancholic or hypochondriac; atrabiliary.
Atramentaceous	Black, like ink; inky; atramental.
Atramental	Alt. of Atramentous
Atramentous	Of or pertaining to ink; inky; black, like ink; as, atramental galls; atramentous spots.
Atramentarious	Like ink; suitable for making ink. Sulphate of iron (copperas, green vitriol) is called atramentarious, as being used in making ink.
Atrede	To surpass in council.
Atrenne	To outrun.
Atresia	Absence or closure of a natural passage or channel of the body; imperforation.
Atrial	Of or pertaining to an atrium.
Atrip	Just hove clear of the ground; -- said of the anchor.
Atrip	Sheeted home, hoisted taut up and ready for trimming; -- said of sails.
Atrip	Hoisted up and ready to be swayed across; -- said of yards.
Atria	of Atrium
Atrium	A square hall lighted from above, into which rooms open at one or more levels.
Atrium	An open court with a porch or gallery around three or more sides; especially at the entrance of a basilica or other church. The name was extended in the Middle Ages to the open churchyard or cemetery.
Atrium	The main part of either auricle of the heart as distinct from the auricular appendix. Also, the whole articular portion of the heart.
Atrium	A cavity in ascidians into which the intestine and generative ducts open, and which also receives the water from the gills. See Ascidioidea.
Atrocha	A kind of chaetopod larva in which no circles of cilia are developed.
Atrocious	Extremely heinous; full of enormous wickedness; as, atrocious quilt or deeds.
Atrocious	Characterized by, or expressing, great atrocity.
Atrocious	Very grievous or violent; terrible; as, atrocious distempers.
Atrocities	of Atrocity
Atrocity	Enormous wickedness; extreme heinousness or cruelty.
Atrocity	An atrocious or extremely cruel deed.
Atrophic	Relating to atrophy.
Atrophied	Affected with atrophy, as a tissue or organ; arrested in development at a very early stage; rudimentary.
Atrophy	A wasting away from want of nourishment; diminution in bulk or slow emaciation of the body or of any part.
Atrophied	of Atrophy
Atrophy	To cause to waste away or become abortive; to starve or weaken.
Atrophy	To waste away; to dwindle.
Atropia	Same as Atropine.
Atropine	A poisonous, white, crystallizable alkaloid, extracted from the Atropa belladonna, or deadly nightshade, and the Datura Stramonium, or thorn apple. It is remarkable for its power in dilating the pupil of the eye. Called also daturine.
Atropism	A condition of the system produced by long use of belladonna.
Atropous	Not inverted; orthotropous.
Atrous	Coal-black; very black.
Atrypa	A extinct genus of Branchiopoda, very common in Silurian limestones.
Attabal	See Atabal.
Attacca	Attack at once; -- a direction at the end of a movement to show that the next is to follow immediately, without any pause.
Attached	of Attach
Attaching	of Attach
Attach	To bind, fasten, tie, or connect; to make fast or join; as, to attach one thing to another by a string, by glue, or the like.
Attach	To connect; to place so as to belong; to assign by authority; to appoint; as, an officer is attached to a certain regiment, company, or ship.
Attach	To win the heart of; to connect by ties of love or self-interest; to attract; to fasten or bind by moral influence; -- with to; as, attached to a friend; attaching others to us by wealth or flattery.
Attach	To connect, in a figurative sense; to ascribe or attribute; to affix; -- with to; as, to attach great importance to a particular circumstance.
Attach	To take, seize, or lay hold of.
Attach	To take by legal authority: (a) To arrest by writ, and bring before a court, as to answer for a debt, or a contempt; -- applied to a taking of the person by a civil process; being now rarely used for the arrest of a criminal. (b) To seize or take (goods or real estate) by virtue of a writ or precept to hold the same to satisfy a judgment which may be rendered in the suit. See Attachment, 4.
Attach	To adhere; to be attached.
Attach	To come into legal operation in connection with anything; to vest; as, dower will attach.
Attach	An attachment.
Attachable	Capable of being attached; esp., liable to be taken by writ or precept.
Attache	One attached to another person or thing, as a part of a suite or staff. Specifically: One attached to an embassy.
Attachment	The act attaching, or state of being attached; close adherence or affection; fidelity; regard; an/ passion of affection that binds a person; as, an attachment to a friend, or to a party.
Attachment	That by which one thing is attached to another; connection; as, to cut the attachments of a muscle.
Attachment	Something attached; some adjunct attached to an instrument, machine, or other object; as, a sewing machine attachment (i. e., a device attached to a sewing machine to enable it to do special work, as tucking, etc.).
Attachment	A seizure or taking into custody by virtue of a legal process.
Attachment	The writ or percept commanding such seizure or taking.
Attacked	of Attack
Attacking	of Attack
Attack	To fall upon with force; to assail, as with force and arms; to assault.
Attack	To assail with unfriendly speech or writing; to begin a controversy with; to attempt to overthrow or bring into disrepute, by criticism or satire; to censure; as, to attack a man, or his opinions, in a pamphlet.
Attack	To set to work upon, as upon a task or problem, or some object of labor or investigation.
Attack	To begin to affect; to begin to act upon, injuriously or destructively; to begin to decompose or waste.
Attack	To make an onset or attack.
Attack	The act of attacking, or falling on with force or violence; an onset; an assault; -- opposed to defense.
Attack	An assault upon one's feelings or reputation with unfriendly or bitter words.
Attack	A setting to work upon some task, etc.
Attack	An access of disease; a fit of sickness.
Attack	The beginning of corrosive, decomposing, or destructive action, by a chemical agent.
Attackable	Capable of being attacked.
Attacker	One who attacks.
Attagas	Alt. of Attagen
Attagen	A species of sand grouse (Syrrghaptes Pallasii) found in Asia and rarely in southern Europe.
Attaghan	See Yataghan.
Attained	of Attain
Attaining	of Attain
Attain	To achieve or accomplish, that is, to reach by efforts; to gain; to compass; as, to attain rest.
Attain	To gain or obtain possession of; to acquire.
Attain	To get at the knowledge of; to ascertain.
Attain	To reach or come to, by progression or motion; to arrive at.
Attain	To overtake.
Attain	To reach in excellence or degree; to equal.
Attain	To come or arrive, by motion, growth, bodily exertion, or efforts toward a place, object, state, etc.; to reach.
Attain	To come or arrive, by an effort of mind.
Attain	Attainment.
Attainability	The quality of being attainable; attainableness.
Attainable	Capable of being attained or reached by efforts of the mind or body; capable of being compassed or accomplished by efforts directed to the object.
Attainable	Obtainable.
Attainableness	The quality of being attainable; attainability.
Attainder	The act of attainting, or the state of being attainted; the extinction of the civil rights and capacities of a person, consequent upon sentence of death or outlawry; as, an act of attainder.
Attainder	A stain or staining; state of being in dishonor or condemnation.
Attainment	The act of attaining; the act of arriving at or reaching; hence, the act of obtaining by efforts.
Attainment	That which is attained to, or obtained by exertion; acquirement; acquisition; (pl.), mental acquirements; knowledge; as, literary and scientific attainments.
Attainted	of Attaint
Attainting	of Attaint
Attaint	To attain; to get act; to hit.
Attaint	To find guilty; to convict; -- said esp. of a jury on trial for giving a false verdict.
Attaint	To subject (a person) to the legal condition formerly resulting from a sentence of death or outlawry, pronounced in respect of treason or felony; to affect by attainder.
Attaint	To accuse; to charge with a crime or a dishonorable act.
Attaint	To affect or infect, as with physical or mental disease or with moral contagion; to taint or corrupt.
Attaint	To stain; to obscure; to sully; to disgrace; to cloud with infamy.
Attaint	Attainted; corrupted.
Attaint	A touch or hit.
Attaint	A blow or wound on the leg of a horse, made by overreaching.
Attaint	A writ which lies after judgment, to inquire whether a jury has given a false verdict in any court of record; also, the convicting of the jury so tried.
Attaint	A stain or taint; disgrace. See Taint.
Attaint	An infecting influence.
Attaintment	Attainder; attainture; conviction.
Attainture	Attainder; disgrace.
Attal	Same as Attle.
Attame	To pierce; to attack.
Attame	To broach; to begin.
Attaminate	To corrupt; to defile; to contaminate.
Attar	A fragrant essential oil; esp., a volatile and highly fragrant essential oil obtained from the petals of roses.
Attask	To take to task; to blame.
Attaste	To taste or cause to taste.
Atte	At the.
Attempered	of Attemper
Attempering	of Attemper
Attemper	To reduce, modify, or moderate, by mixture; to temper; to regulate, as temperature.
Attemper	To soften, mollify, or moderate; to soothe; to temper; as, to attemper rigid justice with clemency.
Attemper	To mix in just proportion; to regulate; as, a mind well attempered with kindness and justice.
Attemper	To accommodate; to make suitable; to adapt.
Attemperament	A tempering, or mixing in due proportion.
Attemperance	Temperance; attemperament.
Attemperate	Tempered; proportioned; properly adapted.
Attemperate	To attemper.
Attemperation	The act of attempering or regulating.
Attemperly	Temperately.
Attemperment	Attemperament.
Attempted	of Attempt
Attempting	of Attempt
Attempt	To make trial or experiment of; to try; to endeavor to do or perform (some action); to assay; as, to attempt to sing; to attempt a bold flight.
Attempt	To try to move, by entreaty, by afflictions, or by temptations; to tempt.
Attempt	To try to win, subdue, or overcome; as, one who attempts the virtue of a woman.
Attempt	To attack; to make an effort or attack upon; to try to take by force; as, to attempt the enemy's camp.
Attempt	To make an attempt; -- with upon.
Attempt	A essay, trial, or endeavor; an undertaking; an attack, or an effort to gain a point; esp. an unsuccessful, as contrasted with a successful, effort.
Attemptable	Capable of being attempted, tried, or attacked.
Attempter	One who attempts; one who essays anything.
Attempter	An assailant; also, a temper.
Attemptive	Disposed to attempt; adventurous.
Attended	of Attend
Attending	of Attend
Attend	To direct the attention to; to fix the mind upon; to give heed to; to regard.
Attend	To care for; to look after; to take charge of; to watch over.
Attend	To go or stay with, as a companion, nurse, or servant; to visit professionally, as a physician; to accompany or follow in order to do service; to escort; to wait on; to serve.
Attend	To be present with; to accompany; to be united or consequent to; as, a measure attended with ill effects.
Attend	To be present at; as, to attend church, school, a concert, a business meeting.
Attend	To wait for; to await; to remain, abide, or be in store for.
Attend	To apply the mind, or pay attention, with a view to perceive, understand, or comply; to pay regard; to heed; to listen; -- usually followed by to.
Attend	To accompany or be present or near at hand, in pursuance of duty; to be ready for service; to wait or be in waiting; -- often followed by on or upon.
Attend	(with to) To take charge of; to look after; as, to attend to a matter of business.
Attend	To wait; to stay; to delay.
Attendance	Attention; regard; careful application.
Attendance	The act of attending; state of being in waiting; service; ministry; the fact of being present; presence.
Attendance	Waiting for; expectation.
Attendance	The persons attending; a retinue; attendants.
Attendancy	The quality of attending or accompanying; attendance; an attendant.
Attendant	Being present, or in the train; accompanying; in waiting.
Attendant	Accompanying, connected with, or immediately following, as consequential; consequent; as, intemperance with all its attendant evils.
Attendant	Depending on, or owing duty or service to; as, the widow attendant to the heir.
Attendant	One who attends or accompanies in any character whatever, as a friend, companion, servant, agent, or suitor.
Attendant	One who is present and takes part in the proceedings; as, an attendant at a meeting.
Attendant	That which accompanies; a concomitant.
Attendant	One who owes duty or service to, or depends on, another.
Attendement	Intent.
Attender	One who, or that which, attends.
Attendment	An attendant circumstance.
Attent	Attentive; heedful.
Attent	Attention; heed.
Attentate	Alt. of Attentat
Attentat	An attempt; an assault.
Attentat	A proceeding in a court of judicature, after an inhibition is decreed.
Attentat	Any step wrongly innovated or attempted in a suit by an inferior judge.
Attention	The act or state of attending or heeding; the application of the mind to any object of sense, representation, or thought; notice; exclusive or special consideration; earnest consideration, thought, or regard; obedient or affectionate heed; the supposed power or faculty of attending.
Attention	An act of civility or courtesy; care for the comfort and pleasure of others; as, attentions paid to a stranger.
Attentive	Heedful; intent; observant; regarding with care or attention.
Attentive	Heedful of the comfort of others; courteous.
Attently	Attentively.
Attenuant	Making thin, as fluids; diluting; rendering less dense and viscid; diluent.
Attenuant	A medicine that thins or dilutes the fluids; a diluent.
Attenuated	of Attenuate
Attenuating	of Attenuate
Attenuate	To make thin or slender, as by mechanical or chemical action upon inanimate objects, or by the effects of starvation, disease, etc., upon living bodies.
Attenuate	To make thin or less consistent; to render less viscid or dense; to rarefy. Specifically: To subtilize, as the humors of the body, or to break them into finer parts.
Attenuate	To lessen the amount, force, or value of; to make less complex; to weaken.
Attenuate	To become thin, slender, or fine; to grow less; to lessen.
Attenuate	Alt. of Attenuated
Attenuated	Made thin or slender.
Attenuated	Made thin or less viscid; rarefied.
Attenuation	The act or process of making slender, or the state of being slender; emaciation.
Attenuation	The act of attenuating; the act of making thin or less dense, or of rarefying, as fluids or gases.
Attenuation	The process of weakening in intensity; diminution of virulence; as, the attenuation of virus.
Atter	Poison; venom; corrupt matter from a sore.
Attercop	A spider.
Attercop	A peevish, ill-natured person.
Atterrate	To fill up with alluvial earth.
Atterration	The act of filling up with earth, or of forming land with alluvial earth.
Attested	of Attest
Attesting	of Attest
Attest	To bear witness to; to certify; to affirm to be true or genuine; as, to attest the truth of a writing, a copy of record.
Attest	To give proof of; to manifest; as, the ruins of Palmyra attest its ancient magnificence.
Attest	To call to witness; to invoke.
Attest	Witness; testimony; attestation.
Attestation	The act of attesting; testimony; witness; a solemn or official declaration, verbal or written, in support of a fact; evidence. The truth appears from the attestation of witnesses, or of the proper officer. The subscription of a name to a writing as a witness, is an attestation.
Attestative	Of the nature of attestation.
Attester	Alt. of Attestor
Attestor	One who attests.
Attestive	Attesting; furnishing evidence.
Attic	Of or pertaining to Attica, in Greece, or to Athens, its principal city; marked by such qualities as were characteristic of the Athenians; classical; refined.
Attic	A low story above the main order or orders of a facade, in the classical styles; -- a term introduced in the 17th century. Hence:
Attic	A room or rooms behind that part of the exterior; all the rooms immediately below the roof.
Attic	An Athenian; an Athenian author.
Attical	Attic.
Atticism	A favoring of, or attachment to, the Athenians.
Atticism	The style and idiom of the Greek language, used by the Athenians; a concise and elegant expression.
Atticize	To conform or make conformable to the language, customs, etc., of Attica.
Atticize	To side with the Athenians.
Atticize	To use the Attic idiom or style; to conform to the customs or modes of thought of the Athenians.
Attiguous	Touching; bordering; contiguous.
Attinge	To touch lightly.
Attired	of Attire
Attiring	of Attire
Attire	To dress; to array; to adorn; esp., to clothe with elegant or splendid garments.
Attire	Dress; clothes; headdress; anything which dresses or adorns; esp., ornamental clothing.
Attire	The antlers, or antlers and scalp, of a stag or buck.
Attire	The internal parts of a flower, included within the calyx and the corolla.
Attired	Provided with antlers, as a stag.
Attirement	Attire; adornment.
Attirer	One who attires.
Attitude	The posture, action, or disposition of a figure or a statue.
Attitude	The posture or position of a person or an animal, or the manner in which the parts of his body are disposed; position assumed or studied to serve a purpose; as, a threatening attitude; an attitude of entreaty.
Attitude	Fig.: Position as indicating action, feeling, or mood; as, in times of trouble let a nation preserve a firm attitude; one's mental attitude in respect to religion.
Attitudinal	Relating to attitude.
Attitudinarian	One who attitudinizes; a posture maker.
Attitudinarianism	A practicing of attitudes; posture making.
Attitudinize	To assume affected attitudes; to strike an attitude; to pose.
Attitudinizer	One who practices attitudes.
Attle	Rubbish or refuse consisting of broken rock containing little or no ore.
Attollent	Lifting up; raising; as, an attollent muscle.
Attonce	At once; together.
Attone	See At one.
Attorn	To turn, or transfer homage and service, from one lord to another. This is the act of feudatories, vassals, or tenants, upon the alienation of the estate.
Attorn	To agree to become tenant to one to whom reversion has been granted.
Attorneys	of Attorney
Attorney	A substitute; a proxy; an agent.
Attorney	One who is legally appointed by another to transact any business for him; an attorney in fact.
Attorney	A legal agent qualified to act for suitors and defendants in legal proceedings; an attorney at law.
Attorney	To perform by proxy; to employ as a proxy.
Attorney-general	The chief law officer of the state, empowered to act in all litigation in which the law-executing power is a party, and to advise this supreme executive whenever required.
Attorneyism	The practice or peculiar cleverness of attorneys.
Attorneyship	The office or profession of an attorney; agency for another.
Attornment	The act of a feudatory, vassal, or tenant, by which he consents, upon the alienation of an estate, to receive a new lord or superior, and transfers to him his homage and service; the agreement of a tenant to acknowledge the purchaser of the estate as his landlord.
Attracted	of Attract
Attracting	of Attract
Attract	To draw to, or cause to tend to; esp. to cause to approach, adhere, or combine; or to cause to resist divulsion, separation, or decomposition.
Attract	To draw by influence of a moral or emotional kind; to engage or fix, as the mind, attention, etc.; to invite or allure; as, to attract admirers.
Attract	Attraction.
Attractability	The quality or fact of being attractable.
Attractable	Capable of being attracted; subject to attraction.
Attracter	One who, or that which, attracts.
Attractile	Having power to attract.
Attracting	That attracts.
Attraction	An invisible power in a body by which it draws anything to itself; the power in nature acting mutually between bodies or ultimate particles, tending to draw them together, or to produce their cohesion or combination, and conversely resisting separation.
Attraction	The act or property of attracting; the effect of the power or operation of attraction.
Attraction	The power or act of alluring, drawing to, inviting, or engaging; an attractive quality; as, the attraction of beauty or eloquence.
Attraction	That which attracts; an attractive object or feature.
Attractive	Having the power or quality of attracting or drawing; as, the attractive force of bodies.
Attractive	Attracting or drawing by moral influence or pleasurable emotion; alluring; inviting; pleasing.
Attractive	That which attracts or draws; an attraction; an allurement.
Attractivity	The quality or degree of attractive power.
Attractor	One who, or that which, attracts.
Attrahent	Attracting; drawing; attractive.
Attrahent	That which attracts, as a magnet.
Attrahent	A substance which, by irritating the surface, excites action in the part to which it is applied, as a blister, an epispastic, a sinapism.
Attrap	To entrap; to insnare.
Attrap	To adorn with trapping; to array.
Attrectation	Frequent handling or touching.
Attributable	Capable of being attributed; ascribable; imputable.
Attributed	of Attribute
Attributing	of Attribute
Attribute	To ascribe; to consider (something) as due or appropriate (to); to refer, as an effect to a cause; to impute; to assign; to consider as belonging (to).
Attribute	That which is attributed; a quality which is considered as belonging to, or inherent in, a person or thing; an essential or necessary property or characteristic.
Attribute	Reputation.
Attribute	A conventional symbol of office, character, or identity, added to any particular figure; as, a club is the attribute of Hercules.
Attribute	Quality, etc., denoted by an attributive; an attributive adjunct or adjective.
Attribution	The act of attributing or ascribing, as a quality, character, or function, to a thing or person, an effect to a cause.
Attribution	That which is ascribed or attributed.
Attributive	Attributing; pertaining to, expressing, or assigning an attribute; of the nature of an attribute.
Attributive	A word that denotes an attribute; esp. a modifying word joined to a noun; an adjective or adjective phrase.
Attributively	In an attributive manner.
Attrite	Rubbed; worn by friction.
Attrite	Repentant from fear of punishment; having attrition of grief for sin; -- opposed to contrite.
Attrition	The act of rubbing together; friction; the act of wearing by friction, or by rubbing substances together; abrasion.
Attrition	The state of being worn.
Attrition	Grief for sin arising only from fear of punishment or feelings of shame. See Contrition.
Attry	Poisonous; malignant; malicious.
Attuned	of Attune
Attuning	of Attune
Attune	To tune or put in tune; to make melodious; to adjust, as one sound or musical instrument to another; as, to attune the voice to a harp.
Attune	To arrange fitly; to make accordant.
Atwain	In twain; asunder.
Atween	Between.
Atwirl	Twisted; distorted; awry.
Atwite	To speak reproachfully of; to twit; to upbraid.
Atwixt	Betwixt.
Atwo	In two; in twain; asunder.
Atypic	Alt. of Atypical
Atypical	That has no type; devoid of typical character; irregular; unlike the type.
Aubade	An open air concert in the morning, as distinguished from an evening serenade; also, a pianoforte composition suggestive of morning.
Aubaine	Succession to the goods of a stranger not naturalized.
Aube	An alb.
Auberge	An inn.
Aubin	A broken gait of a horse, between an amble and a gallop; -- commonly called a Canterbury gallop.
Auburn	Flaxen-colored.
Auburn	Reddish brown.
Auchenium	The part of the neck nearest the back.
Auctary	That which is superadded; augmentation.
Auction	A public sale of property to the highest bidder, esp. by a person licensed and authorized for the purpose; a vendue.
Auction	The things sold by auction or put up to auction.
Auction	To sell by auction.
Auctionary	Of or pertaining to an auction or an auctioneer.
Auctioneer	A person who sells by auction; a person whose business it is to dispose of goods or lands by public sale to the highest or best bidder.
Auctioneer	To sell by auction; to auction.
Aucupation	Birdcatching; fowling.
Audacious	Daring; spirited; adventurous.
Audacious	Contemning the restraints of law, religion, or decorum; bold in wickedness; presumptuous; impudent; insolent.
Audacious	Committed with, or proceedings from, daring effrontery or contempt of law, morality, or decorum.
Audaciously	In an audacious manner; with excess of boldness; impudently.
Audaciousness	The quality of being audacious; impudence; audacity.
Audacity	Daring spirit, resolution, or confidence; venturesomeness.
Audacity	Reckless daring; presumptuous impudence; -- implying a contempt of law or moral restraints.
Audibility	The quality of being audible; power of being heard; audible capacity.
Audible	Capable of being heard; loud enough to be heard; actually heard; as, an audible voice or whisper.
Audible	That which may be heard.
Audibleness	The quality of being audible.
Audibly	So as to be heard.
Audience	The act of hearing; attention to sounds.
Audience	Admittance to a hearing; a formal interview, esp. with a sovereign or the head of a government, for conference or the transaction of business.
Audience	An auditory; an assembly of hearers. Also applied by authors to their readers.
Audient	Listening; paying attention; as, audient souls.
Audient	A hearer; especially a catechumen in the early church.
Audiometer	An instrument by which the power of hearing can be gauged and recorded on a scale.
Audiphone	An instrument which, placed against the teeth, conveys sound to the auditory nerve and enables the deaf to hear more or less distinctly; a dentiphone.
Audit	An audience; a hearing.
Audit	An examination in general; a judicial examination.
Audit	The result of such an examination, or an account as adjusted by auditors; final account.
Audit	A general receptacle or receiver.
Audited	of Audit
Auditing	of Audit
Audit	To examine and adjust, as an account or accounts; as, to audit the accounts of a treasure, or of parties who have a suit depending in court.
Audit	To settle or adjust an account.
Audita querela	A writ which lies for a party against whom judgment is recovered, but to whom good matter of discharge has subsequently accrued which could not have been availed of to prevent such judgment.
Audition	The act of hearing or listening; hearing.
Auditive	Of or pertaining to hearing; auditory.
Auditor	A hearer or listener.
Auditor	A person appointed and authorized to audit or examine an account or accounts, compare the charges with the vouchers, examine the parties and witnesses, allow or reject charges, and state the balance.
Auditor	One who hears judicially, as in an audience court.
Auditorial	Auditory.
Auditorium	The part of a church, theater, or other public building, assigned to the audience.
Auditorship	The office or function of auditor.
Auditory	Of or pertaining to hearing, or to the sense or organs of hearing; as, the auditory nerve. See Ear.
Auditory	An assembly of hearers; an audience.
Auditory	An auditorium.
Auditress	A female hearer.
Auditual	Auditory.
Auf	A changeling or elf child, -- that is, one left by fairies; a deformed or foolish child; a simpleton; an oaf.
Au fait	Expert; skillful; well instructed.
Augean	Of or pertaining to Augeus, king of Elis, whose stable contained 3000 oxen, and had not been cleaned for 30 years. Hercules cleansed it in a single day.
Augean	Hence: Exceedingly filthy or corrupt.
Auger	A carpenter's tool for boring holes larger than those bored by a gimlet. It has a handle placed crosswise by which it is turned with both hands. A pod auger is one with a straight channel or groove, like the half of a bean pod. A screw auger has a twisted blade, by the spiral groove of which the chips are discharge.
Auger	An instrument for boring or perforating soils or rocks, for determining the quality of soils, or the nature of the rocks or strata upon which they lie, and for obtaining water.
Auget	A priming tube connecting the charge chamber with the gallery, or place where the slow match is applied.
Aught	Alt. of Aucht
Aucht	Property; possession.
Aught	Anything; any part.
Aught	At all; in any degree.
Augite	A variety of pyroxene, usually of a black or dark green color, occurring in igneous rocks, such as basalt; -- also used instead of the general term pyroxene.
Augitic	Pertaining to, or like, augite; containing augite as a principal constituent; as, augitic rocks.
Augmented	of Augment
Augmenting	of Augment
Augment	To enlarge or increase in size, amount, or degree; to swell; to make bigger; as, to augment an army by reeforcements; rain augments a stream; impatience augments an evil.
Augment	To add an augment to.
Augment	To increase; to grow larger, stronger, or more intense; as, a stream augments by rain.
Augment	Enlargement by addition; increase.
Augment	A vowel prefixed, or a lengthening of the initial vowel, to mark past time, as in Greek and Sanskrit verbs.
Augmentable	Capable of augmentation.
Augmentation	The act or process of augmenting, or making larger, by addition, expansion, or dilation; increase.
Augmentation	The state of being augmented; enlargement.
Augmentation	The thing added by way of enlargement.
Augmentation	A additional charge to a coat of arms, given as a mark of honor.
Augmentation	The stage of a disease in which the symptoms go on increasing.
Augmentation	In counterpoint and fugue, a repetition of the subject in tones of twice the original length.
Augmentative	Having the quality or power of augmenting; expressing augmentation.
Augmentative	A word which expresses with augmented force the idea or the properties of the term from which it is derived; as, dullard, one very dull. Opposed to diminutive.
Augmenter	One who, or that which, augments or increases anything.
Augrim	See Algorism.
Augur	An official diviner who foretold events by the singing, chattering, flight, and feeding of birds, or by signs or omens derived from celestial phenomena, certain appearances of quadrupeds, or unusual occurrences.
Augur	One who foretells events by omens; a soothsayer; a diviner; a prophet.
Augured	of Augur
Auguring	of Augur
Augur	To conjecture from signs or omens; to prognosticate; to foreshow.
Augur	To anticipate, to foretell, or to indicate a favorable or an unfavorable issue; as, to augur well or ill.
Augur	To predict or foretell, as from signs or omens; to betoken; to presage; to infer.
Augural	Of or pertaining to augurs or to augury; betokening; ominous; significant; as, an augural staff; augural books.
Augurate	To make or take auguries; to augur; to predict.
Augurate	The office of an augur.
Auguration	The practice of augury.
Augurer	An augur.
Augurial	Relating to augurs or to augury.
Augurist	An augur.
Angurize	To augur.
Augurous	Full of augury; foreboding.
Augurship	The office, or period of office, of an augur.
Auguries	of Augury
Augury	The art or practice of foretelling events by observing the actions of birds, etc.; divination.
Augury	An omen; prediction; prognostication; indication of the future; presage.
Augury	A rite, ceremony, or observation of an augur.
August	Of a quality inspiring mingled admiration and reverence; having an aspect of solemn dignity or grandeur; sublime; majestic; having exalted birth, character, state, or authority.
August	The eighth month of the year, containing thirty-one days.
Augustan	Of or pertaining to Augustus Caesar or to his times.
Augustan	Of or pertaining to the town of Augsburg.
Augustine	Alt. of Augustinian
Augustinian	A member of one of the religious orders called after St. Augustine; an Austin friar.
Augustinian	Of or pertaining to St. Augustine, bishop of Hippo in Northern Africa (b. 354 -- d. 430), or to his doctrines.
Augustinian	One of a class of divines, who, following St. Augustine, maintain that grace by its nature is effectual absolutely and creatively, not relatively and conditionally.
Augustinianism	Alt. of Augustinism
Augustinism	The doctrines held by Augustine or by the Augustinians.
Augustly	In an august manner.
Augustness	The quality of being august; dignity of mien; grandeur; magnificence.
Auk	A name given to various species of arctic sea birds of the family Alcidae. The great auk, now extinct, is Alca (/ Plautus) impennis. The razor-billed auk is A. torda.  See Puffin, Guillemot, and Murre.
Aukward	See Awkward.
Aularian	Relating to a hall.
Aularian	At Oxford, England, a member of a hall, distinguished from a collegian.
Auld	Old; as, Auld Reekie (old smoky), i. e., Edinburgh.
Auld lang syne	A Scottish phrase used in recalling recollections of times long since past.
Auletic	Of or pertaining to a pipe (flute) or piper.
Aulic	Pertaining to a royal court.
Aulic	The ceremony observed in conferring the degree of doctor of divinity in some European universities. It begins by a harangue of the chancellor addressed to the young doctor, who then receives the cap, and presides at the disputation (also called the aulic).
Auln	An ell. [Obs.] See Aune.
Aulnage	Alt. of Aulnager
Aulnager	See Alnage and Alnager.
Aum	Same as Aam.
Aumail	To figure or variegate.
Aumbry	Same as Ambry.
Aumery	A form of Ambry, a closet; but confused with Almonry, as if a place for alms.
Auncel	A rude balance for weighing, and a kind of weight, formerly used in England.
Auncetry	Ancestry.
Aune	A French cloth measure, of different parts of the country (at Paris, 0.95 of an English ell); -- now superseded by the meter.
Aunt	The sister of one's father or mother; -- correlative to nephew or niece. Also applied to an uncle's wife.
Aunt	An old woman; and old gossip.
Aunt	A bawd, or a prostitute.
Auntter	Adventure; hap.
Aunter	Alt. of Auntre
Auntre	To venture; to dare.
Auntie	Alt. of Aunty
Aunty	A familiar name for an aunt. In the southern United States a familiar term applied to aged negro women.
Auntrous	Adventurous.
Aurae	of Aura
Aura	Any subtile, invisible emanation, effluvium, or exhalation from a substance, as the aroma of flowers, the odor of the blood, a supposed fertilizing emanation from the pollen of flowers, etc.
Aura	The peculiar sensation, as of a light vapor, or cold air, rising from the trunk or limbs towards the head, a premonitory symptom of epilepsy or hysterics.
Aural	Of or pertaining to the air, or to an aura.
Aural	Of or pertaining to the ear; as, aural medicine and surgery.
Aurantiaceous	Pertaining to, or resembling, the Aurantiaceae, an order of plants (formerly considered natural), of which the orange is the type.
Aurate	A combination of auric acid with a base; as, aurate or potassium.
Aurated	Resembling or containing gold; gold-colored; gilded.
Aurated	Combined with auric acid.
Aurated	Having ears. See Aurited.
Aureate	Golden; gilded.
Aurelia	The chrysalis, or pupa of an insect, esp. when reflecting a brilliant golden color, as that of some of the butterflies.
Aurelia	A genus of jellyfishes. See Discophora.
Aurelian	Of or pertaining to the aurelia.
Aurelian	An amateur collector and breeder of insects, esp. of butterflies and moths; a lepidopterist.
Aureola	Alt. of Aureole
Aureole	A celestial crown or accidental glory added to the bliss of heaven, as a reward to those (as virgins, martyrs, preachers, etc.) who have overcome the world, the flesh, and the devil.
Aureole	The circle of rays, or halo of light, with which painters surround the figure and represent the glory of Christ, saints, and others held in special reverence.
Aureole	A halo, actual or figurative.
Aureole	See Areola, 2.
Auric	Of or pertaining to gold.
Auric	Pertaining to, or derived from, gold; -- said of those compounds of gold in which this element has its higher valence; as, auric oxide; auric chloride.
Aurichalceous	Brass-colored.
Aurichalcite	A hydrous carbonate of copper and zinc, found in pale green or blue crystalline aggregations. It yields a kind of brass on reduction.
Auricle	The external ear, or that part of the ear which is prominent from the head.
Auricle	The chamber, or one of the two chambers, of the heart, by which the blood is received and transmitted to the ventricle or ventricles; -- so called from its resemblance to the auricle or external ear of some quadrupeds. See Heart.
Auricle	An angular or ear-shaped lobe.
Auricle	An instrument applied to the ears to give aid in hearing; a kind of ear trumpet.
Auricled	Having ear-shaped appendages or lobes; auriculate; as, auricled leaves.
Auriculae	of Auricula
Auriculas	of Auricula
Auricula	A species of Primula, or primrose, called also, from the shape of its leaves, bear's-ear.
Auricula	A species of Hirneola (H. auricula), a membranaceous fungus, called also auricula Judae, or Jew's-ear.
Auricula	A genus of air-breathing mollusks mostly found near the sea, where the water is brackish
Auricula	One of the five arched processes of the shell around the jaws of a sea urchin.
Auricular	Of or pertaining to the ear, or to the sense of hearing; as, auricular nerves.
Auricular	Told in the ear, i. e., told privately; as, auricular confession to the priest.
Auricular	Recognized by the ear; known by the sense of hearing; as, auricular evidence.
Auricular	Received by the ear; known by report.
Auricular	Pertaining to the auricles of the heart.
Auricularia	A kind of holothurian larva, with soft, blunt appendages. See Illustration in Appendix.
Auricularly	In an auricular manner.
Auriculars	A circle of feathers surrounding the opening of the ear of birds.
Auriculate	Alt. of Auriculated
Auriculated	Having ears or appendages like ears; eared. Esp.: (a) (Bot.) Having lobes or appendages like the ear; shaped like the ear; auricled. (b) (Zool.) Having an angular projection on one or both sides, as in certain bivalve shells, the foot of some gastropods, etc.
Auriferous	Gold-bearing; containing or producing gold.
Auriflamme	See Oriflamme.
Auriform	Having the form of the human ear; ear-shaped.
Auriga	The Charioteer, or Wagoner, a constellation in the northern hemisphere, situated between Perseus and Gemini. It contains the bright star Capella.
Aurigal	Of or pertaining to a chariot.
Aurigation	The act of driving a chariot or a carriage.
Aurigraphy	The art of writing with or in gold.
Aurin	A red coloring matter derived from phenol; -- called also, in commerce, yellow corallin.
Auriphrygiate	Embroidered or decorated with gold.
Auripigment	See Orpiment.
Auriscalp	An earpick.
Auriscope	An instrument for examining the condition of the ear.
Auriscopy	Examination of the ear by the aid of the auriscope.
Aurist	One skilled in treating and curing disorders of the ear.
Aurited	Having lobes like the ear; auriculate.
Aurivorous	Gold-devouring.
Aurocephalous	Having a gold-colored head.
Aurochloride	The trichloride of gold combination with the chloride of another metal, forming a double chloride; -- called also chloraurate.
Aurochs	The European bison (Bison bonasus, / Europaeus), once widely distributed, but now nearly extinct, except where protected in the Lithuanian forests, and perhaps in the Caucasus. It is distinct from the Urus of Caesar, with which it has often been confused.
Aurocyanide	A double cyanide of gold and some other metal or radical; -- called also cyanaurate.
Auroras	of Aurora
Aurorae	of Aurora
Aurora	The rising light of the morning; the dawn of day; the redness of the sky just before the sun rises.
Aurora	The rise, dawn, or beginning.
Aurora	The Roman personification of the dawn of day; the goddess of the morning. The poets represented her a rising out of the ocean, in a chariot, with rosy fingers dropping gentle dew.
Aurora	A species of crowfoot.
Aurora	The aurora borealis or aurora australis (northern or southern lights).
Auroral	Belonging to, or resembling, the aurora (the dawn or the northern lights); rosy.
Aurous	Containing gold.
Aurous	Pertaining to, or derived from, gold; -- said of those compounds of gold in which this element has its lower valence; as, aurous oxide.
Aurum	Gold.
Auscult	To auscultate.
Auscultate	To practice auscultation; to examine by auscultation.
Auscultation	The act of listening or hearkening to.
Auscultation	An examination by listening either directly with the ear (immediate auscultation) applied to parts of the body, as the abdomen; or with the stethoscope (mediate auscultation), in order to distinguish sounds recognized as a sign of health or of disease.
Auscultator	One who practices auscultation.
Auscultatory	Of or pertaining to auscultation.
Ausonian	Italian.
Auspicate	Auspicious.
Auspicate	To foreshow; to foretoken.
Auspicate	To give a favorable turn to in commencing; to inaugurate; -- a sense derived from the Roman practice of taking the auspicium, or inspection of birds, before undertaking any important business.
Auspices	of Auspice
Auspice	A divining or taking of omens by observing birds; an omen as to an undertaking, drawn from birds; an augury; an omen or sign in general; an indication as to the future.
Auspice	Protection; patronage and care; guidance.
Auspicial	Of or pertaining to auspices; auspicious.
Auspicious	Having omens or tokens of a favorable issue; giving promise of success, prosperity, or happiness; predicting good; as, an auspicious beginning.
Auspicious	Prosperous; fortunate; as, auspicious years.
Auspicious	Favoring; favorable; propitious; -- applied to persons or things.
Auster	The south wind.
Austere	Sour and astringent; rough to the state; having acerbity; as, an austere crab apple; austere wine.
Austere	Severe in modes of judging, or living, or acting; rigid; rigorous; stern; as, an austere man, look, life.
Austere	Unadorned; unembellished; severely simple.
Austerely	Severely; rigidly; sternly.
Austereness	Harshness or astringent sourness to the taste; acerbity.
Austereness	Severity; strictness; austerity.
Austerities	of Austerity
Austerity	Sourness and harshness to the taste.
Austerity	Severity of manners or life; extreme rigor or strictness; harsh discipline.
Austerity	Plainness; freedom from adornment; severe simplicity.
Austin	Augustinian; as, Austin friars.
Austral	Southern; lying or being in the south; as, austral land; austral ocean.
Australasian	Of or pertaining to Australasia; as, Australasian regions.
Australasian	A native or an inhabitant of Australasia.
Australian	Of or pertaining to Australia.
Australian	A native or an inhabitant of Australia.
Australize	To tend toward the south pole, as a magnet.
Austrian	Of or pertaining to Austria, or to its inhabitants.
Austrian	A native or an inhabitant of Austria.
Austrine	Southern; southerly; austral.
Austro-Hungarian	Of or pertaining to the monarchy composed of Austria and Hungary.
Austromancy	Soothsaying, or prediction of events, from observation of the winds.
Autarchy	Self-sufficiency.
Authentic	Having a genuine original or authority, in opposition to that which is false, fictitious, counterfeit, or apocryphal; being what it purports to be; genuine; not of doubtful origin; real; as, an authentic paper or register.
Authentic	Authoritative.
Authentic	Of approved authority; true; trustworthy; credible; as, an authentic writer; an authentic portrait; authentic information.
Authentic	Vested with all due formalities, and legally attested.
Authentic	Having as immediate relation to the tonic, in distinction from plagal, which has a correspondent relation to the dominant in the octave below the tonic.
Authentic	An original (book or document).
Authentical	Authentic.
Authentically	In an authentic manner; with the requisite or genuine authority.
Authenticalness	The quality of being authentic; authenticity.
Authenticated	of Authenticate
Authenticating	of Authenticate
Authenticate	To render authentic; to give authority to, by the proof, attestation, or formalities required by law, or sufficient to entitle to credit.
Authenticate	To prove authentic; to determine as real and true; as, to authenticate a portrait.
Authenticity	The quality of being authentic or of established authority for truth and correctness.
Authenticity	Genuineness; the quality of being genuine or not corrupted from the original.
Authenticly	Authentically.
Authenticness	The quality of being authentic; authenticity.
Authentics	A collection of the Novels or New Constitutions of Justinian, by an anonymous author; -- so called on account of its authenticity.
Author	The beginner, former, or first mover of anything; hence, the efficient cause of a thing; a creator; an originator.
Author	One who composes or writes a book; a composer, as distinguished from an editor, translator, or compiler.
Author	The editor of a periodical.
Author	An informant.
Author	To occasion; to originate.
Author	To tell; to say; to declare.
Authoress	A female author.
Authorial	Of or pertaining to an author.
Authorism	Authorship.
Authoritative	Having, or proceeding from, due authority; entitled to obedience, credit, or acceptance; determinate; commanding.
Authoritative	Having an air of authority; positive; dictatorial; peremptory; as, an authoritative tone.
Authorities	of Authority
Authority	Legal or rightful power; a right to command or to act; power exercised buy a person in virtue of his office or trust; dominion; jurisdiction; authorization; as, the authority of a prince over subjects, and of parents over children; the authority of a court.
Authority	Government; the persons or the body exercising power or command; as, the local authorities of the States; the military authorities.
Authority	The power derived from opinion, respect, or esteem; influence of character, office, or station, or mental or moral superiority, and the like; claim to be believed or obeyed; as, an historian of no authority; a magistrate of great authority.
Authority	That which, or one who, is claimed or appealed to in support of opinions, actions, measures, etc.
Authority	Testimony; witness.
Authority	A precedent; a decision of a court, an official declaration, or an opinion, saying, or statement worthy to be taken as a precedent.
Authority	A book containing such a statement or opinion, or the author of the book.
Authority	Justification; warrant.
Authorizable	Capable of being authorized.
Authorization	The act of giving authority or legal power; establishment by authority; sanction or warrant.
Authorized	of Authorize
Authorizing	of Authorize
Authorize	To clothe with authority, warrant, or legal power; to give a right to act; to empower; as, to authorize commissioners to settle a boundary.
Authorize	To make legal; to give legal sanction to; to legalize; as, to authorize a marriage.
Authorize	To establish by authority, as by usage or public opinion; to sanction; as, idioms authorized by usage.
Authorize	To sanction or confirm by the authority of some one; to warrant; as, to authorize a report.
Authorize	To justify; to furnish a ground for.
Authorized	Possessed of or endowed with authority; as, an authorized agent.
Authorized	Sanctioned by authority.
Authorizer	One who authorizes.
Authorless	Without an author; without authority; anonymous.
Authorly	Authorial.
Authorship	The quality or state of being an author; function or dignity of an author.
Authorship	Source; origin; origination; as, the authorship of a book or review, or of an act, or state of affairs.
Authotype	A type or block containing a facsimile of an autograph.
Auto-	A combining form, with the meaning of self, one's self, one's own, itself, its own.
Autobiographer	One who writers his own life or biography.
Autobiographic	Alt. of Autobiographical
Autobiographical	Pertaining to, or containing, autobiography; as, an autobiographical sketch.
Autobiographist	One who writes his own life; an autobiographer.
Autobiographies	of Autobiography
Autobiography	A biography written by the subject of it; memoirs of one's life written by one's self.
Autocarpous	Alt. of Autocarpian
Autocarpian	Consisting of the ripened pericarp with no other parts adnate to it, as a peach, a poppy capsule, or a grape.
Autocephalous	Having its own head; independent of episcopal or patriarchal jurisdiction, as certain Greek churches.
Autochronograph	An instrument for the instantaneous self-recording or printing of time.
Authochthons	of Autochthon
Autochthones	of Autochthon
Autochthon	One who is supposed to rise or spring from the ground or the soil he inhabits; one of the original inhabitants or aborigines; a native; -- commonly in the plural. This title was assumed by the ancient Greeks, particularly the Athenians.
Autochthon	That which is original to a particular country, or which had there its origin.
Autochthonal	Alt. of Autochthonous
Authochthonic	Alt. of Autochthonous
Autochthonous	Aboriginal; indigenous; native.
Autochthonism	The state of being autochthonal.
Autochthony	An aboriginal or autochthonous condition.
Autoclave	A kind of French stewpan with a steam-tight lid.
Autocracies	of Autocracy
Autocracy	Independent or self-derived power; absolute or controlling authority; supremacy.
Autocracy	Supreme, uncontrolled, unlimited authority, or right of governing in a single person, as of an autocrat.
Autocracy	Political independence or absolute sovereignty (of a state); autonomy.
Autocracy	The action of the vital principle, or of the instinctive powers, toward the preservation of the individual; also, the vital principle.
Autocrat	An absolute sovereign; a monarch who holds and exercises the powers of government by claim of absolute right, not subject to restriction; as, Autocrat of all the Russias (a title of the Czar).
Autocrat	One who rules with undisputed sway in any company or relation; a despot.
Autocratic	Alt. of Autocratical
Autocratical	Of or pertaining to autocracy or to an autocrat; absolute; holding independent and arbitrary powers of government.
Autocrator	An autocrat.
Autocratorical	Pertaining to an autocrator; absolute.
Autocratrix	A female sovereign who is independent and absolute; -- a title given to the empresses of Russia.
Autocratship	The office or dignity of an autocrat.
Autos-da-fe	of Auto-da-fe
Auto-da-fe	A judgment of the Inquisition in Spain and Portugal condemning or acquitting persons accused of religious offenses.
Auto-da-fe	An execution of such sentence, by the civil power, esp. the burning of a heretic. It was usually held on Sunday, and was made a great public solemnity by impressive forms and ceremonies.
Auto-da-fe	A session of the court of Inquisition.
Autos-de-fe	of Auto-de-fe
Auto-de-fe	Same as Auto-da-fe.
Autodidact	One who is self-taught; an automath.
Autodynamic	Supplying its own power; -- applied to an instrument of the nature of a water-ram.
Autofecundation	Self-impregnation.
Autogamous	Characterized by autogamy; self-fertilized.
Autogamy	Self-fertilization, the fertilizing pollen being derived from the same blossom as the pistil acted upon.
Autogeneal	Self-produced; autogenous.
Autogenesis	Spontaneous generation.
Autogenetic	Relating to autogenesis; self-generated.
Autogenous	Self-generated; produced independently.
Autogenous	Developed from an independent center of ossification.
Autogenously	In an autogenous manner; spontaneously.
Autograph	That which is written with one's own hand; an original manuscript; a person's own signature or handwriting.
Autograph	In one's own handwriting; as, an autograph letter; an autograph will.
Autographal	Autographic.
Autographic	Alt. of Autographical
Autographical	Pertaining to an autograph, or one's own handwriting; of the nature of an autograph.
Autographical	Pertaining to, or used in, the process of autography; as, autographic ink, paper, or press.
Autography	The science of autographs; a person's own handwriting; an autograph.
Autography	A process in lithography by which a writing or drawing is transferred from paper to stone.
Autolatry	Self-worship.
Automath	One who is self-taught.
Automatic	Alt. of Automatical
Automatical	Having an inherent power of action or motion.
Automatical	Pertaining to, or produced by, an automaton; of the nature of an automaton; self-acting or self-regulating under fixed conditions; -- esp. applied to machinery or devices in which certain things formerly or usually done by hand are done by the machine or device itself; as, the automatic feed of a lathe; automatic gas lighting; an automatic engine or switch; an automatic mouse.
Automatical	Not voluntary; not depending on the will; mechanical; as, automatic movements or functions.
Automatically	In an automatic manner.
Automatism	The state or quality of being automatic; the power of self-moving; automatic, mechanical, or involuntary action. (Metaph.) A theory as to the activity of matter.
Automata	of Automaton
Automatons	of Automaton
Automaton	Any thing or being regarded as having the power of spontaneous motion or action.
Automaton	A self-moving machine, or one which has its motive power within itself; -- applied chiefly to machines which appear to imitate spontaneously the motions of living beings, such as men, birds, etc.
Automatous	Automatic.
Automorphic	Patterned after one's self.
Automorphism	Automorphic characterization.
Autonomasy	The use of a word of common or general signification for the name of a particular thing; as, "He has gone to town," for, "He has gone to London."
Autonomic	Having the power of self-government; autonomous.
Autoomist	One who advocates autonomy.
Autonomous	Independent in government; having the right or power of self-government.
Autonomous	Having independent existence or laws.
Autonomy	The power or right of self-government; self-government, or political independence, of a city or a state.
Autonomy	The sovereignty of reason in the sphere of morals; or man's power, as possessed of reason, to give law to himself. In this, according to Kant, consist the true nature and only possible proof of liberty.
Autophagi	Birds which are able to run about and obtain their own food as soon as hatched.
Autophoby	Fear of one's self; fear of being egotistical.
Autophony	An auscultatory process, which consists in noting the tone of the observer's own voice, while he speaks, holding his head close to the patient's chest.
Autoplastic	Of or pertaining to autoplasty.
Autoplasty	The process of artificially repairing lesions by taking a piece of healthy tissue, as from a neighboring part, to supply the deficiency caused by disease or wounds.
Autopsic	Alt. of Autopsical
Autopsical	Pertaining to autopsy; autoptical.
Autopsorin	That which is given under the doctrine of administering a patient's own virus.
Autopsy	Personal observation or examination; seeing with one's own eyes; ocular view.
Autopsy	Dissection of a dead body, for the purpose of ascertaining the cause, seat, or nature of a disease; a post-mortem examination.
Autoptic	Alt. of Autoptical
Autoptical	Seen with one's own eyes; belonging to, or connected with, personal observation; as, autoptic testimony or experience.
Autoptically	By means of ocular view, or one's own observation.
Autoschediastic	Alt. of Autoschediastical
Autoschediastical	Extemporary; offhand.
Autostylic	Having the mandibular arch articulated directly to the cranium, as in the skulls of the Amphibia.
Autotheism	The doctrine of God's self-existence.
Autotheism	Deification of one's self; self-worship.
Autotheist	One given to self-worship.
Autotype	A facsimile.
Autotype	A photographic picture produced in sensitized pigmented gelatin by exposure to light under a negative; and subsequent washing out of the soluble parts; a kind of picture in ink from a gelatin plate.
Autotypography	A process resembling "nature printing," by which drawings executed on gelatin are impressed into a soft metal plate, from which the printing is done as from copperplate.
Autotypy	The art or process of making autotypes.
Autumn	The third season of the year, or the season between summer and winter, often called "the fall." Astronomically, it begins in the northern temperate zone at the autumnal equinox, about September 23, and ends at the winter solstice, about December 23; but in popular language, autumn, in America, comprises September, October, and November.
Autumn	The harvest or fruits of autumn.
Autumn	The time of maturity or decline; latter portion; third stage.
Autumnal	Of, belonging to, or peculiar to, autumn; as, an autumnal tint; produced or gathered in autumn; as, autumnal fruits; flowering in autumn; as, an autumnal plant.
Autumnal	Past the middle of life; in the third stage.
Auxanometer	An instrument to measure the growth of plants.
Auxesis	A figure by which a grave and magnificent word is put for the proper word; amplification; hyperbole.
Auxetic	Pertaining to, or containing, auxesis; amplifying.
Auxiliar	Auxiliary.
Auxiliar	An auxiliary.
Auxiliarly	By way of help.
Auxiliary	Conferring aid or help; helping; aiding; assisting; subsidiary; as auxiliary troops.
Auxiliaries	of Auxiliary
Auxiliary	A helper; an assistant; a confederate in some action or enterprise.
Auxiliary	Foreign troops in the service of a nation at war; (rarely in sing.), a member of the allied or subsidiary force.
Auxiliary	A verb which helps to form the voices, modes, and tenses of other verbs; -- called, also, an auxiliary verb; as, have, be, may, can, do, must, shall, and will, in English; etre and avoir, in French; avere and essere, in Italian; estar and haber, in Spanish.
Auxiliary	A quantity introduced for the purpose of simplifying or facilitating some operation, as in equations or trigonometrical formulae.
Auxiliatory	Auxiliary; helping.
Ava	Same as Kava.
Avadavat	Same as Amadavat.
Availed	of Avail
Availing	of Avail
Avail	To turn to the advantage of; to be of service to; to profit; to benefit; to help; as, artifices will not avail the sinner in the day of judgment.
Avail	To promote; to assist.
Avail	To be of use or advantage; to answer the purpose; to have strength, force, or efficacy sufficient to accomplish the object; as, the plea in bar must avail, that is, be sufficient to defeat the suit; this scheme will not avail; medicines will not avail to check the disease.
Avail	Profit; advantage toward success; benefit; value; as, labor, without economy, is of little avail.
Avail	Proceeds; as, the avails of a sale by auction.
Avail	See Avale, v.
Availabilities	of Availability
Availability	The quality of being available; availableness.
Availability	That which is available.
Available	Having sufficient power, force, or efficacy, for the object; effectual; valid; as, an available plea.
Available	Such as one may avail one's self of; capable of being used for the accomplishment of a purpose; usable; profitable; advantageous; convertible into a resource; as, an available measure; an available candidate.
Availableness	Competent power; validity; efficacy; as, the availableness of a title.
Availableness	Quality of being available; capability of being used for the purpose intended.
Avaiably	In an available manner; profitably; advantageously; efficaciously.
Availment	Profit; advantage.
Avalanche	A large mass or body of snow and ice sliding swiftly down a mountain side, or falling down a precipice.
Avalanche	A fall of earth, rocks, etc., similar to that of an avalanche of snow or ice.
Avalanche	A sudden, great, or irresistible descent or influx of anything.
Avale	To cause to descend; to lower; to let fall; to doff.
Avale	To bring low; to abase.
Avale	To descend; to fall; to dismount.
Avant	The front of an army. [Obs.] See Van.
Avant-courier	A person dispatched before another person or company, to give notice of his or their approach.
Avant-guard	The van or advanced body of an army. See Vanguard.
Avarice	An excessive or inordinate desire of gain; greediness after wealth; covetousness; cupidity.
Avarice	An inordinate desire for some supposed good.
Avaricious	Actuated by avarice; greedy of gain; immoderately desirous of accumulating property.
Avarous	Avaricious.
Avast	Cease; stop; stay.
Avatar	The descent of a deity to earth, and his incarnation as a man or an animal; -- chiefly associated with the incarnations of Vishnu.
Avatar	Incarnation; manifestation as an object of worship or admiration.
Avaunce	To advance; to profit.
Avaunt	Begone; depart; -- a word of contempt or abhorrence, equivalent to the phrase "Get thee gone."
Avaunt	To advance; to move forward; to elevate.
Avaunt	To depart; to move away.
Avaunt	To vaunt; to boast.
Avaunt	A vaunt; to boast.
Avauntour	A boaster.
Ave	An ave Maria.
Ave	A reverential salutation.
Avel	To pull away.
Avellane	In the form of four unhusked filberts; as, an avellane cross.
Ave Maria	Alt. of Ave Mary
Ave Mary	A salutation and prayer to the Virgin Mary, as mother of God; -- used in the Roman Catholic church.
Ave Mary	A particular time (as in Italy, at the ringing of the bells about half an hour after sunset, and also at early dawn), when the people repeat the Ave Maria.
Avena	A genus of grasses, including the common oat (Avena sativa); the oat grasses.
Avenaceous	Belonging to, or resembling, oats or the oat grasses.
Avenage	A quantity of oats paid by a tenant to a landlord in lieu of rent.
Avener	An officer of the king's stables whose duty it was to provide oats for the horses.
Avenged	of Avenge
Avenging	of Avenge
Avenge	To take vengeance for; to exact satisfaction for by punishing the injuring party; to vindicate by inflicting pain or evil on a wrongdoer.
Avenge	To treat revengefully; to wreak vengeance on.
Avenge	To take vengeance.
Avenge	Vengeance; revenge.
Avengeance	Vengeance.
Avengeful	Vengeful.
Avengement	The inflicting of retributive punishment; satisfaction taken.
Avenger	One who avenges or vindicates; as, an avenger of blood.
Avenger	One who takes vengeance.
Avengeress	A female avenger.
Avenious	Being without veins or nerves, as the leaves of certain plants.
Avenor	See Avener.
Avens	A plant of the genus Geum, esp. Geum urbanum, or herb bennet.
Aventail	The movable front to a helmet; the ventail.
Aventine	Pertaining to Mons Aventinus, one of the seven hills on which Rome stood.
Aventine	A post of security or defense.
Aventre	To thrust forward (at a venture), as a spear.
Aventure	Accident; chance; adventure.
Aventure	A mischance causing a person's death without felony, as by drowning, or falling into the fire.
Aventurine	A kind of glass, containing gold-colored spangles. It was produced in the first place by the accidental (par aventure) dropping of some brass filings into a pot of melted glass.
Aventurine	A variety of translucent quartz, spangled throughout with scales of yellow mica.
Avenue	A way or opening for entrance into a place; a passage by which a place may by reached; a way of approach or of exit.
Avenue	The principal walk or approach to a house which is withdrawn from the road, especially, such approach bordered on each side by trees; any broad passageway thus bordered.
Avenue	A broad street; as, the Fifth Avenue in New York.
Aver	A work horse, or working ox.
Averred	of Aver
Averring	of Aver
Aver	To assert, or prove, the truth of.
Aver	To avouch or verify; to offer to verify; to prove or justify. See Averment.
Aver	To affirm with confidence; to declare in a positive manner, as in confidence of asserting the truth.
Average	That service which a tenant owed his lord, to be done by the work beasts of the tenant, as the carriage of wheat, turf, etc.
Average	A tariff or duty on goods, etc.
Average	Any charge in addition to the regular charge for freight of goods shipped.
Average	A contribution to a loss or charge which has been imposed upon one of several for the general benefit; damage done by sea perils.
Average	The equitable and proportionate distribution of loss or expense among all interested.
Average	A mean proportion, medial sum or quantity, made out of unequal sums or quantities; an arithmetical mean. Thus, if A loses 5 dollars, B 9, and C 16, the sum is 30, and the average 10.
Average	Any medial estimate or general statement derived from a comparison of diverse specific cases; a medium or usual size, quantity, quality, rate, etc.
Average	In the English corn trade, the medial price of the several kinds of grain in the principal corn markets.
Average	Pertaining to an average or mean; medial; containing a mean proportion; of a mean size, quality, ability, etc.; ordinary; usual; as, an average rate of profit; an average amount of rain; the average Englishman; beings of the average stamp.
Average	According to the laws of averages; as, the loss must be made good by average contribution.
Averaged	of Average
Averaging	of Average
Average	To find the mean of, when sums or quantities are unequal; to reduce to a mean.
Average	To divide among a number, according to a given proportion; as, to average a loss.
Average	To do, accomplish, get, etc., on an average.
Average	To form, or exist in, a mean or medial sum or quantity; to amount to, or to be, on an average; as, the losses of the owners will average twenty five dollars each; these spars average ten feet in length.
Avercorn	A reserved rent in corn, formerly paid to religious houses by their tenants or farmers.
Averment	The act of averring, or that which is averred; affirmation; positive assertion.
Averment	Verification; establishment by evidence.
Averment	A positive statement of facts; an allegation; an offer to justify or prove what is alleged.
Avernal	Alt. of Avernian
Avernian	Of or pertaining to Avernus, a lake of Campania, in Italy, famous for its poisonous vapors, which ancient writers fancied were so malignant as to kill birds flying over it. It was represented by the poets to be connected with the infernal regions.
Averpenny	Money paid by a tenant in lieu of the service of average.
Averroism	The tenets of the Averroists.
Averroist	One of a sect of peripatetic philosophers, who appeared in Italy before the restoration of learning; so denominated from Averroes, or Averrhoes, a celebrated Arabian philosopher. He held the doctrine of monopsychism.
Averruncate	To avert; to ward off.
Averruncate	To root up.
Averruncation	The act of averting.
Averruncation	Eradication.
Averruncator	An instrument for pruning trees, consisting of two blades, or a blade and a hook, fixed on the end of a long rod.
Aversation	A turning from with dislike; aversion.
Averse	Turned away or backward.
Averse	Having a repugnance or opposition of mind; disliking; disinclined; unwilling; reluctant.
Averse	To turn away.
Aversely	Backward; in a backward direction; as, emitted aversely.
Aversely	With repugnance or aversion; unwillingly.
Averseness	The quality of being averse; opposition of mind; unwillingness.
Aversion	A turning away.
Aversion	Opposition or repugnance of mind; fixed dislike; antipathy; disinclination; reluctance.
Aversion	The object of dislike or repugnance.
Averted	of Avert
Averting	of Avert
Avert	To turn aside, or away; as, to avert the eyes from an object; to ward off, or prevent, the occurrence or effects of; as, how can the danger be averted?  "To avert his ire."
Avert	To turn away.
Averted	Turned away, esp. as an expression of feeling; also, offended; unpropitious.
Averter	One who, or that which, averts.
Avertible	Capable of being averted; preventable.
Avertiment	Advertisement.
Aves	The class of Vertebrata that includes the birds.
Avesta	The Zoroastrian scriptures. See Zend-Avesta.
Avian	Of or instrument to birds.
Aviaries	of Aviary
Aviary	A house, inclosure, large cage, or other place, for keeping birds confined; a bird house.
Aviation	The art or science of flying.
Aviator	An experimenter in aviation.
Aviator	A flying machine.
Avicula	A genus of marine bivalves, having a pearly interior, allied to the pearl oyster; -- so called from a supposed resemblance of the typical species to a bird.
Avicular	Of or pertaining to a bird or to birds.
Avicularia	See prehensile processes on the cells of some Bryozoa, often having the shape of a bird's bill.
Aviculture	Rearing and care of birds.
Avid	Longing eagerly for; eager; greedy.
Avidious	Avid.
Avidiously	Eagerly; greedily.
Avidity	Greediness; strong appetite; eagerness; intenseness of desire; as, to eat with avidity.
Avie	Emulously.
Avifauna	The birds, or all the kinds of birds, inhabiting a region.
Avigato	See Avocado.
Avignon berry	The fruit of the Rhamnus infectorius, eand of other species of the same genus; -- so called from the city of Avignon, in France. It is used by dyers and painters for coloring yellow. Called also French berry.
Avile	To abase or debase; to vilify; to depreciate.
Avis	Advice; opinion; deliberation.
Avise	To look at; to view; to think of.
Avise	To advise; to counsel.
Avise	To consider; to reflect.
Aviseful	Watchful; circumspect.
Avisely	Advisedly.
Avisement	Advisement; observation; deliberation.
Avision	Vision.
Aviso	Information; advice.
Aviso	An advice boat, or dispatch boat.
Avocado	The pulpy fruit of Persea gratissima, a tree of tropical America. It is about the size and shape of a large pear; -- called also avocado pear, alligator pear, midshipman's butter.
Avocat	An advocate.
Avocate	To call off or away; to withdraw; to transfer to another tribunal.
Avocation	A calling away; a diversion.
Avocation	That which calls one away from one's regular employment or vocation.
Avocation	Pursuits; duties; affairs which occupy one's time; usual employment; vocation.
Avocative	Calling off.
Avocative	That which calls aside; a dissuasive.
Avocet	Alt. of Avoset
Avoset	A grallatorial bird, of the genus Recurvirostra; the scooper. The bill is long and bend upward toward the tip. The American species is R. Americana.
Avoided	of Avoid
Avoiding	of Avoid
Avoid	To empty.
Avoid	To emit or throw out; to void; as, to avoid excretions.
Avoid	To quit or evacuate; to withdraw from.
Avoid	To make void; to annul or vacate; to refute.
Avoid	To keep away from; to keep clear of; to endeavor no to meet; to shun; to abstain from; as, to avoid the company of gamesters.
Avoid	To get rid of.
Avoid	To defeat or evade; to invalidate. Thus, in a replication, the plaintiff may deny the defendant's plea, or confess it, and avoid it by stating new matter.
Avoid	To retire; to withdraw.
Avoid	To become void or vacant.
Avoidable	Capable of being vacated; liable to be annulled or made invalid; voidable.
Avoidable	Capable of being avoided, shunned, or escaped.
Avoidance	The act of annulling; annulment.
Avoidance	The act of becoming vacant, or the state of being vacant; -- specifically used for the state of a benefice becoming void by the death, deprivation, or resignation of the incumbent.
Avoidance	A dismissing or a quitting; removal; withdrawal.
Avoidance	The act of avoiding or shunning; keeping clear of.
Avoidance	The courts by which anything is carried off.
Avoider	The person who carries anything away, or the vessel in which things are carried away.
Avoider	One who avoids, shuns, or escapes.
Avoidless	Unavoidable; inevitable.
Avoirdupois	Goods sold by weight.
Avoirdupois	Avoirdupois weight.
Avoirdupois	Weight; heaviness; as, a woman of much avoirdupois.
Avoke	To call from or back again.
Avolate	To fly away; to escape; to exhale.
Avolation	The act of flying; flight; evaporation.
Avoset	Same as Avocet.
Avouched	of Avouch
Avouching	of Avouch
Avouch	To appeal to; to cite or claim as authority.
Avouch	To maintain a just or true; to vouch for.
Avouch	To declare or assert positively and as matter of fact; to affirm openly.
Avouch	To acknowledge deliberately; to admit; to confess; to sanction.
Avouch	Evidence; declaration.
Avouchable	Capable of being avouched.
Avoucher	One who avouches.
Avouchment	The act of avouching; positive declaration.
Avoutrer	See Advoutrer.
Avoutrie	Adultery.
Avowed	of Avow
Avowing	of Avow
Avow	To declare openly, as something believed to be right; to own or acknowledge frankly; as, a man avows his principles or his crimes.
Avow	To acknowledge and justify, as an act done. See Avowry.
Avow	Avowal.
Avow	To bind, or to devote, by a vow.
Avow	A vow or determination.
Avowable	Capable of being avowed, or openly acknowledged, with confidence.
Avowal	An open declaration; frank acknowledgment; as, an avowal of such principles.
Avowance	Act of avowing; avowal.
Avowance	Upholding; defense; vindication.
Avowant	The defendant in replevin, who avows the distress of the goods, and justifies the taking.
Avowed	Openly acknowledged or declared; admitted.
Avowee	The person who has a right to present to a benefice; the patron; an advowee. See Advowson.
Avower	One who avows or asserts.
Avowry	An advocate; a patron; a patron saint.
Avowry	The act of the distrainer of goods, who, in an action of replevin, avows and justifies the taking in his own right.
Avowtry	Adultery. See Advoutry.
Avoyer	A chief magistrate of a free imperial city or canton of Switzerland.
Avulse	To pluck or pull off.
Avulsion	A tearing asunder; a forcible separation.
Avulsion	A fragment torn off.
Avulsion	The sudden removal of lands or soil from the estate of one man to that of another by an inundation or a current, or by a sudden change in the course of a river by which a part of the estate of one man is cut off and joined to the estate of another. The property in the part thus separated, or cut off, continues in the original owner.
Avuncular	Of or pertaining to an uncle.
Awaited	of Await
Awaiting	of Await
Await	To watch for; to look out for.
Await	To wait on, serve, or attend.
Await	To wait for; to stay for; to expect. See Expect.
Await	To be in store for; to be ready or in waiting for; as, a glorious reward awaits the good.
Await	To watch.
Await	To wait (on or upon).
Await	To wait; to stay in waiting.
Await	A waiting for; ambush; watch; watching; heed.
Awoke	of Awake
Awaked	of Awake
Awaked	of Awake
Awaken	of Awake
Awoken	of Awake
Awaking	of Awake
Awoke	of Awake
Awake	To rouse from sleep; to wake; to awaken.
Awake	To rouse from a state resembling sleep, as from death, stupidity., or inaction; to put into action; to give new life to; to stir up; as, to awake the dead; to awake the dormant faculties.
Awake	To cease to sleep; to come out of a state of natural sleep; and, figuratively, out of a state resembling sleep, as inaction or death.
Awake	Not sleeping or lethargic; roused from sleep; in a state of vigilance or action.
Awakened	of Awaken
Awakening	of Awaken
Awaken	To rouse from sleep or torpor; to awake; to wake.
Awakener	One who, or that which, awakens.
Awakening	Rousing from sleep, in a natural or a figurative sense; rousing into activity; exciting; as, the awakening city; an awakening discourse; the awakening dawn.
Awakening	The act of awaking, or ceasing to sleep. Specifically: A revival of religion, or more general attention to religious matters than usual.
Awakenment	An awakening.
Awanting	Missing; wanting.
Awarded	of Award
Awarding	of Award
Award	To give by sentence or judicial determination; to assign or apportion, after careful regard to the nature of the case; to adjudge; as, the arbitrators awarded damages to the complainant.
Award	To determine; to make an award.
Award	A judgment, sentence, or final decision. Specifically: The decision of arbitrators in a case submitted.
Award	The paper containing the decision of arbitrators; that which is warded.
Awarder	One who awards, or assigns by sentence or judicial determination; a judge.
Aware	Watchful; vigilant or on one's guard against danger or difficulty.
Aware	Apprised; informed; cognizant; conscious; as, he was aware of the enemy's designs.
Awarn	To warn.
Awash	Washed by the waves or tide; -- said of a rock or strip of shore, or (Naut.) of an anchor, etc., when flush with the surface of the water, so that the waves break over it.
Away	From a place; hence.
Away	Absent; gone; at a distance; as, the master is away from home.
Away	Aside; off; in another direction.
Away	From a state or condition of being; out of existence.
Away	By ellipsis of the verb, equivalent to an imperative: Go or come away; begone; take away.
Away	On; in continuance; without intermission or delay; as, sing away.
Away-going	Sown during the last years of a tenancy, but not ripe until after its expiration; -- said of crops.
Awayward	Turned away; away.
Awe	Dread; great fear mingled with respect.
Awe	The emotion inspired by something dreadful and sublime; an undefined sense of the dreadful and the sublime; reverential fear, or solemn wonder; profound reverence.
Awed	of Awe
Awing	of Awe
Awe	To strike with fear and reverence; to inspire with awe; to control by inspiring dread.
Awearied	Wearied.
Aweary	Weary.
Aweather	On the weather side, or toward the wind; in the direction from which the wind blows; -- opposed to alee; as, helm aweather!
Aweigh	Just drawn out of the ground, and hanging perpendicularly; atrip; -- said of the anchor.
Aweless	See Awless.
Awesome	Causing awe; appalling; awful; as, an awesome sight.
Awesome	Expressive of awe or terror.
Awesomeness	The quality of being awesome.
Awe-stricken	Awe-struck.
Awe-struck	Struck with awe.
Awful	Oppressing with fear or horror; appalling; terrible; as, an awful scene.
Awful	Inspiring awe; filling with profound reverence, or with fear and admiration; fitted to inspire reverential fear; profoundly impressive.
Awful	Struck or filled with awe; terror-stricken.
Awful	Worshipful; reverential; law-abiding.
Awful	Frightful; exceedingly bad; great; -- applied intensively; as, an awful bonnet; an awful boaster.
Awfully	In an awful manner; in a manner to fill with terror or awe; fearfully; reverently.
Awfully	Very; excessively.
Awfulness	The quality of striking with awe, or with reverence; dreadfulness; solemnity; as, the awfulness of this sacred place.
Awfulness	The state of being struck with awe; a spirit of solemnity; profound reverence.
Awhape	To confound; to terrify; to amaze.
Awhile	For a while; for some time; for a short time.
Awing	On the wing; flying; fluttering.
Awk	Odd; out of order; perverse.
Awk	Wrong, or not commonly used; clumsy; sinister; as, the awk end of a rod (the but end).
Awk	Clumsy in performance or manners; unhandy; not dexterous; awkward.
Awk	Perversely; in the wrong way.
Awkly	In an unlucky (left-handed) or perverse manner.
Awkly	Awkwardly.
Awkward	Wanting dexterity in the use of the hands, or of instruments; not dexterous; without skill; clumsy; wanting ease, grace, or effectiveness in movement; ungraceful; as, he was awkward at a trick; an awkward boy.
Awkward	Not easily managed or effected; embarrassing.
Awkward	Perverse; adverse; untoward.
Awl	A pointed instrument for piercing small holes, as in leather or wood; used by shoemakers, saddlers, cabinetmakers, etc. The blade is differently shaped and pointed for different uses, as in the brad awl, saddler's awl, shoemaker's awl, etc.
Awless	Wanting reverence; void of respectful fear.
Awless	Inspiring no awe.
Awlessness	The quality of being awless.
Awl-shaped	Shaped like an awl.
Awl-shaped	Subulate. See Subulate.
Awlwort	A plant (Subularia aquatica), with awl-shaped leaves.
Awm	See Aam.
Awn	The bristle or beard of barley, oats, grasses, etc., or any similar bristlelike appendage; arista.
Awned	Furnished with an awn, or long bristle-shaped tip; bearded.
Awning	A rooflike cover, usually of canvas, extended over or before any place as a shelter from the sun, rain, or wind.
Awning	That part of the poop deck which is continued forward beyond the bulkhead of the cabin.
Awninged	Furnished with an awning.
Awnless	Without awns or beard.
Awny	Having awns; bearded.
Awork	At work; in action.
Aworking	At work; in action.
Awreak	Alt. of Awreke
Awreke	To avenge. [Obs.] See Wreak.
Awrong	Wrongly.
Awry	Turned or twisted toward one side; not in a straight or true direction, or position; out of the right course; distorted; obliquely; asquint; with oblique vision; as, to glance awry.
Awry	Aside from the line of truth, or right reason; unreasonable or unreasonably; perverse or perversely.
Awsome	Same as Awesome.
Ax	Alt. of Axe
Axe	A tool or instrument of steel, or of iron with a steel edge or blade, for felling trees, chopping and splitting wood, hewing timber, etc. It is wielded by a wooden helve or handle, so fixed in a socket or eye as to be in the same plane with the blade. The broadax, or carpenter's ax, is an ax for hewing timber, made heavier than the chopping ax, and with a broader and thinner blade and a shorter handle.
Ax	To ask; to inquire or inquire of.
Axal	[See Axial.]
Axe	Alt. of Axeman
Axeman	See Ax, Axman.
Axial	Of or pertaining to an axis; of the nature of, or resembling, an axis; around an axis.
Axial	Belonging to the axis of the body; as, the axial skeleton; or to the axis of any appendage or organ; as, the axial bones.
Axially	In relation to, or in a line with, an axis; in the axial (magnetic) line.
Axil	The angle or point of divergence between the upper side of a branch, leaf, or petiole, and the stem or branch from which it springs.
Axile	Situated in the axis of anything; as an embryo which lies in the axis of a seed.
Axillae	of Axilla
Axilla	The armpit, or the cavity beneath the junction of the arm and shoulder.
Axilla	An axil.
Axillar	Axillary.
Axillaries	Alt. of Axillars
Axillars	Feathers connecting the under surface of the wing and the body, and concealed by the closed wing.
Axillary	Of or pertaining to the axilla or armpit; as, axillary gland, artery, nerve.
Axillary	Situated in, or rising from, an axil; of or pertaining to an axil.
Axinite	A borosilicate of alumina, iron, and lime, commonly found in glassy, brown crystals with acute edges.
Axinomancy	A species of divination, by means of an ax or hatchet.
Axiom	A self-evident and necessary truth, or a proposition whose truth is so evident as first sight that no reasoning or demonstration can make it plainer; a proposition which it is necessary to take for granted; as, "The whole is greater than a part;"  "A thing can not, at the same time, be and not be."
Axiom	An established principle in some art or science, which, though not a necessary truth, is universally received; as, the axioms of political economy.
Axiomatic	Alt. of Axiomatical
Axiomatical	Of or pertaining to an axiom; having the nature of an axiom; self-evident; characterized by axioms.
Axiomatically	By the use of axioms; in the form of an axiom.
Axis	The spotted deer (Cervus axis or Axis maculata) of India, where it is called hog deer and parrah (Moorish name).
Axes	of Axis
Axis	A straight line, real or imaginary, passing through a body, on which it revolves, or may be supposed to revolve; a line passing through a body or system around which the parts are symmetrically arranged.
Axis	A straight line with respect to which the different parts of a magnitude are symmetrically arranged; as, the axis of a cylinder, i. e., the axis of a cone, that is, the straight line joining the vertex and the center of the base; the axis of a circle, any straight line passing through the center.
Axis	The stem; the central part, or longitudinal support, on which organs or parts are arranged; the central line of any body.
Axis	The second vertebra of the neck, or vertebra dentata.
Axis	Also used of the body only of the vertebra, which is prolonged anteriorly within the foramen of the first vertebra or atlas, so as to form the odontoid process or peg which serves as a pivot for the atlas and head to turn upon.
Axis	One of several imaginary lines, assumed in describing the position of the planes by which a crystal is bounded.
Axis	The primary or secondary central line of any design.
Axle	The pin or spindle on which a wheel revolves, or which revolves with a wheel.
Axle	A transverse bar or shaft connecting the opposite wheels of a car or carriage; an axletree.
Axle	An axis; as, the sun's axle.
Axle box	A bushing in the hub of a wheel, through which the axle passes.
Axle box	The journal box of a rotating axle, especially a railway axle.
Axled	Having an axle; -- used in composition.
Axle guard	The part of the framing of a railway car or truck, by which an axle box is held laterally, and in which it may move vertically; -- also called a jaw in the United States, and a housing in England.
Axletree	A bar or beam of wood or iron, connecting the opposite wheels of a carriage, on the ends of which the wheels revolve.
Axletree	A spindle or axle of a wheel.
Axmen	of Axman
Axman	One who wields an ax.
Axminster	An Axminster carpet, an imitation Turkey carpet, noted for its thick and soft pile; -- so called from Axminster, Eng.
Axolotl	An amphibian of the salamander tribe found in the elevated lakes of Mexico; the siredon.
Axstone	A variety of jade. It is used by some savages, particularly the natives of the South Sea Islands, for making axes or hatchets.
Axtree	Axle or axletree.
Axunge	Fat; grease; esp. the fat of pigs or geese; usually (Pharm.), lard prepared for medical use.
Ay	Ah! alas!
Ay	Same as Aye.
Ayah	A native nurse for children; also, a lady's maid.
Aye	Alt. of Ay
Ay	Yes; yea; -- a word expressing assent, or an affirmative answer to a question. It is much used in viva voce voting in legislative bodies, etc.
Aye	An affirmative vote; one who votes in the affirmative; as, "To call for the ayes and noes;" "The ayes have it."
Aye	Alt. of Ay
Ay	Always; ever; continually; for an indefinite time.
Aye-aye	A singular nocturnal quadruped, allied to the lemurs, found in Madagascar (Cheiromys Madagascariensis), remarkable for its long fingers, sharp nails, and rodent-like incisor teeth.
Ayegreen	The houseleek (Sempervivum tectorum).
Ayen	Alt. of Ayeins
Ayein	Alt. of Ayeins
Ayeins	Again; back against.
Ayenward	Backward.
Ayle	A grandfather.
Ayme	The utterance of the ejaculation "Ay me !" [Obs.] See Ay, interj.
Ayond	Beyond.
Ayont	Beyond.
Ayrie	Alt. of Ayry
Ayry	See Aerie.
Ayrshire	One of a superior breed of cattle from Ayrshire, Scotland. Ayrshires are notable for the quantity and quality of their milk.
Ayuntamiento	In Spain and Spanish America, a corporation or body of magistrates in cities and towns, corresponding to mayor and aldermen.
Azaleas	of Azalea
Azalea	A genus of showy flowering shrubs, mostly natives of China or of North America; false honeysuckle. The genus is scarcely distinct from Rhododendron.
Azarole	The Neapolitan medlar (Crataegus azarolus), a shrub of southern Europe; also, its fruit.
Azedarach	A handsome Asiatic tree (Melia azedarach), common in the southern United States; -- called also, Pride of India, Pride of China, and Bead tree.
Azedarach	The bark of the roots of the azedarach, used as a cathartic and emetic.
Azimuth	The quadrant of an azimuth circle.
Azimuth	An arc of the horizon intercepted between the meridian of the place and a vertical circle passing through the center of any object; as, the azimuth of a star; the azimuth or bearing of a line surveying.
Azimuthal	Of or pertaining to the azimuth; in a horizontal circle.
Azo-	A combining form of azote
Azo-	Applied loosely to compounds having nitrogen variously combined, as in cyanides, nitrates, etc.
Azo-	Now especially applied to compounds containing a two atom nitrogen group uniting two hydrocarbon radicals, as in azobenzene, azobenzoic, etc. These compounds furnish many artificial dyes. See Diazo-.
Azobenzene	A substance (C6H5.N2.C6H5) derived from nitrobenzene, forming orange red crystals which are easily fusible.
Azoic	Destitute of any vestige of organic life, or at least of animal life; anterior to the existence of animal life; formed when there was no animal life on the globe; as, the azoic. rocks.
Azoleic	Pertaining to an acid produced by treating oleic with nitric acid.
Azonic	Confined to no zone or region; not local.
Azorian	Of or pertaining to the Azores.
Azorian	A native of the Azores.
Azote	Same as Nitrogen.
Azoth	The first principle of metals, i. e., mercury, which was formerly supposed to exist in all metals, and to be extractable from them.
Azoth	The universal remedy of Paracelsus.
Azotic	Pertaining to azote, or nitrogen; formed or consisting of azote; nitric; as, azotic gas; azotic acid.
Azotite	A salt formed by the combination of azotous, or nitrous, acid with a base; a nitrite.
Azotized	of Azotize
Azotizing	of Azotize
Azotize	To impregnate with azote, or nitrogen; to nitrogenize.
Azotometer	An apparatus for measuring or determining the proportion of nitrogen; a nitrometer.
Azotous	Nitrous; as, azotous acid.
Aztec	Of or relating to one of the early races in Mexico that inhabited the great plateau of that country at the time of the Spanish conquest in 1519.
Aztec	One of the Aztec race or people.
Azure	Sky-blue; resembling the clear blue color of the unclouded sky; cerulean; also, cloudless.
Azure	The lapis lazuli.
Azure	The clear blue color of the sky; also, a pigment or dye of this color.
Azure	The blue vault above; the unclouded sky.
Azure	A blue color, represented in engraving by horizontal parallel lines.
Azure	To color blue.
Azured	Of an azure color; sky-blue.
Azureous	Of a fine blue color; azure.
Azurine	Azure.
Azurine	The blue roach of Europe (Leuciscus caeruleus); -- so called from its color.
Azurite	Blue carbonate of copper; blue malachite.
Azurn	Azure.
Azygous	Odd; having no fellow; not one of a pair; single; as, the azygous muscle of the uvula.
Azym	Alt. of Azyme
Azyme	Unleavened bread.
Azymic	Azymous.
Azymite	One who administered the Eucharist with unleavened bread; -- a name of reproach given by those of the Greek church to the Latins.
Azymous	Unleavened; unfermented.
