E	The fifth letter of the English alphabet.
E	E is the third tone of the model diatonic scale. E/  (E flat) is a tone which is intermediate between D and E.
E-	A Latin prefix meaning out, out of, from; also, without. See Ex-.
Each	Every one of the two or more individuals composing a number of objects, considered separately from the rest. It is used either with or without a following noun; as, each of you or each one of you.
Each	Every; -- sometimes used interchangeably with every.
Eachwhere	Everywhere.
Eadish	See Eddish.
Eager	Sharp; sour; acid.
Eager	Sharp; keen; bitter; severe.
Eager	Excited by desire in the pursuit of any object; ardent to pursue, perform, or obtain; keenly desirous; hotly longing; earnest; zealous; impetuous; vehement; as, the hounds were eager in the chase.
Eager	Brittle; inflexible; not ductile.
Eager	Same as Eagre.
Eagerly	In an eager manner.
Eagerness	The state or quality of being eager; ardent desire.
Eagerness	Tartness; sourness.
Eagle	Any large, rapacious bird of the Falcon family, esp. of the genera Aquila and Haliaeetus. The eagle is remarkable for strength, size, graceful figure, keenness of vision, and extraordinary flight. The most noted species are the golden eagle (Aquila chrysaetus); the imperial eagle of Europe (A. mogilnik / imperialis); the American bald eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus); the European sea eagle (H. albicilla); and the great harpy eagle (Thrasaetus harpyia). The figure of the eagle, as the king of birds, is commonly used as an heraldic emblem, and also for standards and emblematic devices. See Bald eagle, Harpy, and Golden eagle.
Eagle	A gold coin of the United States, of the value of ten dollars.
Eagle	A northern constellation, containing Altair, a star of the first magnitude. See Aquila.
Eagle	The figure of an eagle borne as an emblem on the standard of the ancient Romans, or so used upon the seal or standard of any people.
Eagle-eyed	Sharp-sighted as an eagle.
Eagle-sighted	Farsighted and strong-sighted; sharp-sighted.
Eagless	A female or hen eagle.
Eaglestone	A concretionary nodule of clay ironstone, of the size of a walnut or larger, so called by the ancients, who believed that the eagle transported these stones to her nest to facilitate the laying of her eggs; aetites.
Eaglet	A young eagle, or a diminutive eagle.
Eagle-winged	Having the wings of an eagle; swift, or soaring high, like an eagle.
Eaglewood	A kind of fragrant wood. See Agallochum.
Eagrass	See Eddish.
Eagre	A wave, or two or three successive waves, of great height and violence, at flood tide moving up an estuary or river; -- commonly called the bore. See Bore.
Ealderman	Alt. of Ealdorman
Ealdorman	An alderman.
Eale	Ale.
Eame	Uncle.
Ean	To bring forth, as young; to yean.
Eanling	A lamb just brought forth; a yeanling.
Ear	The organ of hearing; the external ear.
Ear	The sense of hearing; the perception of sounds; the power of discriminating between different tones; as, a nice ear for music; -- in the singular only.
Ear	That which resembles in shape or position the ear of an animal; any prominence or projection on an object, -- usually one for support or attachment; a lug; a handle; as, the ears of a tub, a skillet, or dish. The ears of a boat are outside kneepieces near the bow. See Illust. of Bell.
Ear	Same as Acroterium.
Ear	Same as Crossette.
Ear	Privilege of being kindly heard; favor; attention.
Eared	of Ear
Earing	of Ear
Ear	To take in with the ears; to hear.
Ear	The spike or head of any cereal  (as, wheat, rye, barley, Indian corn, etc.), containing the kernels.
Ear	To put forth ears in growing; to form ears, as grain; as, this corn ears well.
Ear	To plow or till; to cultivate.
Earable	Arable; tillable.
Earache	Ache or pain in the ear.
Earal	Receiving by the ear.
Ear-bored	Having the ear perforated.
Earcap	A cap or cover to protect the ear from cold.
Earcockle	A disease in wheat, in which the blackened and contracted grain, or ear, is filled with minute worms.
Eardrop	A pendant for the ear; an earring; as, a pair of eardrops.
Eardrop	A species of primrose. See Auricula.
Eardrum	The tympanum. See Illust. of Ear.
Eared	Having (such or so many) ears; -- used in composition; as, long-eared-eared; sharp-eared; full-eared; ten-eared.
Eared	Having external ears; having tufts of feathers resembling ears.
Eariness	Fear or timidity, especially of something supernatural.
Earing	A line used to fasten the upper corners of a sail to the yard or gaff; -- also called head earing.
Earing	A line for hauling the reef cringle to the yard; -- also called reef earing.
Earing	A line fastening the corners of an awning to the rigging or stanchions.
Earing	Coming into ear, as corn.
Earing	A plowing of land.
Earl	A nobleman of England ranking below a marquis, and above a viscount. The rank of an earl corresponds to that of a count (comte) in France, and graf in Germany. Hence the wife of an earl is still called countess. See Count.
Earl	The needlefish.
Earlap	The lobe of the ear.
Earldom	The jurisdiction of an earl; the territorial possessions of an earl.
Earldom	The status, title, or dignity of an earl.
Earldorman	Alderman.
Earlduck	The red-breasted merganser (Merganser serrator).
Earles penny	Earnest money. Same as Arles penny.
Earless	Without ears; hence, deaf or unwilling to hear.
Earlet	An earring.
Earliness	The state of being early or forward; promptness.
Earl marshal	An officer of state in England who marshals and orders all great ceremonials, takes cognizance of matters relating to honor, arms, and pedigree, and directs the proclamation of peace and war. The court of chivalry was formerly under his jurisdiction, and he is still the head of the herald's office or college of arms.
Earlock	A lock or curl of hair near the ear; a lovelock. See Lovelock.
Early	Soon; in good season; seasonably; betimes; as, come early.
Early	In advance of the usual or appointed time; in good season; prior in time; among or near the first; -- opposed to late; as, the early bird; an early spring; early fruit.
Early	Coming in the first part of a period of time, or among the first of successive acts, events, etc.
Earmark	A mark on the ear of sheep, oxen, dogs, etc., as by cropping or slitting.
Earmark	A mark for identification; a distinguishing mark.
Earmarked	of Earmark
Earmarking	of Earmark
Earmark	To mark, as sheep, by cropping or slitting the ear.
Earn	See Ern, n.
Earned	of Earn
Earning	of Earn
Earn	To merit or deserve, as by labor or service; to do that which entitles one to (a reward, whether the reward is received or not).
Earn	To acquire by labor, service, or performance; to deserve and receive as compensation or wages; as, to earn a good living; to earn honors or laurels.
Earn	To grieve.
Earn	To long; to yearn.
Earn	To curdle, as milk.
Earnest	Seriousness; reality; fixed determination; eagerness; intentness.
Earnest	Ardent in the pursuit of an object; eager to obtain or do; zealous with sincerity; with hearty endeavor; heartfelt; fervent; hearty; -- used in a good sense; as, earnest prayers.
Earnest	Intent; fixed closely; as, earnest attention.
Earnest	Serious; important.
Earnest	To use in earnest.
Earnest	Something given, or a part paid beforehand, as a pledge; pledge; handsel; a token of what is to come.
Earnest	Something of value given by the buyer to the seller, by way of token or pledge, to bind the bargain and prove the sale.
Earnestful	Serious.
Earnestly	In an earnest manner.
Earnestness	The state or quality of being earnest; intentness; anxiety.
Earnful	Full of anxiety or yearning.
Earnings	of Earning
Earning	That which is earned; wages gained by work or services; money earned; -- used commonly in the plural.
Earpick	An instrument for removing wax from the ear.
Ear-piercer	The earwig.
Earreach	Earshot.
Earring	An ornament consisting of a ring passed through the lobe of the ear, with or without a pendant.
Earsh	See Arrish.
Ear-shell	A flattened marine univalve shell of the genus Haliotis; -- called also sea-ear. See Abalone.
Earshot	Reach of the ear; distance at which words may be heard.
Earshrift	A nickname for auricular confession; shrift.
Earsore	An annoyance to the ear.
Ear-splitting	Deafening; disagreeably loud or shrill; as, ear-splitting strains.
Earst	See Erst.
Earth	The globe or planet which we inhabit; the world, in distinction from the sun, moon, or stars. Also, this world as the dwelling place of mortals, in distinction from the dwelling place of spirits.
Earth	The solid materials which make up the globe, in distinction from the air or water; the dry land.
Earth	The softer inorganic matter composing part of the surface of the globe, in distinction from the firm rock; soil of all kinds, including gravel, clay, loam, and the like; sometimes, soil favorable to the growth of plants; the visible surface of the globe; the ground; as, loose earth; rich earth.
Earth	A part of this globe; a region; a country; land.
Earth	Worldly things, as opposed to spiritual things; the pursuits, interests, and allurements of this life.
Earth	The people on the globe.
Earth	Any earthy-looking metallic oxide, as alumina, glucina, zirconia, yttria, and thoria.
Earth	A similar oxide, having a slight alkaline reaction, as lime, magnesia, strontia, baryta.
Earth	A hole in the ground, where an animal hides himself; as, the earth of a fox.
Earthed	of Earth
Earthing	of Earth
Earth	To hide, or cause to hide, in the earth; to chase into a burrow or den.
Earth	To cover with earth or mold; to inter; to bury; -- sometimes with up.
Earth	To burrow.
Earth	A plowing.
Earthbag	A bag filled with earth, used commonly to raise or repair a parapet.
Earthbank	A bank or mound of earth.
Earthboard	The part of a plow, or other implement, that turns over the earth; the moldboard.
Earthborn	Born of the earth; terrigenous; springing originally from the earth; human.
Earthborn	Relating to, or occasioned by, earthly objects.
Earthbred	Low; grovelling; vulgar.
Earthdin	An earthquake.
Earthdrake	A mythical monster of the early Anglo-Saxon literature; a dragon.
Earthen	Made of earth; made of burnt or baked clay, or other like substances; as, an earthen vessel or pipe.
Earthen-hearted	Hard-hearted; sordid; gross.
Earthenware	Vessels and other utensils, ornaments, or the like, made of baked clay. See Crockery, Pottery, Stoneware, and Porcelain.
Earth flax	A variety of asbestus. See Amianthus.
Earthfork	A pronged fork for turning up the earth.
Earthiness	The quality or state of being earthy, or of containing earth; hence, grossness.
Earthliness	The quality or state of being earthly; worldliness; grossness; perishableness.
Earthling	An inhabitant of the earth; a mortal.
Earthly	Pertaining to the earth; belonging to this world, or to man's existence on the earth; not heavenly or spiritual; carnal; worldly; as, earthly joys; earthly flowers; earthly praise.
Earthly	Of all things on earth; possible; conceivable.
Earthly	Made of earth; earthy.
Earthly	In the manner of the earth or its people; worldly.
Earthly-minded	Having a mind devoted to earthly things; worldly-minded; -- opposed to spiritual-minded.
Earthmad	The earthworm.
Earthnut	A name given to various roots, tubers, or pods grown under or on the ground
Earthnut	The esculent tubers of the umbelliferous plants Bunium flexuosum and Carum Bulbocastanum.
Earthnut	The peanut. See Peanut.
Earthpea	A species of pea (Amphicarpaea monoica). It is a climbing leguminous plant, with hairy underground pods.
Earthquake	A shaking, trembling, or concussion of the earth, due to subterranean causes, often accompanied by a rumbling noise. The wave of shock sometimes traverses half a hemisphere, destroying cities and many thousand lives; -- called also earthdin, earthquave, and earthshock.
Earthquake	Like, or characteristic of, an earthquake; loud; starling.
Earthquave	An earthquake.
Earth shine	See Earth light, under Earth.
Earthshock	An earthquake.
Earthstar	A curious fungus of the genus Geaster, in which the outer coating splits into the shape of a star, and the inner one forms a ball containing the dustlike spores.
Earth-tongue	A fungus of the genus Geoglossum.
Earthward	Alt. of Earthwards
Earthwards	Toward the earth; -- opposed to heavenward or skyward.
Earthwork	Any construction, whether a temporary breastwork or permanent fortification, for attack or defense, the material of which is chiefly earth.
Earthwork	The operation connected with excavations and embankments of earth in preparing foundations of buildings, in constructing canals, railroads, etc.
Earthwork	An embankment or construction made of earth.
Earthworm	Any worm of the genus Lumbricus and allied genera, found in damp soil. One of the largest and most abundant species in Europe and America is L. terrestris; many others are known; -- called also angleworm and dewworm.
Earthworm	A mean, sordid person; a niggard.
Earthy	Consisting of, or resembling, earth; terrene; earthlike; as, earthy matter.
Earthy	Of or pertaining to the earth or to, this world; earthly; terrestrial; carnal.
Earthy	Gross; low; unrefined.
Earthy	Without luster, or dull and roughish to the touch; as, an earthy fracture.
Earwax	See Cerumen.
Earwig	Any insect of the genus Forticula and related genera, belonging to the order Euplexoptera.
Earwig	In America, any small chilopodous myriapod, esp. of the genus Geophilus.
Earwig	A whisperer of insinuations; a secret counselor.
Earwigged	of Earwig
Earwigging	of Earwig
Earwig	To influence, or attempt to influence, by whispered insinuations or private talk.
Earwitness	A witness by means of his ears; one who is within hearing and does hear; a hearer.
Ease	Satisfaction; pleasure; hence, accommodation; entertainment.
Ease	Freedom from anything that pains or troubles; as: (a) Relief from labor or effort; rest; quiet; relaxation; as, ease of body.
Ease	Freedom from care, solicitude, or anything that annoys or disquiets; tranquillity; peace; comfort; security; as, ease of mind.
Ease	Freedom from constraint, formality, difficulty, embarrassment, etc.; facility; liberty; naturalness; -- said of manner, style, etc.; as, ease of style, of behavior, of address.
Eased	of Ease
Easing	of Ease
Ease	To free from anything that pains, disquiets, or oppresses; to relieve from toil or care; to give rest, repose, or tranquility to; -- often with of; as, to ease of pain; ease the body or mind.
Ease	To render less painful or oppressive; to mitigate; to alleviate.
Ease	To release from pressure or restraint; to move gently; to lift slightly; to shift a little; as, to ease a bar or nut in machinery.
Ease	To entertain; to furnish with accommodations.
Easeful	Full of ease; suitable for affording ease or rest; quiet; comfortable; restful.
Easel	A frame (commonly) of wood serving to hold a canvas upright, or nearly upright, for the painter's convenience or for exhibition.
Easeless	Without ease.
Easement	That which gives ease, relief, or assistance; convenience; accommodation.
Easement	A liberty, privilege, or advantage, which one proprietor has in the estate of another proprietor, distinct from the ownership of the soil, as a way, water course, etc. It is a species of what the civil law calls servitude.
Easement	A curved member instead of an abrupt change of direction, as in a baseboard, hand rail, etc.
Easily	With ease; without difficulty or much effort; as, this task may be easily performed; that event might have been easily foreseen.
Easily	Without pain, anxiety, or disturbance; as, to pass life well and easily.
Easily	Readily; without reluctance; willingly.
Easily	Smoothly; quietly; gently; gracefully; without /umult or discord.
Easily	Without shaking or jolting; commodiously; as, a carriage moves easily.
Easiness	The state or condition of being easy; freedom from distress; rest.
Easiness	Freedom from difficulty; ease; as the easiness of a task.
Easiness	Freedom from emotion; compliance; disposition to yield without opposition; unconcernedness.
Easiness	Freedom from effort, constraint, or formality; -- said of style, manner, etc.
Easiness	Freedom from jolting, jerking, or straining.
East	The point in the heavens where the sun is seen to rise at the equinox, or the corresponding point on the earth; that one of the four cardinal points of the compass which is in a direction at right angles to that of north and south, and which is toward the right hand of one who faces the north; the point directly opposite to the west.
East	The eastern parts of the earth; the regions or countries which lie east of Europe; the orient. In this indefinite sense, the word is applied to Asia Minor, Syria, Chaldea, Persia, India, China, etc.; as, the riches of the East; the diamonds and pearls of the East; the kings of the East.
East	Formerly, the part of the United States east of the Alleghany Mountains, esp. the Eastern, or New England, States; now, commonly, the whole region east of the Mississippi River, esp. that which is north of Maryland and the Ohio River; -- usually with the definite article; as, the commerce of the East is not independent of the agriculture of the West.
East	Toward the rising sun; or toward the point where the sun rises when in the equinoctial; as, the east gate; the east border; the east side; the east wind is a wind that blows from the east.
East	Eastward.
East	To move toward the east; to veer from the north or south toward the east; to orientate.
Easter	An annual church festival commemorating Christ's resurrection, and occurring on Sunday, the second day after Good Friday. It corresponds to the pasha or passover of the Jews, and most nations still give it this name under the various forms of pascha, pasque, paque, or pask.
Easter	The day on which the festival is observed; Easter day.
Easter	To veer to the east; -- said of the wind.
Easterling	A native of a country eastward of another; -- used, by the English, of traders or others from the coasts of the Baltic.
Easterling	A piece of money coined in the east by Richard II. of England.
Easterling	The smew.
Easterling	Relating to the money of the Easterlings, or Baltic traders. See Sterling.
Easterly	Coming from the east; as, it was easterly wind.
Easterly	Situated, directed, or moving toward the east; as, the easterly side of a lake; an easterly course or voyage.
Easterly	Toward, or in the direction of, the east.
Eastern	Situated or dwelling in the east; oriental; as, an eastern gate; Eastern countries.
Eastern	Going toward the east, or in the direction of east; as, an eastern voyage.
Easternmost	Most eastern.
East Indian	Belonging to, or relating to, the East Indies.
East Indian	A native of, or a dweller in, the East Indies.
Easting	The distance measured toward the east between two meridians drawn through the extremities of a course; distance of departure eastward made by a vessel.
East-insular	Relating to the Eastern Islands; East Indian.
Eastward	Alt. of Eastwards
Eastwards	Toward the east; in the direction of east from some point or place; as, New Haven lies eastward from New York.
Easy	At ease; free from pain, trouble, or constraint
Easy	Free from pain, distress, toil, exertion, and the like; quiet; as, the patient is easy.
Easy	Free from care, responsibility, discontent, and the like; not anxious; tranquil; as, an easy mind.
Easy	Free from constraint, harshness, or formality; unconstrained; smooth; as, easy manners; an easy style.
Easy	Not causing, or attended with, pain or disquiet, or much exertion; affording ease or rest; as, an easy carriage; a ship having an easy motion; easy movements, as in dancing.
Easy	Not difficult; requiring little labor or effort; slight; inconsiderable; as, an easy task; an easy victory.
Easy	Causing ease; giving freedom from care or labor; furnishing comfort; commodious; as, easy circumstances; an easy chair or cushion.
Easy	Not making resistance or showing unwillingness; tractable; yielding; complying; ready.
Easy	Moderate; sparing; frugal.
Easy	Not straitened as to money matters; as, the market is easy; -- opposed to tight.
Easy-chair	An armchair for ease or repose.
Easy-going	Moving easily; hence, mild-tempered; ease-loving; inactive.
Ate	of Eat
Eat	of Eat
Eaten	of Eat
Eat	of Eat
Eating	of Eat
Eat	To chew and swallow as food; to devour; -- said especially of food not liquid; as, to eat bread.
Eat	To corrode, as metal, by rust; to consume the flesh, as a cancer; to waste or wear away; to destroy gradually; to cause to disappear.
Eat	To take food; to feed; especially, to take solid, in distinction from liquid, food; to board.
Eat	To taste or relish; as, it eats like tender beef.
Eat	To make one's way slowly.
Eatable	Capable of being eaten; fit to be eaten; proper for food; esculent; edible.
Eatable	Something fit to be eaten.
Eatage	Eatable growth of grass for horses and cattle, esp. that of aftermath.
Eater	One who, or that which, eats.
Eath	Easy or easily.
Eating	The act of tasking food; the act of consuming or corroding.
Eating	Something fit to be eaten; food; as, a peach is good eating.
Eau de Cologne	Same as Cologne.
Eau de vie	French name for brandy.  Cf. Aqua vitae, under Aqua.
Eavedrop	A drop from the eaves; eavesdrop.
Eaves	The edges or lower borders of the roof of a building, which overhang the walls, and cast off the water that falls on the roof.
Eaves	Brow; ridge.
Eaves	Eyelids or eyelashes.
Eavesdrop	To stand under the eaves, near a window or at the door, of a house, to listen and learn what is said within doors; hence, to listen secretly to what is said in private.
Eavesdrop	The water which falls in drops from the eaves of a house.
Eavesdropper	One who stands under the eaves, or near the window or door of a house, to listen; hence, a secret listener.
Eavesdropping	The habit of lurking about dwelling houses, and other places where persons meet fro private intercourse, secretly listening to what is said, and then tattling it abroad. The offense is indictable at common law.
Ebb	The European bunting.
Ebb	The reflux or flowing back of the tide; the return of the tidal wave toward the sea; -- opposed to flood; as, the boats will go out on the ebb.
Ebb	The state or time of passing away; a falling from a better to a worse state; low state or condition; decline; decay.
Ebbed	of Ebb
Ebbing	of Ebb
Ebb	To flow back; to return, as the water of a tide toward the ocean; -- opposed to flow.
Ebb	To return or fall back from a better to a worse state; to decline; to decay; to recede.
Ebb	To cause to flow back.
Ebb	Receding; going out; falling; shallow; low.
Ebb tide	The reflux of tide water; the retiring tide; -- opposed to flood tide.
Ebionite	One of a sect of heretics, in the first centuries of the church, whose doctrine was a mixture of Judaism and Christianity. They denied the divinity of Christ, regarding him as an inspired messenger, and rejected much of the New Testament.
Ebionitism	The system or doctrine of the Ebionites.
Eblanin	See Pyroxanthin.
Eblis	The prince of the evil spirits; Satan.
Ebon	Consisting of ebony.
Ebon	Like ebony, especially in color; black; dark.
Ebon	Ebony.
Ebonist	One who works in ebony.
Ebonite	A hard, black variety of vulcanite. It may be cut and polished, and is used for many small articles, as combs and buttons, and for insulating material in electric apparatus.
Ebonized	of Ebonize
Ebonizing	of Ebonize
Ebonize	To make black, or stain black, in imitation of ebony; as, to ebonize wood.
Ebonies	of Ebony
Ebony	A hard, heavy, and durable wood, which admits of a fine polish or gloss. The usual color is black, but it also occurs red or green.
Ebony	Made of ebony, or resembling ebony; black; as, an ebony countenance.
Ebracteate	Without bracts.
Ebracteolate	Without bracteoles, or little bracts; -- said of a pedicel or flower stalk.
Ebrauke	Hebrew.
Ebrieties	of Ebriety
Ebriety	Drunkenness; intoxication by spirituous liquors; inebriety.
Ebrillade	A bridle check; a jerk of one rein, given to a horse when he refuses to turn.
Ebriosity	Addiction to drink; habitual drunkenness.
Ebrious	Inclined to drink to excess; intoxicated; tipsy.
Ebulliate	To boil or bubble up.
Ebullience	Alt. of Ebulliency
Ebulliency	A boiling up or over; effervescence.
Ebullient	Boiling up or over; hence, manifesting exhilaration or excitement, as of feeling; effervescing.
Ebullioscope	An instrument for observing the boiling point of liquids, especially for determining the alcoholic strength of a mixture by the temperature at which it boils.
Ebullition	A boiling or bubbling up of a liquid; the motion produced in a liquid by its rapid conversion into vapor.
Ebullition	Effervescence occasioned by fermentation or by any other process which causes the liberation of a gas or an aeriform fluid, as in the mixture of an acid with a carbonated alkali.
Ebullition	A sudden burst or violent display; an outburst; as, an ebullition of anger or ill temper.
Eburin	A composition of dust of ivory or of bone with a cement; -- used for imitations of valuable stones and in making moldings, seals, etc.
Eburnation	A condition of bone cartilage occurring in certain diseases of these tissues, in which they acquire an unnatural density, and come to resemble ivory.
Eburnean	Made of or relating to ivory.
Eburnification	The conversion of certain substances into others which have the appearance or characteristics of ivory.
Eburnine	Of or pertaining to ivory.
Ecardines	An order of Brachiopoda; the Lyopomata. See Brachiopoda.
Ecarte	A game at cards, played usually by two persons, in which the players may discard any or all of the cards dealt and receive others from the pack.
Ecaudate	Without a tail or spur.
Ecaudate	Tailless.
Ecballium	A genus of cucurbitaceous plants consisting of the single species Ecballium agreste (or Elaterium), the squirting cucumber. Its fruit, when ripe, bursts and violently ejects its seeds, together with a mucilaginous juice, from which elaterium, a powerful cathartic medicine, is prepared.
Ecbasis	A figure in which the orator treats of things according to their events consequences.
Ecbatic	Denoting a mere result or consequence, as distinguished from telic, which denotes intention or purpose; thus the phrase / /, if rendered "so that it was fulfilled," is ecbatic; if rendered "in order that it might be." etc., is telic.
Ecbole	A digression in which a person is introduced speaking his own words.
Ecbolic	A drug, as ergot, which by exciting uterine contractions promotes the expulsion of the contents of the uterus.
Ecboline	An alkaloid constituting the active principle of ergot; -- so named from its power of producing abortion.
Eccaleobion	A contrivance for hatching eggs by artificial heat.
Ecce homo	A picture which represents the Savior as given up to the people by Pilate, and wearing a crown of thorns.
Eccentric	Deviating or departing from the center, or from the line of a circle; as, an eccentric or elliptical orbit; pertaining to deviation from the center or from true circular motion.
Eccentric	Not having the same center; -- said of circles, ellipses, spheres, etc., which, though coinciding, either in whole or in part, as to area or volume, have not the same center; -- opposed to concentric.
Eccentric	Pertaining to an eccentric; as, the eccentric rod in a steam engine.
Eccentric	Not coincident as to motive or end.
Eccentric	Deviating from stated methods, usual practice, or established forms or laws; deviating from an appointed sphere or way; departing from the usual course; irregular; anomalous; odd; as, eccentric conduct.
Eccentric	A circle not having the same center as another contained in some measure within the first.
Eccentric	One who, or that which, deviates from regularity; an anomalous or irregular person or thing.
Eccentric	In the Ptolemaic system, the supposed circular orbit of a planet about the earth, but with the earth not in its center.
Eccentric	A circle described about the center of an elliptical orbit, with half the major axis for radius.
Eccentric	A disk or wheel so arranged upon a shaft that the center of the wheel and that of the shaft do not coincide. It is used for operating valves in steam engines, and for other purposes. The motion derived is precisely that of a crank having the same throw.
Eccentrical	See Eccentric.
Eccentrically	In an eccentric manner.
Eccentricities	of Eccentricity
Eccentricity	The state of being eccentric; deviation from the customary line of conduct; oddity.
Eccentricity	The ratio of the distance between the center and the focus of an ellipse or hyperbola to its semi-transverse axis.
Eccentricity	The ratio of the distance of the center of the orbit of a heavenly body from the center of the body round which it revolves to the semi-transverse axis of the orbit.
Eccentricity	The distance of the center of figure of a body, as of an eccentric, from an axis about which it turns; the throw.
Ecchymose	To discolor by the production of an ecchymosis, or effusion of blood, beneath the skin; -- chiefly used in the passive form; as, the parts were much ecchymosed.
Ecchymoses	of Ecchymosis
Ecchymosis	A livid or black and blue spot, produced by the extravasation or effusion of blood into the areolar tissue from a contusion.
Ecchymotic	Pertaining to ecchymosis.
Eccle	The European green woodpecker; -- also called ecall, eaquall, yaffle.
Ecclesiae	of Ecclesia
Ecclesia	The public legislative assembly of the Athenians.
Ecclesia	A church, either as a body or as a building.
Ecclesial	Ecclesiastical.
Ecclesiarch	An official of the Eastern Church, resembling a sacrist in the Western Church.
Ecclesiast	An ecclesiastic.
Ecclesiast	The Apocryphal book of Ecclesiasticus.
Ecclesiastes	One of the canonical books of the Old Testament.
Ecclesiastic	Of or pertaining to the church. See Ecclesiastical.
Ecclesiastic	A person in holy orders, or consecrated to the service of the church and the ministry of religion; a clergyman; a priest.
Ecclesiastical	Of or pertaining to the church; relating to the organization or government of the church; not secular; as, ecclesiastical affairs or history; ecclesiastical courts.
Ecclesiastically	In an ecclesiastical manner; according ecclesiastical rules.
Ecclesiasticism	Strong attachment to ecclesiastical usages, forms, etc.
Ecclesiasticus	A book of the Apocrypha.
Ecclesiological	Belonging to ecclesiology.
Ecclesiologist	One versed in ecclesiology.
Ecclesiology	The science or theory of church building and decoration.
Eccritic	A remedy which promotes discharges, as an emetic, or a cathartic.
Ecderon	See Ecteron.
Ecdyses	of Ecdysis
Ecdysis	The act of shedding, or casting off, an outer cuticular layer, as in the case of serpents, lobsters, etc.; a coming out; as, the ecdysis of the pupa from its shell; exuviation.
Ecgonine	A colorless, crystalline, nitrogenous base, obtained by the decomposition of cocaine.
Echauguette	A small chamber or place of protection for a sentinel, usually in the form of a projecting turret, or the like. See Castle.
Eche	Each.
Echelon	An arrangement of a body of troops when its divisions are drawn up in parallel lines each to the right or the left of the one in advance of it, like the steps of a ladder in position for climbing. Also used adjectively; as, echelon distance.
Echelon	An arrangement of a fleet in a wedge or V formation.
Echelon	To place in echelon; to station divisions of troops in echelon.
Echelon	To take position in echelon.
Echidna	A monster, half maid and half serpent.
Echidna	A genus of Monotremata found in Australia, Tasmania, and New Guinea. They are toothless and covered with spines; -- called also porcupine ant-eater, and Australian ant-eater.
Echidnine	The clear, viscid fluid secreted by the poison glands of certain serpents; also, a nitrogenous base contained in this, and supposed to be the active poisonous principle of the virus.
Echinate	Alt. of Echinated
Echinated	Set with prickles; prickly, like a hedgehog; bristled; as, an echinated pericarp.
Echinid	Same as Echinoid.
Echinidan	One the Echinoidea.
Echinital	Of, or like, an echinite.
Echinite	A fossil echinoid.
Echinococcus	A parasite of man and of many domestic and wild animals, forming compound cysts or tumors (called hydatid cysts) in various organs, but especially in the liver and lungs, which often cause death. It is the larval stage of the Taenia echinococcus, a small tapeworm peculiar to the dog.
Echinoderm	One of the Echinodermata.
Echinodermal	Relating or belonging to the echinoderms.
Echinodermata	One of the grand divisions of the animal kingdom. By many writers it was formerly included in the Radiata.
Echinodermatous	Relating to Echinodermata; echinodermal.
Echinoid	Of or pertaining to the Echinoidea.
Echinoid	One of the Echinoidea.
Echinoidea	The class Echinodermata which includes the sea urchins. They have a calcareous, usually more or less spheroidal or disk-shaped, composed of many united plates, and covered with movable spines. See Spatangoid, Clypeastroid.
Echinozoa	The Echinodermata.
Echinulate	Set with small spines or prickles.
Echini	of Echinus
Echinus	A hedgehog.
Echinus	A genus of echinoderms, including the common edible sea urchin of Europe.
Echinus	The rounded molding forming the bell of the capital of the Grecian Doric style, which is of a peculiar elastic curve. See Entablature.
Echinus	The quarter-round molding (ovolo) of the Roman Doric style. See Illust. of Column
Echinus	A name sometimes given to the egg and anchor or egg and dart molding, because that ornament is often identified with Roman Doric capital. The name probably alludes to the shape of the shell of the sea urchin.
Echiuroidea	A division of Annelida which includes the genus Echiurus and allies. They are often classed among the Gephyrea, and called the armed Gephyreans.
Echoes	of Echo
Echo	A sound reflected from an opposing surface and repeated to the ear of a listener; repercussion of sound; repetition of a sound.
Echo	Fig.: Sympathetic recognition; response; answer.
Echo	A wood or mountain nymph, regarded as repeating, and causing the reverberation of them.
Echo	A nymph, the daughter of Air and Earth, who, for love of Narcissus, pined away until nothing was left of her but her voice.
Echoed	of Echo
Echoing	of Echo
Echoes	of Echo
Echo	To send back (a sound); to repeat in sound; to reverberate.
Echo	To repeat with assent; to respond; to adopt.
Echo	To give an echo; to resound; to be sounded back; as, the hall echoed with acclamations.
Echoer	One who, or that which, echoes.
Echoless	Without echo or response.
Echometer	A graduated scale for measuring the duration of sounds, and determining their different, and the relation of their intervals.
Echometry	The art of measuring the duration of sounds or echoes.
Echometry	The art of constructing vaults to produce echoes.
Echon	Alt. of Echoon
Echoon	Each one.
Echoscope	An instrument for intensifying sounds produced by percussion of the thorax.
Eclair	A kind of frosted cake, containing flavored cream.
Eclaircise	To make clear; to clear up what is obscure or not understood; to explain.
Eclaircissement	The clearing up of anything which is obscure or not easily understood; an explanation.
Eclampsia	A fancied perception of flashes of light, a symptom of epilepsy; hence, epilepsy itself; convulsions.
Eclampsy	Same as Eclampsia.
Eclat	Brilliancy of success or effort; splendor; brilliant show; striking effect; glory; renown.
Eclat	Demonstration of admiration and approbation; applause.
Eclectic	Selecting; choosing (what is true or excellent in doctrines, opinions, etc.) from various sources or systems; as, an eclectic philosopher.
Eclectic	Consisting, or made up, of what is chosen or selected; as, an eclectic method; an eclectic magazine.
Eclectic	One who follows an eclectic method.
Eclectically	In an eclectic manner; by an eclectic method.
Eclecticism	Theory or practice of an eclectic.
Eclegm	A medicine made by mixing oils with sirups.
Eclipse	An interception or obscuration of the light of the sun, moon, or other luminous body, by the intervention of some other body, either between it and the eye, or between the luminous body and that illuminated by it. A lunar eclipse is caused by the moon passing through the earth's shadow; a solar eclipse, by the moon coming between the sun and the observer. A satellite is eclipsed by entering the shadow of its primary. The obscuration of a planet or star by the moon or a planet, though of the nature of an eclipse, is called an occultation. The eclipse of a small portion of the sun by Mercury or Venus is called a transit of the planet.
Eclipse	The loss, usually temporary or partial, of light, brilliancy, luster, honor, consciousness, etc.; obscuration; gloom; darkness.
Eclipsed	of Eclipse
Eclipsing	of Eclipse
Eclipse	To cause the obscuration of; to darken or hide; -- said of a heavenly body; as, the moon eclipses the sun.
Eclipse	To obscure, darken, or extinguish the beauty, luster, honor, etc., of; to sully; to cloud; to throw into the shade by surpassing.
Eclipse	To suffer an eclipse.
Ecliptic	A great circle of the celestial sphere, making an angle with the equinoctial of about 23¡ 28'. It is the apparent path of the sun, or the real path of the earth as seen from the sun.
Ecliptic	A great circle drawn on a terrestrial globe, making an angle of 23¡ 28' with the equator; -- used for illustrating and solving astronomical problems.
Ecliptic	Pertaining to the ecliptic; as, the ecliptic way.
Ecliptic	Pertaining to an eclipse or to eclipses.
Eclogite	A rock consisting of granular red garnet, light green smaragdite, and common hornblende; -- so called in reference to its beauty.
Eclogue	A pastoral poem, in which shepherds are introduced conversing with each other; a bucolic; an idyl; as, the Ecloques of Virgil, from which the modern usage of the word has been established.
Economic	Alt. of Economical
Economical	Pertaining to the household; domestic.
Economical	Relating to domestic economy, or to the management of household affairs.
Economical	Managing with frugality; guarding against waste or unnecessary expense; careful and frugal in management and in expenditure; -- said of character or habits.
Economical	Managed with frugality; not marked with waste or extravagance; frugal; -- said of acts; saving; as, an economical use of money or of time.
Economical	Relating to the means of living, or the resources and wealth of a country; relating to political economy; as, economic purposes; economical truths.
Economical	Regulative; relating to the adaptation of means to an end.
Economically	With economy; with careful management; with prudence in expenditure.
Economics	The science of household affairs, or of domestic management.
Economics	Political economy; the science of the utilities or the useful application of wealth or material resources. See Political economy, under Political.
Economist	One who economizes, or manages domestic or other concerns with frugality; one who expends money, time, or labor, judiciously, and without waste.
Economist	One who is conversant with political economy; a student of economics.
Economization	The act or practice of using to the best effect.
Economized	of Economize
Economizing	of Economize
Economize	To manage with economy; to use with prudence; to expend with frugality; as, to economize one's income.
Economize	To be prudently sparing in expenditure; to be frugal and saving; as, to economize in order to grow rich.
Economizer	One who, or that which, economizes.
Economizer	Specifically: (Steam Boilers) An arrangement of pipes for heating feed water by waste heat in the gases passing to the chimney.
Economies	of Economy
Economy	The management of domestic affairs; the regulation and government of household matters; especially as they concern expense or disbursement; as, a careful economy.
Economy	Orderly arrangement and management of the internal affairs of a state or of any establishment kept up by production and consumption; esp., such management as directly concerns wealth; as, political economy.
Economy	The system of rules and regulations by which anything is managed; orderly system of regulating the distribution and uses of parts, conceived as the result of wise and economical adaptation in the author, whether human or divine; as, the animal or vegetable economy; the economy of a poem; the Jewish economy.
Economy	Thrifty and frugal housekeeping; management without loss or waste; frugality in expenditure; prudence and disposition to save; as, a housekeeper accustomed to economy but not to parsimony.
Ecorche	A manikin, or image, representing an animal, especially man, with the skin removed so that the muscles are exposed for purposes of study.
Ecossaise	A dancing tune in the Scotch style.
Ecostate	Having no ribs or nerves; -- said of a leaf.
Ecoute	One of the small galleries run out in front of the glacis. They serve to annoy the enemy's miners.
Ecphasis	An explicit declaration.
Ecphonema	A breaking out with some interjectional particle.
Ecphoneme	A mark (!) used to indicate an exclamation.
Ecphonesis	An animated or passionate exclamation.
Ecphractic	Serving to dissolve or attenuate viscid matter, and so to remove obstructions; deobstruent.
Ecphractic	An ecphractic medicine.
Ecrasement	The operation performed with an ecraseur.
Ecraseur	An instrument intended to replace the knife in many operations, the parts operated on being severed by the crushing effect produced by the gradual tightening of a steel chain, so that hemorrhage rarely follows.
Ecru	Having the color or appearance of unbleached stuff, as silk, linen, or the like.
Ecstasies	of Ecstasy
Ecstasy	The state of being beside one's self or rapt out of one's self; a state in which the mind is elevated above the reach of ordinary impressions, as when under the influence of overpowering emotion; an extraordinary elevation of the spirit, as when the soul, unconscious of sensible objects, is supposed to contemplate heavenly mysteries.
Ecstasy	Excessive and overmastering joy or enthusiasm; rapture; enthusiastic delight.
Ecstasy	Violent distraction of mind; violent emotion; excessive grief of anxiety; insanity; madness.
Ecstasy	A state which consists in total suspension of sensibility, of voluntary motion, and largely of mental power. The body is erect and inflexible; the pulsation and breathing are not affected.
Ecstasy	To fill ecstasy, or with rapture or enthusiasm.
Ecstatic	Pertaining to, or caused by, ecstasy or excessive emotion; of the nature, or in a state, of ecstasy; as, ecstatic gaze; ecstatic trance.
Ecstatic	Delightful beyond measure; rapturous; ravishing; as, ecstatic bliss or joy.
Ecstatic	An enthusiast.
Ecstatical	Ecstatic.
Ecstatical	Tending to external objects.
Ecstatically	Rapturously; ravishingly.
Ect-	Alt. of Ecto-
Ecto-	A combining form signifying without, outside, external.
Ectad	Toward the outside or surface; -- opposed to entad.
Ectal	Pertaining to, or situated near, the surface; outer; -- opposed to ental.
Ectasia	A dilatation of a hollow organ or of a canal.
Ectasis	The lengthening of a syllable from short to long.
Ectental	Relating to, or connected with, the two primitive germ layers, the ectoderm and ectoderm; as, the "ectental line" or line of juncture of the two layers in the segmentation of the ovum.
Ecteron	The external layer of the skin and mucous membranes; epithelium; ecderon.
Ectethmoid	External to the ethmoid; prefrontal.
Ecthlipsis	The dropping out or suppression from a word of a consonant, with or without a vowel.
Ecthlipsis	The elision of a final m, with the preceding vowel, before a word beginning with a vowel.
Ecthorea	of Ecthoreum
Ecthoreum	The slender, hollow thread of a nettling cell or cnida. See Nettling cell.
Ecthymata	of Ecthyma
Ecthyma	A cutaneous eruption, consisting of large, round pustules, upon an indurated and inflamed base.
Ecto-	See Ect-.
Ectoblast	The outer layer of the blastoderm; the epiblast; the ectoderm.
Ectoblast	The outer envelope of a cell; the cell wall.
Ectobronchia	of Ectobronchium
Ectobronchium	One of the dorsal branches of the main bronchi in the lungs of birds.
Ectocuneriform	Alt. of Ectocuniform
Ectocuniform	One of the bones of the tarsus. See Cuneiform.
Ectocyst	The outside covering of the Bryozoa.
Ectoderm	The outer layer of the blastoderm; epiblast.
Ectoderm	The external skin or outer layer of an animal or plant, this being formed in an animal from the epiblast. See Illust. of Blastoderm.
Ectodermal	Alt. of Ectodermic
Ectodermic	Of or relating to the ectoderm.
Ectolecithal	Having the food yolk, at the commencement of segmentation, in a peripheral position, and the cleavage process confined to the center of the egg; as, ectolecithal ova.
Ectomere	The more transparent cells, which finally become external, in many segmenting ova, as those of mammals.
Ectoparasite	Any parasite which lives on the exterior of animals; -- opposed to endoparasite.
Ectopia	A morbid displacement of parts, especially such as is congenial; as, ectopia of the heart, or of the bladder.
Ectopic	Out of place; congenitally displaced; as, an ectopic organ.
Ectoplasm	The outer transparent layer of protoplasm in a developing ovum.
Ectoplasm	The outer hyaline layer of protoplasm in a vegetable cell.
Ectoplasm	The ectosarc of protozoan.
Ectoplastic	Pertaining to, or composed of, ectoplasm.
Ectoprocta	An order of Bryozoa in which the anus lies outside the circle of tentacles.
Ectopy	Same as Ectopia.
Ectorganism	An external parasitic organism.
Ectosarc	The semisolid external layer of protoplasm in some unicellular organisms, as the amoeba; ectoplasm; exoplasm.
Ectosteal	Of or pertaining to ectostosis; as, ectosteal ossification.
Ectostosis	A process of bone formation in which ossification takes place in the perichondrium and either surrounds or gradually replaces the cartilage.
Ectozoic	See Epizoic.
Ectozoa	of Ectozoon
Ectozoon	See Epizoon.
Ectropion	An unnatural eversion of the eyelids.
Ectropium	Same as Ectropion.
Ectrotic	Having a tendency to prevent the development of anything, especially of a disease.
Ectypal	Copied, reproduced as a molding or cast, in contradistinction from the original model.
Ectype	A copy, as in pottery, of an artist's original work. Hence:
Ectype	A work sculptured in relief, as a cameo, or in bas-relief (in this sense used loosely).
Ectype	A copy from an original; a type of something that has previously existed.
Ectypography	A method of etching in which the design upon the plate is produced in relief.
Ecumenic	Alt. of Ecumenical
Ecumenical	General; universal; in ecclesiastical usage, that which concerns the whole church; as, an ecumenical council.
Ecurie	A stable.
Eczema	An inflammatory disease of the skin, characterized by the presence of redness and itching, an eruption of small vesicles, and the discharge of a watery exudation, which often dries up, leaving the skin covered with crusts; -- called also tetter, milk crust, and salt rheum.
Eczematous	Pertaining to eczema; having the characteristic of eczema.
-ed	The termination of the past participle of regular, or weak, verbs; also, of analogous participial adjectives from nouns; as, pigmented; talented.
Edacious	Given to eating; voracious; devouring.
Edacity	Greediness; voracity; ravenousness; rapacity.
Eddas	of Edda
Edda	The religious or mythological book of the old Scandinavian tribes of German origin, containing two collections of Sagas (legends, myths) of the old northern gods and heroes.
Eddaic	Alt. of Eddic
Eddic	Relating to the Eddas; resembling the Eddas.
Edder	An adder or serpent.
Edder	Flexible wood worked into the top of hedge stakes, to bind them together.
Edder	To bind the top interweaving edder; as, to edder a hedge.
Eddish	Aftermath; also, stubble and stubble field. See Arrish.
Eddoes	The tubers of Colocasia antiquorum. See Taro.
Eddies	of Eddy
Eddy	A current of air or water running back, or in a direction contrary to the main current.
Eddy	A current of water or air moving in a circular direction; a whirlpool.
Eddied	of Eddy
Eddying	of Eddy
Eddy	To move as an eddy, or as in an eddy; to move in a circle.
Eddy	To collect as into an eddy.
Edelweiss	A little, perennial, white, woolly plant (Leontopodium alpinum), growing at high elevations in the Alps.
Edema	Same as oedema.
Edematous	Alt. of Edematose
Edematose	Same as oedematous.
Eden	The garden where Adam and Eve first dwelt; hence, a delightful region or residence.
Edenic	Of or pertaining to Eden; paradisaic.
Edenite	A variety of amphibole. See Amphibole.
Edenized	Admitted to a state of paradisaic happiness.
Edental	See Edentate, a.
Edental	One of the Edentata.
Edentalous	See Edentate, a.
Edentata	An order of mammals including the armadillos, sloths, and anteaters; -- called also Bruta. The incisor teeth are rarely developed, and in some groups all the teeth are lacking.
Edentate	Destitute of teeth; as, an edentate quadruped; an edentate leaf.
Edentate	Belonging to the Edentata.
Edentate	One of the Edentata.
Edentated	Same as Edentate, a.
Edentation	A depriving of teeth.
Edentulous	Toothless.
Edge	The thin cutting side of the blade of an instrument; as, the edge of an ax, knife, sword, or scythe. Hence, figuratively, that which cuts as an edge does, or wounds deeply, etc.
Edge	Any sharp terminating border; a margin; a brink; extreme verge; as, the edge of a table, a precipice.
Edge	Sharpness; readiness of fitness to cut; keenness; intenseness of desire.
Edge	The border or part adjacent to the line of division; the beginning or early part; as, in the edge of evening.
Edged	of Edge
Edging	of Edge
Edge	To furnish with an edge as a tool or weapon; to sharpen.
Edge	To shape or dress the edge of, as with a tool.
Edge	To furnish with a fringe or border; as, to edge a dress; to edge a garden with box.
Edge	To make sharp or keen, figuratively; to incite; to exasperate; to goad; to urge or egg on.
Edge	To move by little and little or cautiously, as by pressing forward edgewise; as, edging their chairs forwards.
Edge	To move sideways; to move gradually; as, edge along this way.
Edge	To sail close to the wind.
Edgebone	Same as Aitchbone.
Edgeless	Without an edge; not sharp; blunt; obtuse; as, an edgeless sword or weapon.
Edgelong	In the direction of the edge.
Edgeshot	Having an edge planed, -- said of a board.
Edgeways	Alt. of Edgewise
Edgewise	With the edge towards anything; in the direction of the edge.
Edging	That which forms an edge or border, as the fringe, trimming, etc., of a garment, or a border in a garden.
Edging	The operation of shaping or dressing the edge of anything, as of a piece of metal.
Edgingly	Gradually; gingerly.
Edgy	Easily irritated; sharp; as, an edgy temper.
Edgy	Having some of the forms, such as drapery or the like, too sharply defined.
Edh	The name of the Anglo-Saxon letter /, capital form /. It is sounded as "English th in a similar word: //er, other, d//, doth."
Edibility	Suitableness for being eaten; edibleness.
Edible	Fit to be eaten as food; eatable; esculent; as, edible fishes.
Edible	Anything edible.
Edibleness	Suitableness for being eaten.
Edict	A public command or ordinance by the sovereign power; the proclamation of a law made by an absolute authority, as if by the very act of announcement; a decree; as, the edicts of the Roman emperors; the edicts of the French monarch.
Edictal	Relating to, or consisting of, edicts; as, the Roman edictal law.
Edificant	Building; constructing.
Edification	The act of edifying, or the state of being edified; a building up, especially in a moral or spiritual sense; moral, intellectual, or spiritual improvement; instruction.
Edification	A building or edifice.
Edificatory	Tending to edification.
Edifice	A building; a structure; an architectural fabric; -- chiefly applied to elegant houses, and other large buildings; as, a palace, a church, a statehouse.
Edificial	Pertaining to an edifice; structural.
Edifier	One who builds.
Edifier	One who edifies, builds up, or strengthens another by moral or religious instruction.
Edified	of Edify
Edifying	of Edify
Edify	To build; to construct.
Edify	To instruct and improve, especially in moral and religious knowledge; to teach.
Edify	To teach or persuade.
Edify	To improve.
Edifying	Instructing; improving; as, an edifying conversation.
Edile	See Aedile.
Edileship	The office of aedile.
Edingtonite	A grayish white zeolitic mineral, in tetragonal crystals. It is a hydrous silicate of alumina and baryta.
Edited	of Edit
Editing	of Edit
Edit	To superintend the publication of; to revise and prepare for publication; to select, correct, arrange, etc., the matter of, for publication; as, to edit a newspaper.
Edition	A literary work edited and published, as by a certain editor or in a certain manner; as, a good edition of Chaucer; Chalmers' edition of Shakespeare.
Edition	The whole number of copies of a work printed and published at one time; as, the first edition was soon sold.
Edition de luxe	See Luxe.
Editioner	An editor.
Editor	One who edits; esp., a person who prepares, superintends, revises, and corrects a book, magazine, or newspaper, etc., for publication.
Editorial	Of or pertaining to an editor; written or sanctioned by an editor; as, editorial labors; editorial remarks.
Editorial	A leading article in a newspaper or magazine; an editorial article; an article published as an expression of the views of the editor.
Editorially	In the manner or character of an editor or of an editorial article.
Editorship	The office or charge of an editor; care and superintendence of a publication.
Editress	A female editor.
Edituate	To guard as a churchwarden does.
Edomite	One of the descendants of Esau or Edom, the brother of Jacob; an Idumean.
Edriophthalma	A group of Crustacea in which the eyes are without stalks; the Arthrostraca.
Edriophthalmous	Pertaining to the Edriophthalma.
Educability	Capability of being educated.
Educable	Capable of being educated.
Educated	of Educate
Educating	of Educate
Educate	To bring /// or guide the powers of, as a child; to develop and cultivate, whether physically, mentally, or morally, but more commonly limited to the mental activities or senses; to expand, strengthen, and discipline, as the mind, a faculty, etc.,; to form and regulate the principles and character of; to prepare and fit for any calling or business by systematic instruction; to cultivate; to train; to instruct; as, to educate a child; to educate the eye or the taste.
Educated	Formed or developed by education; as, an educated man.
Education	The act or process of educating; the result of educating, as determined by the knowledge skill, or discipline of character, acquired; also, the act or process of training by a prescribed or customary course of study or discipline; as, an education for the bar or the pulpit; he has finished his education.
Educational	Of or pertaining to education.
Educationist	One who is versed in the theories of, or who advocates and promotes, education.
Educative	Tending to educate; that gives education; as, an educative process; an educative experience.
Educator	One who educates; a teacher.
Educed	of Educe
Educing	of Educe
Educe	To bring or draw out; to cause to appear; to produce against counter agency or influence; to extract; to evolve; as, to educe a form from matter.
Educible	Capable of being educed.
Educt	That which is educed, as by analysis.
Eduction	The act of drawing out or bringing into view.
Eductive	Tending to draw out; extractive.
Eductor	One who, or that which, brings forth, elicits, or extracts.
Edulcorant	Having a tendency to purify or to sweeten by removing or correcting acidity and acrimony.
Edulcorant	An edulcorant remedy.
Edulcorated	of Edulcorate
Edulcorating	of Edulcorate
Edulcorate	To render sweet; to sweeten; to free from acidity.
Edulcorate	To free from acids, salts, or other soluble substances, by washing; to purify.
Edulcoration	The act of sweetening or edulcorating.
Edulcoration	The act of freeing from acids or any soluble substances, by affusions of water.
Edulcorative	Tending to /weeten or purify by affusions of water.
Edulcorator	A contrivance used to supply small quantities of sweetened liquid, water, etc., to any mixture, or to test tubes, etc.; a dropping bottle.
Edulious	Edible.
-ee	A suffix used, chiefly in law terms, in a passive signification, to indicate the direct or indirect object of an action, or the one to whom an act is done or on whom a right is conferred; as in assignee, donee, alienee, grantee, etc. It is correlative to -or, the agent or doer.
Eek	Alt. of Eeke
Eeke	See Eke.
Eel	An elongated fish of many genera and species. The common eels of Europe and America belong to the genus Anguilla. The electrical eel is a species of Gymnotus. The so called vinegar eel is a minute nematode worm. See Conger eel, Electric eel, and Gymnotus.
Eelbuck	An eelpot or eel basket.
Eelfare	A brood of eels.
Eelgrass	A plant (Zostera marina), with very long and narrow leaves, growing abundantly in shallow bays along the North Atlantic coast.
Eel-mother	The eelpout.
Eelpot	A boxlike structure with funnel-shaped traps for catching eels; an eelbuck.
Eelpout	A European fish (Zoarces viviparus), remarkable for producing living young; -- called also greenbone, guffer, bard, and Maroona eel. Also, an American species (Z. anguillaris), -- called also mutton fish, and, erroneously, congo eel, ling, and lamper eel. Both are edible, but of little value.
Eelpout	A fresh-water fish, the burbot.
Eelspear	A spear with barbed forks for spearing eels.
E'en	A contraction for even. See Even.
Een	The old plural of Eye.
E'er	A contraction for ever. See Ever.
Eerie	Alt. of Eery
Eery	Serving to inspire fear, esp. a dread of seeing ghosts; wild; weird; as, eerie stories.
Eery	Affected with fear; affrighted.
Eerily	In a strange, unearthly way.
Eerisome	Causing fear; eerie.
Eet	of Eat.
Effable	Capable of being uttered or explained; utterable.
Effaced	of Efface
Effacing	of Efface
Efface	To cause to disappear (as anything impresses or inscribed upon a surface) by rubbing out, striking out, etc.; to erase; to render illegible or indiscernible; as, to efface the letters on a monument, or the inscription on a coin.
Efface	To destroy, as a mental impression; to wear away.
Effaceable	Capable of being effaced.
Effacement	The act if effacing; also, the result of the act.
Effascinate	To charm; to bewitch.
Effascination	A charming; state of being bewitched or deluded.
Effect	Execution; performance; realization; operation; as, the law goes into effect in May.
Effect	Manifestation; expression; sign.
Effect	In general: That which is produced by an agent or cause; the event which follows immediately from an antecedent, called the cause; result; consequence; outcome; fruit; as, the effect of luxury.
Effect	Impression left on the mind; sensation produced.
Effect	Power to produce results; efficiency; force; importance; account; as, to speak with effect.
Effect	Consequence intended; purpose; meaning; general intent; -- with to.
Effect	The purport; the sum and substance.
Effect	Reality; actual meaning; fact, as distinguished from mere appearance.
Effect	Goods; movables; personal estate; -- sometimes used to embrace real as well as personal property; as, the people escaped from the town with their effects.
Effected	of Effect
Effecting	of Effect
Effect	To produce, as a cause or agent; to cause to be.
Effect	To bring to pass; to execute; to enforce; to achieve; to accomplish.
Effecter	One who effects.
Effectible	Capable of being done or achieved; practicable; feasible.
Effection	Creation; a doing.
Effective	Having the power to produce an effect or effects; producing a decided or decisive effect; efficient; serviceable; operative; as, an effective force, remedy, speech; the effective men in a regiment.
Effective	That which produces a given effect; a cause.
Effective	One who is capable of active service.
Effective	Specie or coin, as distinguished from paper currency; -- a term used in many parts of Europe.
Effectively	With effect; powerfully; completely; thoroughly.
Effectiveness	The quality of being effective.
Effectless	Without effect or advantage; useless; bootless.
Effector	An effecter.
Effectual	Producing, or having adequate power or force to produce, an intended effect; adequate; efficient; operative; decisive.
Effectually	With effect; efficaciously.
Effectually	Actually; in effect.
Effectualness	The quality of being effectual.
Effectuated	of Effectuate
Effectuating	of Effectuate
Effectuate	To bring to pass; to effect; to achieve; to accomplish; to fulfill.
Effectuation	Act of effectuating.
Effectuose	Alt. of Effectuous
Effectuous	Effective.
Effectuously	Effectively.
Effeminacies	of Effeminacy
Effeminacy	Characteristic quality of a woman, such as softness, luxuriousness, delicacy, or weakness, which is unbecoming a man; womanish delicacy or softness; -- used reproachfully of men.
Effeminate	Having some characteristic of a woman, as delicacy, luxuriousness, etc.; soft or delicate to an unmanly degree; womanish; weak.
Effeminate	Womanlike; womanly; tender; -- in a good sense.
Effeminated	of Effeminate
Effeminating	of Effeminate
Effeminate	To make womanish; to make soft and delicate; to weaken.
Effeminate	To grow womanish or weak.
Effeminately	In an effeminate or womanish manner; weakly; softly; delicately.
Effeminately	By means of a woman; by the power or art of a woman.
Effeminateness	The state of being effeminate; unmanly softness.
Effemination	Effeminacy; womanishness.
Effeminize	To make effeminate.
Effendi	Master; sir; -- a title of a Turkish state official and man of learning, especially one learned in the law.
Efferent	Conveying outward, or discharging; -- applied to certain blood vessels, lymphatics, nerves, etc.
Efferent	Conveyed outward; as, efferent impulses, i. e., such as are conveyed by the motor or efferent nerves from the central nervous organ outwards; -- opposed to afferent.
Efferent	An efferent duct or stream.
Efferous	Like a wild beast; fierce.
Effervesced	of Effervesce
Effervescing	of Effervesce
Effervesce	To be in a state of natural ebullition; to bubble and hiss, as fermenting liquors, or any fluid, when some part escapes in a gaseous form.
Effervesce	To exhibit, in lively natural expression, feelings that can not be repressed or concealed; as, to effervesce with joy or merriment.
Effervescence	Alt. of Effervescency
Effervescency	A kind of natural ebullition; that commotion of a fluid which takes place when some part of the mass flies off in a gaseous form, producing innumerable small bubbles; as, the effervescence of a carbonate with citric acid.
Effervescent	Gently boiling or bubbling, by means of the disengagement of gas
Effervescible	Capable of effervescing.
Effervescive	Tending to produce effervescence.
Effet	The common newt; -- called also asker, eft, evat, and ewt.
Effete	No longer capable of producing young, as an animal, or fruit, as the earth; hence, worn out with age; exhausted of energy; incapable of efficient action; no longer productive; barren; sterile.
Efficacious	Possessing the quality of being effective; productive of, or powerful to produce, the effect intended; as, an efficacious law.
Efficacity	Efficacy.
Efficacy	Power to produce effects; operation or energy of an agent or force; production of the effect intended; as, the efficacy of medicine in counteracting disease; the efficacy of prayer.
Efficience	Alt. of Efficiency
Efficiency	The quality of being efficient or producing an effect or effects; efficient power; effectual agency.
Efficiency	The ratio of useful work to energy expended.
Efficient	Causing effects; producing results; that makes the effect to be what it is; actively operative; not inactive, slack, or incapable; characterized by energetic and useful activity; as, an efficient officer, power.
Efficient	An efficient cause; a prime mover.
Efficiently	With effect; effectively.
Effierce	To make fierce.
Effigial	Relating to an effigy.
Effigiate	To form as an effigy; hence, to fashion; to adapt.
Effigiation	The act of forming in resemblance; an effigy.
Effigies	See Effigy.
Effigies	of Effigy
Effigy	The image, likeness, or representation of a person, whether a full figure, or a part; an imitative figure; -- commonly applied to sculptured likenesses, as those on monuments, or to those of the heads of princes on coins and medals, sometimes applied to portraits.
Efflagitate	To ask urgently.
Efflate	To fill with breath; to puff up.
Efflation	The act of filling with wind; a breathing or puffing out; a puff, as of wind.
Effloresced	of Effloresce
Efflorescing	of Effloresce
Effloresce	To blossom forth.
Effloresce	To change on the surface, or throughout, to a whitish, mealy, or crystalline powder, from a gradual decomposition, esp. from the loss of water, on simple exposure to the air; as, Glauber's salts, and many others, effloresce.
Effloresce	To become covered with a whitish crust or light crystallization, from a slow chemical change between some of the ingredients of the matter covered and an acid proceeding commonly from an external source; as, the walls of limestone caverns sometimes effloresce with nitrate of calcium in consequence of the action in consequence of nitric acid formed in the atmosphere.
Efflorescence	Flowering, or state of flowering; the blooming of flowers; blowth.
Efflorescence	A redness of the skin; eruption, as in rash, measles, smallpox, scarlatina, etc.
Efflorescence	The formation of the whitish powder or crust on the surface of efflorescing bodies, as salts, etc.
Efflorescence	The powder or crust thus formed.
Efflorescency	The state or quality of being efflorescent; efflorescence.
Efflorescent	That effloresces, or is liable to effloresce on exposure; as, an efflorescent salt.
Efflorescent	Covered with an efflorescence.
Efflower	To remove the epidermis of (a skin) with a concave knife, blunt in its middle part, -- as in making chamois leather.
Effluence	A flowing out, or emanation.
Effluence	That which flows or issues from any body or substance; issue; efflux.
Effluency	Effluence.
Effluent	Flowing out; as, effluent beams.
Effluent	A stream that flows out of another stream or lake.
Effluviable	Capable of being given off as an effluvium.
Effluvial	Belonging to effluvia.
Effluviate	To give forth effluvium.
Effluvia	of Effluvium
Effluvium	Subtile or invisible emanation; exhalation perceived by the sense of smell; especially, noisome or noxious exhalation; as, the effluvium from diseased or putrefying bodies, or from ill drainage.
Efflux	The act or process of flowing out, or issuing forth; effusion; outflow; as, the efflux of matter from an ulcer; the efflux of men's piety.
Efflux	That which flows out; emanation; effluence.
Efflux	To run out; to flow forth; to pass away.
Effluxion	The act of flowing out; effusion.
Effluxion	That which flows out; effluvium; emanation.
Effodient	Digging up.
Efforced	of Efforce
Efforcing	of Efforce
Efforce	To force; to constrain; to compel to yield.
Efform	To form; to shape.
Efformation	The act of giving shape or form.
Effort	An exertion of strength or power, whether physical or mental, in performing an act or aiming at an object; more or less strenuous endeavor; struggle directed to the accomplishment of an object; as, an effort to scale a wall.
Effort	A force acting on a body in the direction of its motion.
Effort	To stimulate.
Effortless	Making no effort.
Effossion	A digging out or up.
Effranchise	To enfranchise.
Effray	To frighten; to scare.
Effrayable	Frightful.
Effrenation	Unbridled license; unruliness.
Effront	To give assurance to.
Effronteries	of Effrontery
Effrontery	Impudence or boldness in confronting or in transgressing the bounds of duty or decorum; insulting presumptuousness; shameless boldness; barefaced assurance.
Effrontit	Marked by impudence.
Effrontuously	Impudently.
Effulged	of Effulge
Effulging	of Effulge
Effulge	To cause to shine with abundance of light; to radiate; to beam.
Effulge	To shine forth; to beam.
Effulgence	The state of being effulgent; extreme brilliancy; a flood of light; great luster or brightness; splendor.
Effulgent	Diffusing a flood of light; shining; luminous; beaming; bright; splendid.
Effulgently	In an effulgent manner.
Effumability	The capability of flying off in fumes or vapor.
Effume	To breathe or puff out.
Effund	To pour out.
Effuse	Poured out freely; profuse.
Effuse	Disposed to pour out freely; prodigal.
Effuse	Spreading loosely, especially on one side; as, an effuse inflorescence.
Effuse	Having the lips, or edges, of the aperture abruptly spreading; -- said of certain shells.
Effuse	Effusion; loss.
Effused	of Effuse
Effusing	of Effuse
Effuse	To pour out like a stream or freely; to cause to exude; to shed.
Effuse	To emanate; to issue.
Effusion	The act of pouring out; as, effusion of water, of blood, of grace, of words, and the like.
Effusion	That which is poured out, literally or figuratively.
Effusion	The escape of a fluid out of its natural vessel, either by rupture of the vessel, or by exudation through its walls. It may pass into the substance of an organ, or issue upon a free surface.
Effusion	The liquid escaping or exuded.
Effusive	Pouring out; pouring forth freely.
Efreet	See Afrit.
Eft	A European lizard of the genus Seps.
Eft	A salamander, esp. the European smooth newt (Triton punctatus).
Eft	Again; afterwards; soon; quickly.
Eftsoon	Alt. of Eftsoons
Eftsoons	Again; anew; a second time; at once; speedily.
Egad	An exclamation expressing exultation or surprise, etc.
Egal	Equal; impartial.
Egality	Equality.
Egean	See Aegean.
Egence	The state of needing, or of suffering a natural want.
Eger	Alt. of Egre
Egre	Sharp; bitter; acid; sour.
Eger	An impetuous flood; a bore. See Eagre.
Egerminate	To germinate.
Egest	To cast or throw out; to void, as excrement; to excrete, as the indigestible matter of the food; in an extended sense, to excrete by the lungs, skin, or kidneys.
Egesta	That which is egested or thrown off from the body by the various excretory channels; excrements; -- opposed to ingesta.
Egestion	Act or process of egesting; a voiding.
Egg	The oval or roundish body laid by domestic poultry and other birds, tortoises, etc. It consists of a yolk, usually surrounded by the "white" or albumen, and inclosed in a shell or strong membrane.
Egg	A simple cell, from the development of which the young of animals are formed; ovum; germ cell.
Egg	Anything resembling an egg in form.
Egged	of Egg
Egging	of Egg
Egg	To urge on; to instigate; to incite/
Eggar	Any bombycid moth of the genera Eriogaster and Lasiocampa; as, the oak eggar (L. roboris) of Europe.
Egg-bird	A species of tern, esp. the sooty tern (Sterna fuliginosa) of the West Indies. In the Bahama Islands the name is applied to the tropic bird, Phaethon flavirostris.
Egg-cup	A cup used for holding an egg, at table.
Eggement	Instigation; incitement.
Egger	One who gathers eggs; an eggler.
Egger	One who eggs or incites.
Eggery	A place where eggs are deposited (as by sea birds) or kept; a nest of eggs.
Egg-glass	A small sandglass, running about three minutes, for marking time in boiling eggs; also, a small glass for holding an egg, at table.
Egghot	A kind of posset made of eggs, brandy, sugar, and ale.
Eggler	One who gathers, or deals in, eggs.
Eggnog	A drink consisting of eggs beaten up with sugar, milk, and (usually) wine or spirits.
Eggplant	A plant (Solanum Melongena), of East Indian origin, allied to the tomato, and bearing a large, smooth, edible fruit, shaped somewhat like an egg; mad-apple.
Egg-shaped	Resembling an egg in form; ovoid.
Eggshell	The shell or exterior covering of an egg. Also used figuratively for anything resembling an eggshell.
Eggshell	A smooth, white, marine, gastropod shell of the genus Ovulum, resembling an egg in form.
Egg squash	A variety of squash with small egg-shaped fruit.
Eghen	Eyes.
Egilopical	Pertaining to, of the nature of, or affected with, an aegilops, or tumor in the corner of the eye.
Egilops	See Aegilops.
Eglandulose	Alt. of Eglandulous
Eglandulous	Destitute of glands.
Eglantine	A species of rose (Rosa Eglanteria), with fragrant foliage and flowers of various colors.
Eglantine	The sweetbrier (R. rubiginosa).
Eglatere	Eglantine.
Egling	The European perch when two years old.
Eglomerate	To unwind, as a thread from a ball.
Ego	The conscious and permanent subject of all psychical experiences, whether held to be directly known or the product of reflective thought; -- opposed to non-ego.
Egoical	Pertaining to egoism.
Egoism	The doctrine of certain extreme adherents or disciples of Descartes and Johann Gottlieb Fichte, which finds all the elements of knowledge in the ego and the relations which it implies or provides for.
Egoism	Excessive love and thought of self; the habit of regarding one's self as the center of every interest; selfishness; -- opposed to altruism.
Egoist	One given overmuch to egoism or thoughts of self.
Egoist	A believer in egoism.
Egoistic	Alt. of Egoistical
Egoistical	Pertaining to egoism; imbued with egoism or excessive thoughts of self; self-loving.
Egoistically	In an egoistic manner.
Egoity	Personality.
Egomism	Egoism.
Egophonic	Belonging to, or resembling, egophony.
Egophony	The sound of a patient's voice so modified as to resemble the bleating of a goat, heard on applying the ear to the chest in certain diseases within its cavity, as in pleurisy with effusion.
Egotheism	The deification of self.
Egotism	The practice of too frequently using the word I; hence, a speaking or writing overmuch of one's self; self-exaltation; self-praise; the act or practice of magnifying one's self or parading one's own doings. The word is also used in the sense of egoism.
Egotist	One addicted to egotism; one who speaks much of himself or magnifies his own achievements or affairs.
Egotistic	Alt. of Egotistical
Egotistical	Addicted to, or manifesting, egotism.
Egotistically	With egotism.
Egotized	of Egotize
Egotizing	of Egotize
Egotize	To talk or write as an egotist.
Egranulose	Having no granules, as chlorophyll in certain conditions.
Egre	See Eager, and Eagre.
Egregious	Surpassing; extraordinary; distinguished (in a bad sense); -- formerly used with words importing a good quality, but now joined with words having a bad sense; as, an egregious rascal; an egregious ass; an egregious mistake.
Egregiously	Greatly; enormously; shamefully; as, egregiously cheated.
Egregiousness	The state of being egregious.
Egremoin	Agrimony (Agrimonia Eupatoria).
Egress	The act of going out or leaving, or the power to leave; departure.
Egress	The passing off from the sun's disk of an inferior planet, in a transit.
Egress	To go out; to depart; to leave.
Egression	The act of going; egress.
Egressor	One who goes out.
Egret	The name of several species of herons which bear plumes on the back. They are generally white. Among the best known species are the American egret (Ardea, / Herodias, egretta); the great egret (A. alba); the little egret (A. garzetta), of Europe; and the American snowy egret (A. candidissima).
Egret	A plume or tuft of feathers worn as a part of a headdress, or anything imitating such an ornament; an aigrette.
Egret	The flying feathery or hairy crown of seeds or achenes, as the down of the thistle.
Egret	A kind of ape.
Egrette	Same as Egret, n., 2.
Egrimony	The herb agrimony.
Egrimony	Sorrow.
Egriot	A kind of sour cherry.
Egritude	Sickness; ailment; sorrow.
Egyptian	Pertaining to Egypt, in Africa.
Egyptian	A native, or one of the people, of Egypt; also, the Egyptian language.
Egyptian	A gypsy.
Egyptized	of Egyptize
Egyptizing	of Egyptize
Egyptize	To give an Egyptian character or appearance to.
Egyptologer	Alt. of Egyptologist
Egyptologist	One skilled in the antiquities of Egypt; a student of Egyptology.
Egyptological	Of, pertaining to, or devoted to, Egyptology.
Egyptology	The science or study of Egyptian antiquities, esp. the hieroglyphics.
Eh	An expression of inquiry or slight surprise.
Ehlite	A mineral of a green color and pearly luster; a hydrous phosphate of copper.
Eider	Any species of sea duck of the genus Somateria, esp. Somateria mollissima, which breeds in the northern parts of Europe and America, and lines its nest with fine down (taken from its own body) which is an article of commerce; -- called also eider duck. The American eider (S. Dresseri), the king eider (S. spectabilis), and the spectacled eider (Arctonetta Fischeri) are related species.
Eidograph	An instrument for copying drawings on the same or a different scale; a form of the pantograph.
Eidolon	An image or representation; a form; a phantom; an apparition.
Eigh	An exclamation expressing delight.
Eight	An island in a river; an ait.
Eight	Seven and one; as, eight years.
Eight	The number greater by a unit than seven; eight units or objects.
Eight	A symbol representing eight units, as 8 or viii.
Eighteen	Eight and ten; as, eighteen pounds.
Eighteen	The number greater by a unit than seventeen; eighteen units or objects.
Eighteen	A symbol denoting eighteen units, as 18 or xviii.
Eighteenmo	See Octodecimo.
Eighteenth	Next in order after the seventeenth.
Eighteenth	Consisting of one of eighteen equal parts or divisions of a thing.
Eighteenth	The quotient of a unit divided by eighteen; one of eighteen equal parts or divisions.
Eighteenth	The eighth after the tenth.
Eightetethe	Eighteenth.
Eightfold	Eight times a quantity.
Eighth	Next in order after the seventh.
Eighth	Consisting of one of eight equal divisions of a thing.
Eighth	The quotient of a unit divided by eight; one of eight equal parts; an eighth part.
Eighth	The interval of an octave.
Eighthly	As the eighth in order.
Eightieth	The next in order after seventy-ninth.
Eightieth	Consisting of one of eighty equal parts or divisions.
Eightieth	The quotient of a unit divided by eighty; one of eighty equal parts.
Eightling	A compound or twin crystal made up of eight individuals.
Eightscore	Eight times twenty; a hundred and sixty.
Eighty	Eight times ten; fourscore.
Eighty	The sum of eight times ten; eighty units or objects.
Eighty	A symbol representing eighty units, or ten eight times repeated, as 80 or lxxx.
Eigne	Eldest; firstborn.
Eigne	Entailed; belonging to the eldest son.
Eiking	See Eking.
Eikon	An image or effigy; -- used rather in an abstract sense, and rarely for a work of art.
Eikosane	A solid hydrocarbon, C20H42, of the paraffine series, of artificial production, and also probably occurring in petroleum.
Eikosylene	A liquid hydrocarbon, C20H38, of the acetylene series, obtained from brown coal.
Eild	Age.
Eire	Air.
Eirenarch	A justice of the peace; irenarch.
Eirenic	Pacific. See Irenic.
Eirie	See Aerie, and Eyrie.
Eisel	Vinegar; verjuice.
Eisteddfod	Am assembly or session of the Welsh bards; an annual congress of bards, minstrels and literati of Wales, -- being a patriotic revival of the old custom.
Either	One of two; the one or the other; -- properly used of two things, but sometimes of a larger number, for any one.
Either	Each of two; the one and the other; both; -- formerly, also, each of any number.
Either	precedes two, or more, coordinate words or phrases, and is introductory to an alternative. It is correlative to or.
Ejaculated	of Ejaculate
Ejaculating	of Ejaculate
Ejaculate	To throw out suddenly and swiftly, as if a dart; to dart; to eject.
Ejaculate	To throw out, as an exclamation; to utter by a brief and sudden impulse; as, to ejaculate a prayer.
Ejaculate	To utter ejaculations; to make short and hasty exclamations.
Ejaculation	The act of throwing or darting out with a sudden force and rapid flight.
Ejaculation	The uttering of a short, sudden exclamation or prayer, or the exclamation or prayer uttered.
Ejaculation	The act of ejecting or suddenly throwing, as a fluid from a duct.
Ejaculator	A muscle which helps ejaculation.
Ejaculatory	Casting or throwing out; fitted to eject; as, ejaculatory vessels.
Ejaculatory	Suddenly darted out; uttered in short sentences; as, an ejaculatory prayer or petition.
Ejaculatory	Sudden; hasty.
Ejected	of Eject
Ejecting	of Eject
Eject	To expel; to dismiss; to cast forth; to thrust or drive out; to discharge; as, to eject a person from a room; to eject a traitor from the country; to eject words from the language.
Eject	To cast out; to evict; to dispossess; as, to eject tenants from an estate.
Ejection	The act of ejecting or casting out; discharge; expulsion; evacuation.
Ejection	The act or process of discharging anything from the body, particularly the excretions.
Ejection	The state of being ejected or cast out; dispossession; banishment.
Ejectment	A casting out; a dispossession; an expulsion; ejection; as, the ejectment of tenants from their homes.
Ejectment	A species of mixed action, which lies for the recovery of possession of real property, and damages and costs for the wrongful withholding of it.
Ejector	One who, or that which, ejects or dispossesses.
Ejector	A jet jump for lifting water or withdrawing air from a space.
Ejoo	Gomuti fiber. See Gomuti.
Ejulation	A wailing; lamentation.
Ekabor	Alt. of Ekaboron
Ekaboron	The name given by Mendelejeff in accordance with the periodic law, and by prediction, to a hypothetical element then unknown, but since discovered and named scandium; -- so called because it was a missing analogue of the boron group. See Scandium.
Ekaluminium	The name given to a hypothetical element, -- later discovered and called gallium. See Gallium, and cf. Ekabor.
Ekasilicon	The name of a hypothetical element predicted and afterwards discovered and named germanium; -- so called because it was a missing analogue of the silicon group. See Germanium, and cf. Ekabor.
Eked	of Eke
Eking	of Eke
Eke	To increase; to add to; to augment; -- now commonly used with out, the notion conveyed being to add to, or piece out by a laborious, inferior, or scanty addition; as, to eke out a scanty supply of one kind with some other.
Eke	In addition; also; likewise.
Eke	An addition.
Ekebergite	A variety of scapolite.
Ekename	An additional or epithet name; a nickname.
Eking	A lengthening or filling piece to make good a deficiency in length.
Eking	The carved work under the quarter piece at the aft part of the quarter gallery.
E-la	Originally, the highest note in the scale of Guido; hence, proverbially, any extravagant saying.
Elaborate	Wrought with labor; finished with great care; studied; executed with exactness or painstaking; as, an elaborate discourse; an elaborate performance; elaborate research.
Elaborated	of Elaborate
Elaborating	of Elaborate
Elaborate	To produce with labor
Elaborate	To perfect with painstaking; to improve or refine with labor and study, or by successive operations; as, to elaborate a painting or a literary work.
Elaboration	The act or process of producing or refining with labor; improvement by successive operations; refinement.
Elaboration	The natural process of formation or assimilation, performed by the living organs in animals and vegetables, by which a crude substance is changed into something of a higher order; as, the elaboration of food into chyme; the elaboration of chyle, or sap, or tissues.
Elaborative	Serving or tending to elaborate; constructing with labor and minute attention to details.
Elaborator	One who, or that which, elaborates.
Elaboratory	Tending to elaborate.
Elaboratory	A laboratory.
Elaeagnus	A genus of shrubs or small trees, having the foliage covered with small silvery scales; oleaster.
Elaeis	A genus of palms.
Elaeolite	A variety of hephelite, usually massive, of greasy luster, and gray to reddish color.
Elaeoptene	The more liquid or volatile portion of certain oily substance, as distinguished from stearoptene, the more solid parts.
Elaidate	A salt of elaidic acid.
Elaidic	Relating to oleic acid, or elaine.
Elaidin	A solid isomeric modification of olein.
Elaine	Alt. of Elain
Elain	Same as Olein.
Elaiodic	Derived from castor oil; ricinoleic; as, elaiodic acid.
Elaiometer	An apparatus for determining the amount of oil contained in any substance, or for ascertaining the degree of purity of oil.
Elamite	A dweller in Flam (or Susiana), an ancient kingdom of Southwestern Asia, afterwards a province of Persia.
Elamping	Shining.
Elan	Ardor inspired by passion or enthusiasm.
Elanced	of Elance
Elancing	of Elance
Elance	To throw as a lance; to hurl; to dart.
Eland	A species of large South African antelope (Oreas canna). It is valued both for its hide and flesh, and is rapidly disappearing in the settled districts; -- called also Cape elk.
Eland	The elk or moose.
Elanet	A kite of the genus Elanus.
Elaolite	See Elaeolite.
Elaoptene	See Elaeoptene.
Elaphine	Pertaining to, resembling, or characteristic of, the stag, or Cervus elaphus.
Elaphure	A species of deer (Elaphurus Davidianus) found in china. It is about four feet high at the shoulder and has peculiar antlers.
Elapidation	A clearing away of stones.
Elapine	Like or pertaining to the Elapidae, a family of poisonous serpents, including the cobras. See Ophidia.
Elaps	A genus of venomous snakes found both in America and the Old World. Many species are known. See Coral snake, under Coral.
Elapsed	of Elapse
Elapsing	of Elapse
Elapse	To slip or glide away; to pass away silently, as time; -- used chiefly in reference to time.
Elapsion	The act of elapsing.
Elaqueate	To disentangle.
Elasipoda	An order of holothurians mostly found in the deep sea. They are remarkable for their bilateral symmetry and curious forms.
Elasmobranch	Of or pertaining to the Elasmobranchii.
Elasmobranch	One of the Elasmobranchii.
Elasmobranchiate	Of or pertaining to Elasmobranchii.
Elasmobranchiate	One of the Elasmobranchii.
Elasmobranchii	A subclass of fishes, comprising the sharks, the rays, and the Chimaera. The skeleton is mainly cartilaginous.
Elasmosaurus	An extinct, long-necked, marine, cretaceous reptile from Kansas, allied to Plesiosaurus.
Elastic	Springing back; having a power or inherent property of returning to the form from which a substance is bent, drawn, pressed, or twisted; springy; having the power of rebounding; as, a bow is elastic; the air is elastic; India rubber is elastic.
Elastic	Able to return quickly to a former state or condition, after being depressed or overtaxed; having power to recover easily from shocks and trials; as, elastic spirits; an elastic constitution.
Elastic	An elastic woven fabric, as a belt, braces or suspenders, etc., made in part of India rubber.
Elastical	Elastic.
Elastically	In an elastic manner; by an elastic power; with a spring.
Elasticity	The quality of being elastic; the inherent property in bodies by which they recover their former figure or dimensions, after the removal of external pressure or altering force; springiness; tendency to rebound; as, the elasticity of caoutchouc; the elasticity of the air.
Elasticity	Power of resistance to, or recovery from, depression or overwork.
Elasticness	The quality of being elastic; elasticity.
Elastin	A nitrogenous substance, somewhat resembling albumin, which forms the chemical basis of elastic tissue. It is very insoluble in most fluids, but is gradually dissolved when digested with either pepsin or trypsin.
Elate	Lifted up; raised; elevated.
Elate	Having the spirits raised by success, or by hope; flushed or exalted with confidence; elated; exultant.
Elated	of Elate
Elating	of Elate
Elate	To raise; to exalt.
Elate	To exalt the spirit of; to fill with confidence or exultation; to elevate or flush with success; to puff up; to make proud.
Elatedly	With elation.
Elatedness	The state of being elated.
Elater	One who, or that which, elates.
Elater	An elastic spiral filament for dispersing the spores, as in some liverworts.
Elater	Any beetle of the family Elateridae, having the habit, when laid on the back, of giving a sudden upward spring, by a quick movement of the articulation between the abdomen and thorax; -- called also click beetle, spring beetle, and snapping beetle.
Elater	The caudal spring used by Podura and related insects for leaping. See Collembola.
Elater	The active principle of elaterium, being found in the juice of the wild or squirting cucumber (Ecballium agreste, formerly Motordica Elaterium) and other related species. It is extracted as a bitter, white, crystalline substance, which is a violent purgative.
Elaterite	A mineral resin, of a blackish brown color, occurring in soft, flexible masses; -- called also mineral caoutchouc, and elastic bitumen.
Elaterium	A cathartic substance obtained, in the form of yellowish or greenish cakes, as the dried residue of the juice of the wild or squirting cucumber (Ecballium agreste, formerly called Momordica Elaterium).
Elaterometer	Same as Elatrometer.
Elatery	Acting force; elasticity.
Elation	A lifting up by success; exaltation; inriation with pride of prosperity.
Elative	Raised; lifted up; -- a term applied to what is also called the absolute superlative, denoting a high or intense degree of a quality, but not excluding the idea that an equal degree may exist in other cases.
Elatrometer	An instrument for measuring the degree of rarefaction of air contained in the receiver of an air pump.
Elayl	Olefiant gas or ethylene; -- so called by Berzelius from its forming an oil combining with chlorine. [Written also elayle.] See Ethylene.
Elbow	The joint or bend of the arm; the outer curve in the middle of the arm when bent.
Elbow	Any turn or bend like that of the elbow, in a wall, building, and the like; a sudden turn in a line of coast or course of a river; also, an angular or jointed part of any structure, as the raised arm of a chair or sofa, or a short pipe fitting, turning at an angle or bent.
Elbow	A sharp angle in any surface of wainscoting or other woodwork; the upright sides which flank any paneled work, as the sides of windows, where the jamb makes an elbow with the window back.
Elbowed	of Elbow
Elbowing	of Elbow
Elbow	To push or hit with the elbow, as when one pushes by another.
Elbow	To jut into an angle; to project or to bend after the manner of an elbow.
Elbow	To push rudely along; to elbow one's way.
Elbowboard	The base of a window casing, on which the elbows may rest.
Elbowchair	A chair with arms to support the elbows; an armchair.
Elbowroom	Room to extend the elbows on each side; ample room for motion or action; free scope.
Elcaja	An Arabian tree (Trichilia emetica). The fruit, which is emetic, is sometimes employed in the composition of an ointment for the cure of the itch.
Elcesaite	One of a sect of Asiatic Gnostics of the time of the Emperor Trajan.
Eld	Old.
Eld	Age; esp., old age.
Eld	Old times; former days; antiquity.
Eld	To age; to grow old.
Eld	To make old or ancient.
Elder	Older; more aged, or existing longer.
Elder	Born before another; prior in years; senior; earlier; older; as, his elder brother died in infancy; -- opposed to younger, and now commonly applied to a son, daughter, child, brother, etc.
Elder	One who is older; a superior in age; a senior.
Elder	An aged person; one who lived at an earlier period; a predecessor.
Elder	A person who, on account of his age, occupies the office of ruler or judge; hence, a person occupying any office appropriate to such as have the experience and dignity which age confers; as, the elders of Israel; the elders of the synagogue; the elders in the apostolic church.
Elder	A clergyman authorized to administer all the sacraments; as, a traveling elder.
Elder	A genus of shrubs (Sambucus) having broad umbels of white flowers, and small black or red berries.
Elderish	Somewhat old; elderly.
Elderly	Somewhat old; advanced beyond middle age; bordering on old age; as, elderly people.
Eldern	Made of elder.
Eldership	The state of being older; seniority.
Eldership	Office of an elder; collectively, a body of elders.
Elderwort	Danewort.
Eldest	Oldest; longest in duration.
Eldest	Born or living first, or before the others, as a son, daughter, brother, etc.; first in origin. See Elder.
Elding	Fuel.
El Doradoes	of El Dorado
El Dorado	A name given by the Spaniards in the 16th century to an imaginary country in the interior of South America, reputed to abound in gold and precious stones.
El Dorado	Any region of fabulous wealth; exceeding richness.
Eldritch	Hideous; ghastly; as, an eldritch shriek or laugh.
Eleatic	Of or pertaining to a certain school of Greek philosophers who taught that the only certain science is that which owes nothing to the senses, and all to the reason.
Eleatic	A philosopher of the Eleatic school.
Eleaticism	The Eleatic doctrine.
Elecampane	A large, coarse herb (Inula Helenium), with composite yellow flowers. The root, which has a pungent taste, is used as a tonic, and was formerly of much repute as a stomachic.
Elecampane	A sweetmeat made from the root of the plant.
Elect	Chosen; taken by preference from among two or more.
Elect	Chosen as the object of mercy or divine favor; set apart to eternal life.
Elect	Chosen to an office, but not yet actually inducted into it; as, bishop elect; governor or mayor elect.
Elect	One chosen or set apart.
Elect	Those who are chosen for salvation.
Elected	of Elect
Electing	of Elect
Elect	To pick out; to select; to choose.
Elect	To select or take for an office; to select by vote; as, to elect a representative, a president, or a governor.
Elect	To designate, choose, or select, as an object of mercy or favor.
Electant	One who has the power of choosing; an elector.
Electary	See Electuary.
Electic	See Eclectic.
Electicism	See Eclecticism.
Election	The act of choosing; choice; selection.
Election	The act of choosing a person to fill an office, or to membership in a society, as by ballot, uplifted hands, or viva voce; as, the election of a president or a mayor.
Election	Power of choosing; free will; liberty to choose or act.
Election	Discriminating choice; discernment.
Election	Divine choice; predestination of individuals as objects of mercy and salvation; -- one of the "five points" of Calvinism.
Election	The choice, made by a party, of two alternatives, by taking one of which, the chooser is excluded from the other.
Election	Those who are elected.
Electionered	of Electioneer
Electioneering	of Electioneer
Electioneer	To make interest for a candidate at an election; to use arts for securing the election of a candidate.
Electioneerer	One who electioneers.
Elective	Exerting the power of choice; selecting; as, an elective act.
Elective	Pertaining to, or consisting in, choice, or right of choosing; electoral.
Elective	Dependent on choice; bestowed or passing by election; as, an elective study; an elective office.
Elective	In an American college, an optional study or course of study.
Electively	In an elective manner; by choice.
Elector	One who elects, or has the right of choice; a person who is entitled to take part in an election, or to give his vote in favor of a candidate for office.
Elector	Hence, specifically, in any country, a person legally qualified to vote.
Elector	In the old German empire, one of the princes entitled to choose the emperor.
Elector	One of the persons chosen, by vote of the people in the United States, to elect the President and Vice President.
Elector	Pertaining to an election or to electors.
Electorality	The territory or dignity of an elector; electorate.
Electorate	The territory, jurisdiction, or dignity of an elector, as in the old German empire.
Electorate	The whole body of persons in a nation or state who are entitled to vote in an election, or any distinct class or division of them.
Electoress	An electress.
Electorial	Electoral.
Electorship	The office or status of an elector.
Electre	Alt. of Electer
Electer	Amber. See Electrum.
Electer	A metallic substance compounded of gold and silver; an alloy.
Electrepeter	An instrument used to change the direction of electric currents; a commutator.
Electress	The wife or widow of an elector in the old German empire.
Electric	Alt. of Electrical
Electrical	Pertaining to electricity; consisting of, containing, derived from, or produced by, electricity; as, electric power or virtue; an electric jar; electric effects; an electric spark.
Electrical	Capable of occasioning the phenomena of electricity; as, an electric or electrical machine or substance.
Electrical	Electrifying; thrilling; magnetic.
Electric	A nonconductor of electricity, as amber, glass, resin, etc., employed to excite or accumulate electricity.
Electrically	In the manner of electricity, or by means of it; thrillingly.
Electricalness	The state or quality of being electrical.
Electrician	An investigator of electricity; one versed in the science of electricity.
Electricities	of Electricity
Electricity	A power in nature, a manifestation of energy, exhibiting itself when in disturbed equilibrium or in activity by a circuit movement, the fact of direction in which involves polarity, or opposition of properties in opposite directions; also, by attraction for many substances, by a law involving attraction between surfaces of unlike polarity, and repulsion between those of like; by exhibiting accumulated polar tension when the circuit is broken; and by producing heat, light, concussion, and often chemical changes when the circuit passes between the poles or through any imperfectly conducting substance or space. It is generally brought into action by any disturbance of molecular equilibrium, whether from a chemical, physical, or mechanical, cause.
Electricity	The science which unfolds the phenomena and laws of electricity; electrical science.
Electricity	Fig.: Electrifying energy or characteristic.
Electrifiable	Capable of receiving electricity, or of being charged with it.
Electrification	The act of electrifying, or the state of being charged with electricity.
Electrified	of Electrify
Electrifying	of Electrify
Electrify	To communicate electricity to; to charge with electricity; as, to electrify a jar.
Electrify	To cause electricity to pass through; to affect by electricity; to give an electric shock to; as, to electrify a limb, or the body.
Electrify	To excite suddenly and violently, esp. by something highly delightful or inspiriting; to thrill; as, this patriotic sentiment electrified the audience.
Electrify	To become electric.
Electrine	Belonging to, or made of, amber.
Electrine	Made of electrum, an alloy used by the ancients.
Electrition	The recognition by an animal body of the electrical condition of external objects.
Electrization	The act of electrizing; electrification.
Electrized	of Electrize
Electrizing	of Electrize
Electrize	To electricity.
Electrizer	One who, or that which, electrizes.
Electro-	A prefix or combining form signifying pertaining to electricity, produced by electricity, producing or employing electricity, etc.; as, electro-negative; electro-dynamic; electro-magnet.
Electro	An electrotype.
Electro-ballistic	Pertaining to electro-ballistics.
Electro-ballistics	The art or science of measuring the force or velocity of projectiles by means of electricity.
Electro-biologist	One versed in electro-biology.
Electro-biology	That branch of biology which treats of the electrical phenomena of living organisms.
Electro-biology	That phase of mesmerism or animal magnetism, the phenomena of which are supposed to be produced by a form of electricity.
Electro-bioscopy	A method of determining the presence or absence of life in an animal organism with a current of electricity, by noting the presence or absence of muscular contraction.
Electro-capillarity	The occurrence or production of certain capillary effects by the action of an electrical current or charge.
Electro-capillary	Pert. to, or caused by, electro-capillarity.
Electro-chemical	Of or pertaining to electro-chemistry.
Electro-chemistry	That branch of science which treats of the relation of electricity to chemical changes.
Electro-chronograph	An instrument for obtaining an accurate record of the time at which any observed phenomenon occurs, or of its duration. It has an electro-magnetic register connected with a clock. See Chronograph.
Electro-chronographic	Belonging to the electro-chronograph, or recorded by the aid of it.
Electrocute	To execute or put to death by electricity. -- E*lec`tro*cu"tion, n. [Recent; Newspaper words]
Electrode	The path by which electricity is conveyed into or from a solution or other conducting medium; esp., the ends of the wires or conductors, leading from source of electricity, and terminating in the medium traversed by the current.
Electro-dynamic	Alt. of Electro-dynamical
Electro-dynamical	Pertaining to the movements or force of electric or galvanic currents; dependent on electric force.
Electro-dynamics	The phenomena of electricity in motion.
Electro-dynamics	The branch of science which treats of the properties of electric currents; dynamical electricity.
Electro-dynamometer	An instrument for measuring the strength of electro-dynamic currents.
Electro-engraving	The art or process of engraving by means of electricity.
Electro-etching	A mode of etching upon metals by electrolytic action.
Electrogenesis	Same as Electrogeny.
Electrogenic	Of or pertaining to electrogenesis; as, an electrogenic condition.
Electrogeny	A term sometimes applied to the effects (tetanus) produced in the muscles of the limbs, when a current of electricity is passed along the spinal cord or nerves.
Electro-gilding	The art or process of gilding copper, iron, etc., by means of voltaic electricity.
Electro-gilt	Gilded by means of voltaic electricity.
Electrograph	A mark, record, or tracing, made by the action of electricity.
Electro-kinetic	Of or pertaining to electro-kinetics.
Electro-kinetics	That branch of electrical science which treats of electricity in motion.
Electrolier	A branching frame, often of ornamental design, to support electric illuminating lamps.
Electrology	That branch of physical science which treats of the phenomena of electricity and its properties.
Electrolysis	The act or process of chemical decomposition, by the action of electricity; as, the electrolysis of silver or nickel for plating; the electrolysis of water.
Electrolyte	A compound decomposable, or subjected to decomposition, by an electric current.
Electrolytic	Alt. of Electrolytical
Electrolytical	Pertaining to electrolysis; as, electrolytic action.
Electrolyzable	Capable of being electrolyzed, or decomposed by electricity.
Electrolyzation	The act or the process of electrolyzing.
Electrolyzed	of Electrolyze
Electrolyzing	of Electrolyze
Electrolyze	To decompose by the direct action of electricity.
Electro-magnet	A mass, usually of soft iron, but sometimes of some other magnetic metal, as nickel or cobalt, rendered temporarily magnetic by being placed within a coil of wire through which a current of electricity is passing. The metal is generally in the form of a bar, either straight, or bent into the shape of a horseshoe.
Electro-magnetic	Of, Pertaining to, or produced by, magnetism which is developed by the passage of an electric current.
Electro-magnetism	The magnetism developed by a current of electricity; the science which treats of the development of magnetism by means of voltaic electricity, and of the properties or actions of the currents evolved.
Electro-metallurgy	The act or art precipitating a metal electro-chemical action, by which a coating is deposited, on a prepared surface, as in electroplating and electrotyping; galvanoplasty.
Electrometer	An instrument for measuring the quantity or intensity of electricity; also, sometimes, and less properly, applied to an instrument which indicates the presence of electricity (usually called an electroscope).
Electro-metric	Alt. of Electro-metrical
Electro-metrical	Pertaining to electrometry; made by means of electrometer; as, an electrometrical experiment.
Elextrometry	The art or process of making electrical measurements.
Electro-motion	The motion of electricity or its passage from one metal to another in a voltaic circuit; mechanical action produced by means of electricity.
Electro-motive	Producing electro-motion; producing, or tending to produce, electricity or an electric current; causing electrical action or effects.
Electromotor	A mover or exciter of electricity; as apparatus for generating a current of electricity.
Electromotor	An apparatus or machine for producing motion and mechanical effects by the action of electricity; an electro-magnetic engine.
Electro-muscular	Pertaining the reaction (contraction) of the muscles under electricity, or their sensibility to it.
Electron	Amber; also, the alloy of gold and silver, called electrum.
Electro-negative	Having the property of being attracted by an electro-positive body, or a tendency to pass to the positive pole in electrolysis, by the law that opposite electricities attract each other.
Electro-negative	Negative; nonmetallic; acid; -- opposed to positive, metallic, or basic.
Electro-negative	A body which passes to the positive pole in electrolysis.
Electropathy	The treatment of disease by electricity.
Electrophone	An instrument for producing sound by means of electric currents.
Electrophori	of Electrophorus
Electrophorus	An instrument for exciting electricity, and repeating the charge indefinitely by induction, consisting of a flat cake of resin, shelllac, or ebonite, upon which is placed a plate of metal.
Electro-physiological	Pertaining to electrical results produced through physiological agencies, or by change of action in a living organism.
Electro-physiology	That branch of physiology which treats of electric phenomena produced through physiological agencies.
Electroplating	of Electroplate
Electroplate	To plate or cover with a coating of metal, usually silver, nickel, or gold, by means of electrolysis.
Electroplater	One who electroplates.
Electroplating	The art or process of depositing a coating (commonly) of silver, gold, or nickel on an inferior metal, by means of electricity.
Electro-polar	Possessing electrical polarity; positively electrified at one end, or on one surface, and negatively at the other; -- said of a conductor.
Electro-positive	Of such a nature relatively to some other associated body or bodies, as to tend to the negative pole of a voltaic battery, in electrolysis, while the associated body tends to the positive pole; -- the converse or correlative of electro-negative.
Electro-positive	Hence: Positive; metallic; basic; -- distinguished from negative, nonmetallic, or acid.
Electro-positive	A body which passes to the negative pole in electrolysis.
Electro-puncturation	Alt. of Electro-puncturing
Electro-puncturing	See Electropuncture.
Electro-puncture	An operation that consists in inserting needless in the part affected, and connecting them with the poles of a galvanic apparatus.
Electroscope	An instrument for detecting the presence of electricity, or changes in the electric state of bodies, or the species of electricity present, as by means of pith balls, and the like.
Electroscopic	Relating to, or made by means of, the electroscope.
Electrostatic	Pertaining to electrostatics.
Electrostatics	That branch of science which treats of statical electricity or electric force in a state of rest.
Electro-stereotype	Same as Electrotype.
Electro-telegraphic	Pertaining to the electric telegraph, or by means of it.
Electro-telegraphy	The art or science of constructing or using the electric telegraph; the transmission of messages by means of the electric telegraph.
Electro-therapeutics	The branch of medical science which treats of the applications agent.
Electro-thermancy	That branch of electrical science which treats of the effect of an electric current upon the temperature of a conductor, or a part of a circuit composed of two different metals.
Electro-tint	A style   of engraving in relief by means of voltaic electricity. A picture is drawn on a metallic plate with some material which resists the fluids of a battery; so that, in electro-typing, the parts not covered by the varnish, etc., receive a deposition of metal, and produce the required copy in intaglio. A cast of this is then the plate for printing.
Electrotonic	Of or pertaining to electrical tension; -- said of a supposed peculiar condition of a conducting circuit during its exposure to the action of another conducting circuit traversed by a uniform electric current when both circuits remain stationary.
Electrotonic	Relating to electrotonus; as, the electrotonic condition of a nerve.
Electrotonize	To cause or produce electrotonus.
Electrotonous	Electrotonic.
Electrotonus	The modified condition of a nerve, when a constant current of electricity passes through any part of it. See Anelectrotonus, and Catelectrotonus.
Electrotype	A facsimile plate made by electrotypy for use in printing; also, an impression or print from such plate. Also used adjectively.
Electrotyped	of Electrotype
Electrotyping	of Electrotype
Electrotype	To make facsimile plates of by the electrotype process; as, to electrotype a page of type, a book, etc. See Electrotype, n.
Electrotyper	One who electrotypes.
Electrotypic	Pertaining to, or effected by means of, electrotypy.
Electrotyping	The act or the process of making electrotypes.
Electrotypy	The process of producing electrotype plates. See Note under Electrotype, n.
Electro-vital	Derived from, or dependent upon, vital processes; -- said of certain electric currents supposed by some physiologists to circulate in the nerves of animals.
Electro-vitalism	The theory that the functions of living organisms are dependent upon electricity or a kindred force.
Electrum	Amber.
Electrum	An alloy of gold and silver, of an amber color, used by the ancients.
Electrum	German-silver plate. See German silver, under German.
Electuaries	of Electuary
Electuary	A medicine composed of powders, or other ingredients, incorporated with some convserve, honey, or sirup; a confection. See the note under Confection.
Eleemosynarily	In an eleemosynary manner; by charity; charitably.
Eleemosynary	Relating to charity, alms, or almsgiving; intended for the distribution of charity; as, an eleemosynary corporation.
Eleemosynary	Given in charity or alms; having the nature of alms; as, eleemosynary assistance.
Eleemosynary	Supported by charity; as, eleemosynary poor.
Eleemosynaries	of Eleemosynary
Eleemosynary	One who subsists on charity; a dependent.
Elegance	Alt. of Elegancy
Elegancy	The state or quality of being elegant; beauty as resulting from choice qualities and the complete absence of what deforms or impresses unpleasantly; grace given by art or practice; fine polish; refinement; -- said of manners, language, style, form, architecture, etc.
Elegancy	That which is elegant; that which is tasteful and highly attractive.
Elegant	Very choice, and hence, pleasing to good taste; characterized by grace, propriety, and refinement, and the absence of every thing offensive; exciting admiration and approbation by symmetry, completeness, freedom from blemish, and the like; graceful; tasteful and highly attractive; as, elegant manners; elegant style of composition; an elegant speaker; an elegant structure.
Elegant	Exercising a nice choice; discriminating beauty or sensitive to beauty; as, elegant taste.
Elegantly	In a manner to please nice taste; with elegance; with due symmetry; richly.
Elegiac	Belonging to elegy, or written in elegiacs; plaintive; expressing sorrow or lamentation; as, an elegiac lay; elegiac strains.
Elegiac	Used in elegies; as, elegiac verse; the elegiac distich or couplet, consisting of a dactylic hexameter and pentameter.
Elegiac	Elegiac verse.
Elegiacal	Elegiac.
Elegiast	One who composes elegies.
Elegiographer	An elegist.
Elegist	A write of elegies.
Elegit	A judicial writ of execution, by which a defendant's goods are appraised and delivered to the plaintiff, and, if not sufficient to satisfy the debt, all of his lands are delivered, to be held till the debt is paid by the rents and profits, or until the defendant's interest has expired.
Elegize	To lament in an elegy; to celebrate in elegiac verse; to bewail.
Elegies	of Elegy
Elegy	A mournful or plaintive poem; a funereal song; a poem of lamentation.
Eleidin	Lifeless matter deposited in the form of minute granules within the protoplasm of living cells.
Element	One of the simplest or essential parts or principles of which anything consists, or upon which the constitution or fundamental powers of anything are based.
Element	One of the ultimate, undecomposable constituents of any kind of matter. Specifically: (Chem.) A substance which cannot be decomposed into different kinds of matter by any means at present employed; as, the elements of water are oxygen and hydrogen.
Element	One of the ultimate parts which are variously combined in anything; as, letters are the elements of written language; hence, also, a simple portion of that which is complex, as a shaft, lever, wheel, or any simple part in a machine; one of the essential ingredients of any mixture; a constituent part; as, quartz, feldspar, and mica are the elements of granite.
Element	One out of several parts combined in a system of aggregation, when each is of the nature of the whole; as, a single cell is an element of the honeycomb.
Element	One of the smallest natural divisions of the organism, as a blood corpuscle, a muscular fiber.
Element	One of the simplest essential parts, more commonly called cells, of which animal and vegetable organisms, or their tissues and organs, are composed.
Element	An infinitesimal part of anything of the same nature as the entire magnitude considered; as, in a solid an element may be the infinitesimal portion between any two planes that are separated an indefinitely small distance. In the calculus, element is sometimes used as synonymous with differential.
Element	Sometimes a curve, or surface, or volume is considered as described by a moving point, or curve, or surface, the latter being at any instant called an element of the former.
Element	One of the terms in an algebraic expression.
Element	One of the necessary data or values upon which a system of calculations depends, or general conclusions are based; as, the elements of a planet's orbit.
Element	The simplest or fundamental principles of any system in philosophy, science, or art; rudiments; as, the elements of geometry, or of music.
Element	Any outline or sketch, regarded as containing the fundamental ideas or features of the thing in question; as, the elements of a plan.
Element	One of the simple substances, as supposed by the ancient philosophers; one of the imaginary principles of matter.
Element	The four elements were, air, earth, water, and fire
Element	the conditions and movements of the air.
Element	The elements of the alchemists were salt, sulphur, and mercury.
Element	The whole material composing the world.
Element	The bread and wine used in the eucharist or Lord's supper.
Element	To compound of elements or first principles.
Element	To constitute; to make up with elements.
Elemental	Pertaining to the elements, first principles, and primary ingredients, or to the four supposed elements of the material world; as, elemental air.
Elemental	Pertaining to rudiments or first principles; rudimentary; elementary.
Elementalism	The theory that the heathen divinities originated in the personification of elemental powers.
Elementality	The condition of being composed of elements, or a thing so composed.
Elementally	According to elements; literally; as, the words, "Take, eat; this is my body," elementally understood.
Elementar	Elementary.
Elementariness	The state of being elementary; original simplicity; uncompounded state.
Elementarity	Elementariness.
Elementary	Having only one principle or constituent part; consisting of a single element; simple; uncompounded; as, an elementary substance.
Elementary	Pertaining to, or treating of, the elements, rudiments, or first principles of anything; initial; rudimental; introductory; as, an elementary treatise.
Elementary	Pertaining to one of the four elements, air, water, earth, fire.
Elementation	Instruction in the elements or first principles.
Elementoid	Resembling an element.
Elemi	A fragrant gum resin obtained chiefly from tropical trees of the genera Amyris and Canarium. A. elemifera yields Mexican elemi; C. commune, the Manila elemi. It is used in the manufacture of varnishes, also in ointments and plasters.
Elemin	A transparent, colorless oil obtained from elemi resin by distillation with water; also, a crystallizable extract from the resin.
Elenchs	of Elench
Elench	That part of an argument on which its conclusiveness depends; that which convinces of refutes an antagonist; a refutation.
Elench	A specious but fallacious argument; a sophism.
Elenchical	Pertaining to an elench.
Elenchically	By means of an elench.
Elenchize	To dispute.
Elenchtic	Alt. of Elenchtical
Elenchtical	Same as Elenctic.
Elenchus	Same as Elench.
Elenctic	Alt. of Elenctical
Elenctical	Serving to refute; refutative; -- applied to indirect modes of proof, and opposed to deictic.
Elenge	Sorrowful; wretched; full of trouble.
Elengeness	Loneliness; misery.
Elephansy	Elephantiasis.
Elephant	A mammal of the order Proboscidia, of which two living species, Elephas Indicus and E. Africanus, and several fossil species, are known. They have a proboscis or trunk, and two large ivory tusks proceeding from the extremity of the upper jaw, and curving upwards. The molar teeth are large and have transverse folds. Elephants are the largest land animals now existing.
Elephant	Ivory; the tusk of the elephant.
Elephantiac	Affected with elephantiasis; characteristic of elephantiasis.
Elephantiasis	A disease of the skin, in which it become enormously thickened, and is rough, hard, and fissured, like an elephant's hide.
Elephantine	Pertaining to the elephant, or resembling an elephant (commonly, in size); hence, huge; immense; heavy; as, of elephantine proportions; an elephantine step or tread.
Elephantoid	Alt. of Elephantoidal
Elephantoidal	Resembling an elephant in form or appearance.
Eleusinian	Pertaining to Eleusis, in Greece, or to secret rites in honor of Ceres, there celebrated; as, Eleusinian mysteries or festivals.
Eleutheromania	A mania or frantic zeal for freedom.
Eleutheromaniac	Mad for freedom.
Eleuthero-petalous	Having the petals free, that is, entirely separate from each other; -- said of both plant and flower.
Elevate	Elevated; raised aloft.
Elevated	of Elevate
Elevating	of Elevate
Elevate	To bring from a lower place to a higher; to lift up; to raise; as, to elevate a weight, a flagstaff, etc.
Elevate	To raise to a higher station; to promote; as, to elevate to an office, or to a high social position.
Elevate	To raise from a depressed state; to animate; to cheer; as, to elevate the spirits.
Elevate	To exalt; to ennoble; to dignify; as, to elevate the mind or character.
Elevate	To raise to a higher pitch, or to a greater degree of loudness; -- said of sounds; as, to elevate the voice.
Elevate	To intoxicate in a slight degree; to render tipsy.
Elevate	To lessen; to detract from; to disparage.
Elevated	Uplifted; high; lofty; also, animated; noble; as, elevated thoughts.
Elevatedness	The quality of being elevated.
Elevation	The act of raising from a lower place, condition, or quality to a higher; -- said of material things, persons, the mind, the voice, etc.; as, the elevation of grain; elevation to a throne; elevation of mind, thoughts, or character.
Elevation	Condition of being elevated; height; exaltation.
Elevation	That which is raised up or elevated; an elevated place or station; as, an elevation of the ground; a hill.
Elevation	The distance of a celestial object above the horizon, or the arc of a vertical circle intercepted between it and the horizon; altitude; as, the elevation of the pole, or of a star.
Elevation	The angle which the style makes with the substylar line.
Elevation	The movement of the axis of a piece in a vertical plane; also, the angle of elevation, that is, the angle between the axis of the piece and the line o/  sight; -- distinguished from direction.
Elevation	A geometrical projection of a building, or other object, on a plane perpendicular to the horizon; orthographic projection on a vertical plane; -- called by the ancients the orthography.
Elevator	One who, or that which, raises or lifts up anything
Elevator	A mechanical contrivance, usually an endless belt or chain with a series of scoops or buckets, for transferring grain to an upper loft for storage.
Elevator	A cage or platform and the hoisting machinery in a hotel, warehouse, mine, etc., for conveying persons, goods, etc., to or from different floors or levels; -- called in England a lift; the cage or platform itself.
Elevator	A building for elevating, storing, and discharging, grain.
Elevator	A muscle which serves to raise a part of the body, as the leg or the eye.
Elevator	An instrument for raising a depressed portion of a bone.
Elevatory	Tending to raise, or having power to elevate; as, elevatory forces.
Elevatory	See Elevator, n. (e).
Eleve	A pupil; a student.
Eleven	Ten and one added; as, eleven men.
Eleven	The sum of ten and one; eleven units or objects.
Eleven	A symbol representing eleven units, as 11 or xi.
Eleven	The eleven men selected to play on one side in a match, as the representatives of a club or a locality; as, the all-England eleven.
Eleventh	Next after the tenth; as, the eleventh chapter.
Eleventh	Constituting one of eleven parts into which a thing is divided; as, the eleventh part of a thing.
Eleventh	Of or pertaining to the interval of the octave and the fourth.
Eleventh	The quotient of a unit divided by eleven; one of eleven equal parts.
Eleventh	The interval consisting of ten conjunct degrees; the interval made up of an octave and a fourth.
Elves	of Elf
Elf	An imaginary supernatural being, commonly a little sprite, much like a fairy; a mythological diminutive spirit, supposed to haunt hills and wild places, and generally represented as delighting in mischievous tricks.
Elf	A very diminutive person; a dwarf.
Elf	To entangle mischievously, as an elf might do.
Elfin	Relating to elves.
Elfin	A little elf or urchin.
Elfish	Of or relating to the elves; elflike; implike; weird; scarcely human; mischievous, as though caused by elves.
Elfishly	In an elfish manner.
Elfishness	The quality of being elfish.
Elfkin	A little elf.
Elfland	Fairyland.
Elflock	Hair matted, or twisted into a knot, as if by elves.
Elgin marbles	Greek sculptures in the British Museum. They were obtained at Athens, about 1811, by Lord Elgin.
Elicit	Elicited; drawn out; made real; open; evident.
Elicited	of Elicit
Eliciting	of Elicit
Elicit	To draw out or entice forth; to bring to light; to bring out against the will; to deduce by reason or argument; as, to elicit truth by discussion.
Elicitate	To elicit.
Elicitation	The act of eliciting.
Elided	of Elide
Eliding	of Elide
Elide	To break or dash in pieces; to demolish; as, to elide the force of an argument.
Elide	To cut off, as a vowel or a syllable, usually the final one; to subject to elision.
Eligibility	The quality of being eligible; eligibleness; as, the eligibility of a candidate; the eligibility of an offer of marriage.
Eligible	That may be selected; proper or qualified to be chosen; legally qualified to be elected and to hold office.
Eligible	Worthy to be chosen or selected; suitable; desirable; as, an eligible situation for a house.
Eligibleness	The quality worthy or qualified to be chosen; suitableness; desirableness.
Eligibly	In an eligible manner.
Elimate	To render smooth; to polish.
Eliminant	The result of eliminating n variables between n homogeneous equations of any degree; -- called also resultant.
Eliminated	of Eliminate
Eliminating	of Eliminate
Eliminate	To put out of doors; to expel; to discharge; to release; to set at liberty.
Eliminate	To cause to disappear from an equation; as, to eliminate an unknown quantity.
Eliminate	To set aside as unimportant in a process of inductive inquiry; to leave out of consideration.
Eliminate	To obtain by separating, as from foreign matters; to deduce; as, to eliminate an idea or a conclusion.
Eliminate	To separate; to expel from the system; to excrete; as, the kidneys eliminate urea, the lungs carbonic acid; to eliminate poison from the system.
Elimination	The act of expelling or throwing off
Elimination	the act of discharging or excreting waste products or foreign substances through the various emunctories.
Elimination	Act of causing a quantity to disappear from an equation; especially, in the operation of deducing from several equations containing several unknown quantities a less number of equations containing a less number of unknown quantities.
Elimination	The act of obtaining by separation, or as the result of eliminating; deduction. [See Eliminate, 4.]
Eliminative	Relating to, or carrying on, elimination.
Elinguate	To deprive of the tongue.
Elinguation	Punishment by cutting out the tongue.
Elinguid	Tongue-tied; dumb.
Eliquament	A liquid obtained from fat, or fat fish, by pressure.
Eliquation	The process of separating a fusible substance from one less fusible, by means of a degree of heat sufficient to melt the one and not the other, as an alloy of copper and lead; liquation.
Elison	Division; separation.
Elison	The cutting off or suppression of a vowel or syllable, for the sake of meter or euphony; esp., in poetry, the dropping of a final vowel standing before an initial vowel in the following word, when the two words are drawn together.
Elisor	An elector or chooser; one of two persons appointed by a court to return a jury or serve a writ when the sheriff and the coroners are disqualified.
Elite	A choice or select body; the flower; as, the elite of society.
Elix	To extract.
Elixate	To boil; to seethe; hence, to extract by boiling or seething.
Elixation	A seething; digestion.
Elixir	A tincture with more than one base; a compound tincture or medicine, composed of various substances, held in solution by alcohol in some form.
Elixir	An imaginary liquor capable of transmuting metals into gold; also, one for producing life indefinitely; as, elixir vitae, or the elixir of life.
Elixir	The refined spirit; the quintessence.
Elixir	Any cordial or substance which invigorates.
Elizabethan	Pertaining to Queen Elizabeth or her times, esp. to the architecture or literature of her reign; as, the Elizabethan writers, drama, literature.
Elizabethan	One who lived in England in the time of Queen Elizabeth.
Elk	A large deer, of several species. The European elk (Alces machlis or Cervus alces) is closely allied to the American moose. The American elk, or wapiti (Cervus Canadensis), is closely related to the European stag. See Moose, and Wapiti.
Elk	Alt. of Elke
Elke	The European wild or whistling swan (Cygnus ferus).
Elknut	The buffalo nut. See under Buffalo.
Elkwood	The soft, spongy wood of a species of Magnolia (M. Umbrella).
Ell	A measure for cloth; -- now rarely used. It is of different lengths in different countries; the English ell being 45 inches, the Dutch or Flemish ell 27, the Scotch about 37.
Ell	See L.
Ellachick	A fresh-water tortoise (Chelopus marmoratus) of California; -- used as food.
Ellagic	Pertaining to, or derived from, gallnuts or gallic acid; as, ellagic acid.
Ellebore	Hellebore.
Elleborin	See Helleborin.
Elleck	The red gurnard or cuckoo fish.
Ellenge	Alt. of Ellingeness
Ellinge	Alt. of Ellingeness
Ellengeness	Alt. of Ellingeness
Ellingeness	See Elenge, Elengeness.
Elles	See Else.
Ellipse	An oval or oblong figure, bounded by a regular curve, which corresponds to an oblique projection of a circle, or an oblique section of a cone through its opposite sides. The greatest diameter of the ellipse is the major axis, and the least diameter is the minor axis. See Conic section, under Conic, and cf. Focus.
Ellipse	Omission. See Ellipsis.
Ellipse	The elliptical orbit of a planet.
Ellipses	of Ellipsis
Ellipsis	Omission; a figure of syntax, by which one or more words, which are obviously understood, are omitted; as, the virtues I admire, for, the virtues which I admire.
Ellipsis	An ellipse.
Ellipsograph	An instrument for describing ellipses; -- called also trammel.
Ellipsoid	A solid, all plane sections of which are ellipses or circles. See Conoid, n., 2 (a).
Ellipsoid	Alt. of Ellipsoidal
Ellipsoidal	Pertaining to, or shaped like, an ellipsoid; as, ellipsoid or ellipsoidal form.
Elliptic	Alt. of Elliptical
Elliptical	Of or pertaining to an ellipse; having the form of an ellipse; oblong, with rounded ends.
Elliptical	Having a part omitted; as, an elliptical phrase.
Elliptically	In the form of an ellipse.
Elliptically	With a part omitted; as, elliptically expressed.
Ellipticity	Deviation of an ellipse or a spheroid from the form of a circle or a sphere; especially, in reference to the figure of the earth, the difference between the equatorial and polar semidiameters, divided by the equatorial; thus, the ellipticity of the earth is /.
Elliptic-lanceolate	Having a form intermediate between elliptic and lanceolate.
Elliptograph	Same as Ellipsograph.
Ellwand	Formerly, a measuring rod an ell long.
Elm	A tree of the genus Ulmus, of several species, much used as a shade tree, particularly in America. The English elm is Ulmus campestris; the common American or white elm is U. Americana; the slippery or red elm, U. fulva.
Elmen	Belonging to elms.
Elmo's fire	See Corposant; also Saint Elmo's Fire, under Saint.
Elmy	Abounding with elms.
Elocation	A removal from the usual place of residence.
Elocation	Departure from the usual state; an ecstasy.
Elocular	Having but one cell, or cavity; not divided by a septum or partition.
Elocution	Utterance by speech.
Elocution	Oratorical or expressive delivery, including the graces of intonation, gesture, etc.; style or manner of speaking or reading in public; as, clear, impressive elocution.
Elocution	Suitable and impressive writing or style; eloquent diction.
Elocutionary	Pertaining to elocution.
Elocutionist	One who is versed in elocution; a teacher of elocution.
Elocutive	Pertaining to oratorical expression.
Elodian	One of a tribe of tortoises, including the terrapins, etc., in which the head and neck can be withdrawn.
Eloge	A panegyrical funeral oration.
Elogist	One who pronounces an eloge.
Elogium	Alt. of Elogy
Elogy	The praise bestowed on a person or thing; panegyric; eulogy.
Elohim	One of the principal names by which God is designated in the Hebrew Scriptures.
Elohist	The writer, or one of the writers, of the passages of the Old Testament, notably those of Elohim instead of Jehovah, as the name of the Supreme Being; -- distinguished from Jehovist.
Elohistic	Relating to Elohim as a name of God; -- said of passages in the Old Testament.
Eloigned	of Eloign
Eloigning	of Eloign
Eloign	To remove afar off; to withdraw.
Eloign	To convey to a distance, or beyond the jurisdiction, or to conceal, as goods liable to distress.
Eloignate	To remove.
Eloignment	Removal to a distance; withdrawal.
Eloin	See Eloign.
Eloinate	See Eloignate.
Eloinment	See Eloignment.
Elong	To lengthen out; to prolong.
Elong	To put away; to separate; to keep off.
Elongated	of Elongate
Elongating	of Elongate
Elongate	To lengthen; to extend; to stretch; as, to elongate a line.
Elongate	To remove further off.
Elongate	To depart to, or be at, a distance; esp., to recede apparently from the sun, as a planet in its orbit.
Elongate	Drawn out at length; elongated; as, an elongate leaf.
Elongation	The act of lengthening, or the state of being lengthened; protraction; extension.
Elongation	That which lengthens out; continuation.
Elongation	Removal to a distance; withdrawal; a being at a distance; distance.
Elongation	The angular distance of a planet from the sun; as, the elongation of Venus or Mercury.
Eloped	of Elope
Eloping	of Elope
Elope	To run away, or escape privately, from the place or station to which one is bound by duty; -- said especially of a woman or a man, either married or unmarried, who runs away with a paramour or a sweetheart.
Elopement	The act of eloping; secret departure; -- said of a woman and a man, one or both, who run away from their homes for marriage or for cohabitation.
Eloper	One who elopes.
Elops	A genus of fishes. See Saury.
Elops	A mythical serpent.
Eloquence	Fluent, forcible, elegant, and persuasive speech in public; the power of expressing strong emotions in striking and appropriate language either spoken or written, thereby producing conviction or persuasion.
Eloquence	Fig.: Whatever produces the effect of moving and persuasive speech.
Eloquence	That which is eloquently uttered or written.
Eloquent	Having the power of expressing strong emotions or forcible arguments in an elevated, impassioned, and effective manner; as, an eloquent orator or preacher.
Eloquent	Adapted to express strong emotion or to state facts arguments with fluency and power; as, an eloquent address or statement; an eloquent appeal to a jury.
Eloquently	In an eloquent manner.
Elrich	Alt. of Elritch
Elritch	Ghastly; preternatural. Same as Eldritch.
Else	Other; one or something beside; as, Who else is coming? What else shall I give? Do you expect anything else?
Else	Besides; except that mentioned; in addition; as, nowhere else; no one else.
Else	Otherwise; in the other, or the contrary, case; if the facts were different.
Elsewhere	In any other place; as, these trees are not to be found elsewhere.
Elsewhere	In some other place; in other places, indefinitely; as, it is reported in town and elsewhere.
Elsewhither	To some, or any, other place; as, you will have to go elsewhither for it.
Elsewise	Otherwise.
Elsin	A shoemaker's awl.
Elucidated	of Elucidate
Elucidating	of Elucidate
Elucidate	To make clear or manifest; to render more intelligible; to illustrate; as, an example will elucidate the subject.
Elucidation	A making clear; the act of elucidating or that which elucidates, as an explanation, an exposition, an illustration; as, one example may serve for further elucidation of the subject.
Elucidative	Making clear; tending to elucidate; as, an elucidative note.
Elucidator	One who explains or elucidates; an expositor.
Elucidatory	Tending to elucidate; elucidative.
Eluctate	To struggle out; -- with out.
Eluctation	A struggling out of any difficulty.
Elucubrate	See Lucubrate.
Elucubration	See Lucubration.
Eluded	of Elude
Eluding	of Elude
Elude	To avoid slyly, by artifice, stratagem, or dexterity; to escape from in a covert manner; to mock by an unexpected escape; to baffle; as, to elude an officer; to elude detection, inquiry, search, comprehension; to elude the force of an argument or a blow.
Eludible	Capable of being eluded; evadible.
Elul	The sixth month of the Jewish year, by the sacred reckoning, or the twelfth, by the civil reckoning, corresponding nearly to the month of September.
Elumbated	Weak or lame in the loins.
Elusion	Act of eluding; adroit escape, as by artifice; a mockery; a cheat; trickery.
Elusive	Tending to elude; using arts or deception to escape; adroitly escaping or evading; eluding the grasp; fallacious.
Elusory	Tending to elude or deceive; evasive; fraudulent; fallacious; deceitful; deceptive.
Elute	To wash out.
Elutriated	of Elutriate
Elutriating	of Elutriate
Elutriate	To wash or strain out so as to purify; as, to elutriate the blood as it passes through the lungs; to strain off or decant, as a powder which is separated from heavier particles by being drawn off with water; to cleanse, as by washing.
Elutriation	The process of elutriating; a decanting or racking off by means of water, as finer particles from heavier.
Eluxate	To dislocate; to luxate.
Eluxation	Dislocation; luxation.
Elvan	Pertaining to elves; elvish.
Elvan	Of or pertaining to certain veins of feldspathic or porphyritic rock crossing metalliferous veins in the mining districts of Cornwall; as, an elvan course.
Elvan	Alt. of Elvanite
Elvanite	The rock of an elvan vein, or the elvan vein itself; an elvan course.
Elve	An old form of Elf.
Elver	A young eel; a young conger or sea eel; -- called also elvene.
Elf	of Elves
Elvish	Pertaining to elves; implike; mischievous; weird; also, vacant; absent in demeanor. See Elfish.
Elvish	Mysterious; also, foolish.
Elvishly	In an elvish manner.
Elwand	See Ellwand.
Elysian	Pertaining, or the abode of the blessed after death; hence, yielding the highest pleasures; exceedingly delightful; beatific.
Elysiums	of Elysium
Elysia	of Elysium
Elysium	A dwelling place assigned to happy souls after death; the seat of future happiness; Paradise.
Elysium	Hence, any delightful place.
Elytriform	Having the form, or structure, of an elytron.
Elytrin	See Chitin.
Elytroid	Resembling a beetle's wing case.
Elytra	of Elytrum
Elytron	Alt. of Elytrum
Elytrum	One of the anterior pair of wings in the Coleoptera and some other insects, when they are thick and serve only as a protection for the posterior pair.
Elytrum	One of the shieldlike dorsal scales of certain annelids. See Chaetopoda.
Elzevir	Applied to books or editions (esp. of the Greek New Testament and the classics) printed and published by the Elzevir family at Amsterdam, Leyden, etc., from about 1592 to 1680; also, applied to a round open type introduced by them.
'Em	An obsolete or colloquial contraction of the old form hem, them.
Em	The portion of a line formerly occupied by the letter m, then a square type, used as a unit by which to measure the amount of printed matter on a page; the square of the body of a type.
Em-	A prefix. See En-.
Emacerate	To make lean or to become lean; to emaciate.
Emaceration	Emaciation.
Emaciated	of Emaciate
Emaciating	of Emaciate
Emaciate	To lose flesh gradually and become very lean; to waste away in flesh.
Emaciate	To cause to waste away in flesh and become very lean; as, his sickness emaciated him.
Emaciate	Emaciated.
Emaciation	The act of making very lean.
Emaciation	The state of being emaciated or reduced to excessive leanness; an excessively lean condition.
Emaculate	To clear from spots or stains, or from any imperfection.
Emaculation	The act of clearing from spots.
Aemail ombrant	An art or process of flooding transparent colored glaze over designs stamped or molded on earthenware or porcelain.
Emanant	Issuing or flowing forth; emanating; passing forth into an act, or making itself apparent by an effect; -- said of mental acts; as, an emanant volition.
Emanated	of Emanate
Emanating	of Emanate
Emanate	To issue forth from a source; to flow out from more or less constantly; as, fragrance emanates from flowers.
Emanate	To proceed from, as a source or fountain; to take origin; to arise, to originate.
Emanate	Issuing forth; emanant.
Emanation	The act of flowing or proceeding from a fountain head or origin.
Emanation	That which issues, flows, or proceeds from any object as a source; efflux; an effluence; as, perfume is an emanation from a flower.
Emanative	Issuing forth; effluent.
Emanatively	By an emanation.
Emanatory	Emanative; of the nature of an emanation.
Emancipated	of Emancipate
Emancipating	of Emancipate
Emancipate	To set free from the power of another; to liberate; as: (a) To set free, as a minor from a parent; as, a father may emancipate a child. (b) To set free from bondage; to give freedom to; to manumit; as, to emancipate a slave, or a country.
Emancipate	To free from any controlling influence, especially from anything which exerts undue or evil influence; as, to emancipate one from prejudices or error.
Emancipate	Set at liberty.
Emancipation	The act of setting free from the power of another, from slavery, subjection, dependence, or controlling influence; also, the state of being thus set free; liberation; as, the emancipation of slaves; the emancipation of minors; the emancipation of a person from prejudices; the emancipation of the mind from superstition; the emancipation of a nation from tyranny or subjection.
Emancipationist	An advocate of emancipation, esp. the emancipation of slaves.
Emancipator	One who emancipates.
Emancipatory	Pertaining to emancipation, or tending to effect emancipation.
Emancipist	A freed convict.
Emarginate	To take away the margin of.
Emarginate	Alt. of Emarginated
Emarginated	Having the margin interrupted by a notch or shallow sinus.
Emarginated	Notched at the summit.
Emarginated	Having the edges truncated.
Emarginately	In an emarginate manner.
Emargination	The act of notching or indenting the margin, or the state of being so notched; also, a notch or shallow sinus in a margin.
Emasculated	of Emasculate
Emasculating	of Emasculate
Emasculate	To deprive of virile or procreative power; to castrate power; to castrate; to geld.
Emasculate	To deprive of masculine vigor or spirit; to weaken; to render effeminate; to vitiate by unmanly softness.
Emasculate	Deprived of virility or vigor; unmanned; weak.
Emasculation	The act of depriving of virility, or the state of being so deprived; castration.
Emasculation	The act of depriving, or state of being deprived, of vigor or strength; unmanly weakness.
Emasculator	One who, or that which, emasculates.
Emasculatory	Serving or tending to emasculate.
Embace	See Embase.
Embale	To make up into a bale or pack.
Embale	To bind up; to inclose.
Emball	To encircle or embrace.
Embalmed	of Embalm
Embalming	of Embalm
Embalm	To anoint all over with balm; especially, to preserve from decay by means of balm or other aromatic oils, or spices; to fill or impregnate (a dead body), with aromatics and drugs that it may resist putrefaction.
Embalm	To fill or imbue with sweet odor; to perfume.
Embalm	To preserve from decay or oblivion as if with balm; to perpetuate in remembrance.
Embalmer	One who embalms.
Embalmment	The act of embalming.
Embanked	of Embank
Embanking	of Embank
Embank	To throw up a bank so as to confine or to defend; to protect by a bank of earth or stone.
Embankment	The act of surrounding or defending with a bank.
Embankment	A structure of earth, gravel, etc., raised to prevent water from overflowing a level tract of country, to retain water in a reservoir, or to carry a roadway, etc.
Embarred	of Embar
Embanking	of Embar
Embar	To bar or shut in; to inclose securely, as with bars.
Embar	To stop; to hinder by prohibition; to block up.
Embarcation	Same as Embarkation.
Embarge	To put in a barge.
Embargoes	of Embargo
Embargo	An edict or order of the government prohibiting the departure of ships of commerce from some or all of the ports within its dominions; a prohibition to sail.
Embargoed	of Embargo
Embargoing	of Embargo
Embargo	To lay an embargo on and thus detain; to prohibit from leaving port; -- said of ships, also of commerce and goods.
Embarked	of Embark
Embarking	of Embark
Embark	To cause to go on board a vessel or boat; to put on shipboard.
Embark	To engage, enlist, or invest (as persons, money, etc.) in any affair; as, he embarked his fortune in trade.
Embark	To go on board a vessel or a boat for a voyage; as, the troops embarked for Lisbon.
Embark	To engage in any affair.
Embarkation	The act of putting or going on board of a vessel; as, the embarkation of troops.
Embarkation	That which is embarked; as, an embarkation of Jesuits.
Embarkment	Embarkation.
Embarrassed	of Embarrass
Embarrassing	of Embarrass
Embarrass	To hinder from freedom of thought, speech, or action by something which impedes or confuses mental action; to perplex; to discompose; to disconcert; as, laughter may embarrass an orator.
Embarrass	To hinder from liberty of movement; to impede; to obstruct; as, business is embarrassed; public affairs are embarrassed.
Embarrass	To involve in difficulties concerning money matters; to incumber with debt; to beset with urgent claims or demands; -- said of a person or his affairs; as, a man or his business is embarrassed when he can not meet his pecuniary engagements.
Embarrass	Embarrassment.
Embarrassment	A state of being embarrassed; perplexity; impediment to freedom of action; entanglement; hindrance; confusion or discomposure of mind, as from not knowing what to do or to say; disconcertedness.
Embarrassment	Difficulty or perplexity arising from the want of money to pay debts.
Embase	To bring down or lower, as in position, value, etc.; to debase; to degrade; to deteriorate.
Embasement	Act of bringing down; depravation; deterioration.
Embassade	An embassy. See Ambassade.
Embassador	Same as Ambassador.
Embassadorial	Same as Ambassadorial.
Embassadress	Same as Ambassadress.
Embassadry	Embassy.
Embassage	An embassy.
Embassage	Message; errand.
Embassies	of Embassy
Embassy	The public function of an ambassador; the charge or business intrusted to an ambassador or to envoys; a public message to; foreign court concerning state affairs; hence, any solemn message.
Embassy	The person or persons sent as ambassadors or envoys; the ambassador and his suite; envoys.
Embassy	The residence or office of an ambassador.
Embastardize	To bastardize.
Embathe	To bathe; to imbathe.
Embattail	To furnish with battlements; to fortify as with battlements.
Embattled	of Embattle
Embattling	of Embattle
Embattle	To arrange in order of battle; to array for battle; also, to prepare or arm for battle; to equip as for battle.
Embattle	To be arrayed for battle.
Embattle	To furnish with battlements.
Embattled	Having indentations like a battlement.
Embattled	Having the edge broken like battlements; -- said of a bearing such as a fess, bend, or the like.
Embattled	Having been the place of battle; as, an embattled plain or field.
Embattlement	An intended parapet; a battlement.
Embattlement	The fortifying of a building or a wall by means of battlements.
Embay	To bathe; to soothe or lull as by bathing.
Embayed	of Embay
Embaying	of Embay
Embay	To shut in, or shelter, as in a bay.
Embayment	A bay.
Embeam	To make brilliant with beams.
Embedded	of Embed
Embedding	of Embed
Embed	To lay as in a bed; to lay in surrounding matter; to bed; as, to embed a thing in clay, mortar, or sand.
Embedment	The act of embedding, or the state of being embedded.
Embellished	of Embellish
Embellishing	of Embellish
Embellish	To make beautiful or elegant by ornaments; to decorate; to adorn; as, to embellish a book with pictures, a garden with shrubs and flowers, a narrative with striking anecdotes, or style with metaphors.
Embellisher	One who embellishes.
Embellishment	The act of adorning, or the state of being adorned; adornment.
Embellishment	That which adds beauty or elegance; ornament; decoration; as, pictorial embellishments.
Ember	A lighted coal, smoldering amid ashes; -- used chiefly in the plural, to signify mingled coals and ashes; the smoldering remains of a fire.
Ember	Making a circuit of the year of the seasons; recurring in each quarter of the year; as, ember fasts.
Ember-goose	The loon or great northern diver. See Loon.
Emberings	Ember days.
Embetter	To make better.
Embezzled	of Embezzle
Embezzling	of Embezzle
Embezzle	To appropriate fraudulently to one's own use, as property intrusted to one's care; to apply to one's private uses by a breach of trust; as, to embezzle money held in trust.
Embezzle	To misappropriate; to waste; to dissipate in extravagance.
Embezzlement	The fraudulent appropriation of property by a person to whom it has been intrusted; as, the embezzlement by a clerk of his employer's; embezzlement of public funds by the public officer having them in charge.
Embezzler	One who embezzles.
Embillow	To swell or heave like a ///// of the sea.
Embiotocoid	Belonging to, or resembling, the Embiotocidae.
Embiotocoid	One of a family of fishes (Embiotocidae) abundant on the coast of California, remarkable for being viviparous; -- also called surf fishes and viviparous fishes. See Illust. in Append.
Embitter	To make bitter or sad. See Imbitter.
Embitterment	The act of embittering; also, that which embitters.
Emblanch	To whiten. See Blanch.
Emblazed	of Emblaze
Emblazing	of Emblaze
Emblaze	To adorn with glittering embellishments.
Emblaze	To paint or adorn with armorial figures; to blazon, or emblazon.
Emblazoned	of Emblazon
Emblazoning	of Emblazon
Emblazon	To depict or represent; -- said of heraldic bearings. See Blazon.
Emblazon	To deck in glaring colors; to set off conspicuously; to display pompously; to decorate.
Emblazoner	One who emblazons; also, one who publishes and displays anything with pomp.
Emblazoning	The act or art of heraldic decoration; delineation of armorial bearings.
Emblazonment	An emblazoning.
Emblazonries	of Emblazonry
Emblazonry	The act or art of an emblazoner; heraldic or ornamental decoration, as pictures or figures on shields, standards, etc.; emblazonment.
Emblem	Inlay; inlaid or mosaic work; something ornamental inserted in a surface.
Emblem	A visible sign of an idea; an object, or the figure of an object, symbolizing and suggesting another object, or an idea, by natural aptness or by association; a figurative representation; a typical designation; a symbol; as, a balance is an emblem of justice; a scepter, the emblem of sovereignty or power; a circle, the emblem of eternity.
Emblem	A picture accompanied with a motto, a set of verse, or the like, intended as a moral lesson or meditation.
Emblemed	of Emblem
Embleming	of Emblem
Emblem	To represent by an emblem; to symbolize.
Emblematic	Alt. of Emblematical
Emblematical	Pertaining to, containing, or consisting in, an emblem; symbolic; typically representative; representing as an emblem; as, emblematic language or ornaments; a crown is emblematic of royalty; white is emblematic of purity.
Emblematiccize	To render emblematic; as, to emblematicize a picture.
Emblematist	A writer or inventor of emblems.
Emblematized	of Emblematize
Emblematizing	of Emblematize
Emblematize	To represent by, or as by, an emblem; to symbolize.
Emblement	The growing crop, or profits of a crop which has been sown or planted; -- used especially in the plural. The produce of grass, trees, and the like, is not emblement.
Emblemized	of Emblemize
Emblemizing	of Emblemize
Emblemize	To represent by an emblem; to emblematize.
Embloom	To emblossom.
Emblossom	To cover or adorn with blossoms.
Embodier	One who embodies.
Embodiment	The act of embodying; the state of being embodied.
Embodiment	That which embodies or is embodied; representation in a physical body; a completely organized system, like the body; as, the embodiment of courage, or of courtesy; the embodiment of true piety.
Embodied	of Embody
Embodying	of Embody
Embody	To form into a body; to invest with a body; to collect into a body, a united mass, or a whole; to incorporate; as, to embody one's ideas in a treatise.
Embody	To unite in a body, a mass, or a collection; to coalesce.
Embogue	To disembogue; to discharge, as a river, its waters into the sea or another river.
Emboguing	The mouth of a river, or place where its waters are discharged.
Emboil	To boil with anger; to effervesce.
Emboil	To cause to boil with anger; to irritate; to chafe.
Emboitement	The hypothesis that all living things proceed from preexisting germs, and that these encase the germs of all future living things, inclosed one within another.
Emboldened	of Embolden
Emboldening	of Embolden
Embolden	To give boldness or courage to; to encourage.
Emboldener	One who emboldens.
Embolic	Embolismic.
Embolic	Pertaining to an embolism; produced by an embolism; as, an embolic abscess.
Embolic	Pushing or growing in; -- said of a kind of invagination. See under Invagination.
Embolism	Intercalation; the insertion of days, months, or years, in an account of time, to produce regularity; as, the embolism of a lunar month in the Greek year.
Embolism	Intercalated time.
Embolism	The occlusion of a blood vessel by an embolus. Embolism in the brain often produces sudden unconsciousness and paralysis.
Embolismal	Pertaining to embolism; intercalary; as, embolismal months.
Embolismatic	Alt. of Embolismatical
Embolismatical	Embolismic.
Embolismic	Alt. of Embolismical
Embolismical	Pertaining to embolism or intercalation; intercalated; as, an embolismic year, i. e., the year in which there is intercalation.
Embolite	A mineral consisting of both the chloride and the bromide of silver.
Emboli	of Embolus
Embolus	Something inserted, as a wedge; the piston or sucker of a pump or syringe.
Embolus	A plug of some substance lodged in a blood vessel, being brought thither by the blood current. It consists most frequently of a clot of fibrin, a detached shred of a morbid growth, a globule of fat, or a microscopic organism.
Emboly	Embolic invagination. See under Invagination.
Embonpoint	Plumpness of person; -- said especially of persons somewhat corpulent.
Emborder	To furnish or adorn with a border; to imborder.
Embosom	To take into, or place in, the bosom; to cherish; to foster.
Embosom	To inclose or surround; to shelter closely; to place in the midst of something.
Embossed	of Emboss
Embossing	of Emboss
Emboss	To arise the surface of into bosses or protuberances; particularly, to ornament with raised work.
Emboss	To raise in relief from a surface, as an ornament, a head on a coin, or the like.
Emboss	To make to foam at the mouth, like a hunted animal.
Emboss	To hide or conceal in a thicket; to imbosk; to inclose, shelter, or shroud in a wood.
Emboss	To surround; to ensheath; to immerse; to beset.
Emboss	To seek the bushy forest; to hide in the woods.
Embossed	Formed or covered with bosses or raised figures.
Embossed	Having a part projecting like the boss of a shield.
Embossed	Swollen; protuberant.
Embosser	One who embosses.
Embossment	The act of forming bosses or raised figures, or the state of being so formed.
Embossment	A bosslike prominence; figure in relief; raised work; jut; protuberance; esp., a combination of raised surfaces having a decorative effect.
Embottle	To bottle.
Embouchure	The mouth of a river; also, the mouth of a cannon.
Embouchure	The mouthpiece of a wind instrument.
Embouchure	The shaping of the lips to the mouthpiece; as, a flute player has a good embouchure.
Embow	To bend like a bow; to curve.
Emboweled	of Embowel
Embowelled	of Embowel
Emboweling	of Embowel
Embowelling	of Embowel
Embowel	To disembowel.
Embowel	To imbed; to hide in the inward parts; to bury.
Emboweler	One who takes out the bowels.
Embowelment	Disembowelment.
Embower	To cover with a bower; to shelter with trees.
Embower	To lodge or rest in a bower.
Embowl	To form like a bowl; to give a globular shape to.
Embox	To inclose, as in a box; to imbox.
Emboyssement	An ambush.
Embrace	To fasten on, as armor.
Embraced	of Embrace
Embracing	of Embrace
Embrace	To clasp in the arms with affection; to take in the arms; to hug.
Embrace	To cling to; to cherish; to love.
Embrace	To seize eagerly, or with alacrity; to accept with cordiality; to welcome.
Embrace	To encircle; to encompass; to inclose.
Embrace	To include as parts of a whole; to comprehend; to take in; as, natural philosophy embraces many sciences.
Embrace	To accept; to undergo; to submit to.
Embrace	To attempt to influence corruptly, as a jury or court.
Embrace	To join in an embrace.
Embrace	Intimate or close encircling with the arms; pressure to the bosom; clasp; hug.
Embracement	A clasp in the arms; embrace.
Embracement	State of being contained; inclosure.
Embracement	Willing acceptance.
Embraceor	One guilty of embracery.
Embracer	One who embraces.
Embracery	An attempt to influence a court, jury, etc., corruptly, by promises, entreaties, money, entertainments, threats, or other improper inducements.
Embracive	Disposed to embrace; fond of caressing.
Embraid	To braid up, as hair.
Embraid	To upbraid.
Embranchment	The branching forth, as of trees.
Embrangle	To confuse; to entangle.
Embrasure	An embrace.
Embrasure	A splay of a door or window.
Embrasure	An aperture with slant sides in a wall or parapet, through which cannon are pointed and discharged; a crenelle. See Illust. of Casemate.
Embrave	To inspire with bravery.
Embrave	To decorate; to make showy and fine.
Embrawn	To harden.
Embread	To braid.
Embreathement	The act of breathing in; inspiration.
Embrew	To imbrue; to stain with blood.
Embright	To brighten.
Embrocated	of Embrocate
Embrocating	of Embrocate
Embrocate	To moisten and rub (a diseased part) with a liquid substance, as with spirit, oil, etc., by means of a cloth or sponge.
Embrocation	The act of moistening and rubbing a diseased part with spirit, oil, etc.
Embrocation	The liquid or lotion with which an affected part is rubbed.
Embroglio	See Imbroglio.
Embroidered	of Embroider
Embroidering	of Embroider
Embroider	To ornament with needlework; as, to embroider a scarf.
Embroiderer	One who embroiders.
Embroideries	of Embroidery
Embroidery	Needlework used to enrich textile fabrics, leather, etc.; also, the art of embroidering.
Embroidery	Diversified ornaments, especially by contrasted figures and colors; variegated decoration.
Embroiled	of Embroil
Embroiling	of Embroil
Embroil	To throw into confusion or commotion by contention or discord; to entangle in a broil or quarrel; to make confused; to distract; to involve in difficulties by dissension or strife.
Embroil	To implicate in confusion; to complicate; to jumble.
Embroil	See Embroilment.
Embroiler	One who embroils.
Embroilment	The act of embroiling, or the condition of being embroiled; entanglement in a broil.
Embronze	To embody in bronze; to set up a bronze representation of, as of a person.
Embronze	To color in imitation of bronze. See Bronze, v. t.
Embrothel	To inclose in a brothel.
Embroude	Alt. of Embroyde
Embrowde	Alt. of Embroyde
Embroyde	To embroider; to adorn.
Embrown	To give a brown color to; to imbrown.
Embrue	See Imbrue, Embrew.
Embrute	To brutify; to imbrute.
Embryos	of Embryo
Embryo	The first rudiments of an organism, whether animal or plant
Embryo	The young of an animal in the womb, or more specifically, before its parts are developed and it becomes a fetus (see Fetus).
Embryo	The germ of the plant, which is inclosed in the seed and which is developed by germination.
Embryo	Pertaining to an embryo; rudimentary; undeveloped; as, an embryo bud.
Embryogenic	Pertaining to the development of an embryo.
Embryogeny	The production and development of an embryo.
Embryogony	The formation of an embryo.
Embryography	The general description of embryos.
Embryologic	Alt. of Embryological
Embryological	Of or pertaining to embryology.
Embryologist	One skilled in embryology.
Embryology	The science which relates to the formation and development of the embryo in animals and plants; a study of the gradual development of the ovum until it reaches the adult stage.
Embryon	See Embryo.
Embryonal	Pertaining to an embryo, or the initial state of any organ; embryonic.
Embryonary	Embryonic.
Embryonate	Alt. of Embryonated
Embryonated	In the state of, or having, an embryonal.
Embryonic	Of or pertaining to an embryo; embryonal; rudimentary.
Embryoniferous	Having an embryo.
Embryoniform	Like an embryo in form.
Embryoplastic	Relating to, or aiding in, the formation of an embryo; as, embryoplastic cells.
Embryo sac	See under Embryonic.
Embryotic	Embryonic.
Embryotomy	The cutting a fetus into pieces within the womb, so as to effect its removal.
Embryotroph	The material from which an embryo is formed and nourished.
Embryous	Embryonic; undeveloped.
Embulk	To enlarge in the way of bulk.
Emburse	To furnish with money; to imburse.
Embush	To place or hide in a thicket; to ambush.
Embushment	An ambush.
Embusy	To employ.
Eme	An uncle.
Emeer	Same as Emir.
Emenagogue	See Emmenagogue.
Emended	of Emend
Emending	of Emend
Emend	To purge of faults; to make better; to correct; esp., to make corrections in (a literary work); to alter for the better by textual criticism, generally verbal.
Emendable	Corrigible; amendable.
Emendately	Without fault; correctly.
Emendation	The act of altering for the better, or correcting what is erroneous or faulty; correction; improvement.
Emendation	Alteration by editorial criticism, as of a text so as to give a better reading; removal of errors or corruptions from a document; as, the book might be improved by judicious emendations.
Emendator	One who emends or critically edits.
Emendatory	Pertaining to emendation; corrective.
Emender	One who emends.
Emendicate	To beg.
Emerald	A precious stone of a rich green color, a variety of beryl. See Beryl.
Emerald	A kind of type, in size between minion and nonpare/l. It is used by English printers.
Emerald	Of a rich green color, like that of the emerald.
Emeraldine	A green compound used as a dyestuff, produced from aniline blue when acted upon by acid.
Emeraud	An emerald.
Emerged	of Emerge
Emerging	of Emerge
Emerge	To rise out of a fluid; to come forth from that in which anything has been plunged, enveloped, or concealed; to issue and appear; as, to emerge from the water or the ocean; the sun emerges from behind the moon in an eclipse; to emerge from poverty or obscurity.
Emergences	of Emergence
Emergence	The act of rising out of a fluid, or coming forth from envelopment or concealment, or of rising into view; sudden uprisal or appearance.
Emergencies	of Emergency
Emergency	Sudden or unexpected appearance; an unforeseen occurrence; a sudden occasion.
Emergency	An unforeseen occurrence or combination of circumstances which calls for immediate action or remedy; pressing necessity; exigency.
Emergent	Rising or emerging out of a fluid or anything that covers or conceals; issuing; coming to light.
Emergent	Suddenly appearing; arising unexpectedly; calling for prompt action; urgent.
Emeril	Emery.
Emeril	A glazier's diamond.
Emerited	Considered as having done sufficient public service, and therefore honorably discharged.
Emeritus	Honorably discharged from the performance of public duty on account of age, infirmity, or long and faithful services; -- said of an officer of a college or pastor of a church.
Emeriti	of Emeritus
Emeritus	A veteran who has honorably completed his service.
Emerods	Alt. of Emeroids
Emeroids	Hemorrhoids; piles; tumors; boils.
Emersed	Standing out of, or rising above, water.
Emersion	The act of emerging, or of rising out of anything; as, emersion from the sea; emersion from obscurity or difficulties.
Emersion	The reappearance of a heavenly body after an eclipse or occultation; as, the emersion of the moon from the shadow of the earth; the emersion of a star from behind the moon.
Emery	Corundum in the form of grains or powder, used in the arts for grinding and polishing hard substances. Native emery is mixed with more or less magnetic iron. See the Note under Corundum.
Emesis	A vomiting.
Emetic	Inducing to vomit; exciting the stomach to discharge its contents by the mouth.
Emetic	A medicine which causes vomiting.
Emetical	Inducing to vomit; producing vomiting; emetic.
Emetine	A white crystalline bitter alkaloid extracted from ipecacuanha root, and regarded as its peculiar emetic principle.
Emeto-cathartic	Producing vomiting and purging at the same time.
Emeu	Alt. of Emew
Emew	See Emu.
Emeute	A seditious tumult; an outbreak.
Emforth	According to; conformably to.
Emgalla	The South African wart hog. See Wart hog.
Emicant	Beaming forth; flashing.
Emication	A flying off in small particles, as heated iron or fermenting liquors; a sparkling; scintillation.
Emiction	The voiding of urine.
Emiction	What is voided by the urinary passages; urine.
Emictory	Diuretic.
Emigrant	Removing from one country to another; emigrating; as, an emigrant company or nation.
Emigrant	Pertaining to an emigrant; used for emigrants; as, an emigrant ship or hospital.
Emigrant	One who emigrates, or quits one country or region to settle in another.
Emigrated	of Emigrate
Emigrating	of Emigrate
Emigrate	To remove from one country or State to another, for the purpose of residence; to migrate from home.
Emigrate	Migratory; roving.
Emigration	The act of emigrating; removal from one country or state to another, for the purpose of residence, as from Europe to America, or, in America, from the Atlantic States to the Western.
Emigration	A body emigrants; emigrants collectively; as, the German emigration.
Emigrational	Relating to emigration.
Emigrationist	An advocate or promoter of emigration.
Emigrator	One who emigrates; am emigrant.
Emigre	One of the natives of France who were opposed to the first Revolution, and who left their country in consequence.
Eminence	That which is eminent or lofty; a high ground or place; a height.
Eminence	An elevated condition among men; a place or station above men in general, either in rank, office, or celebrity; social or moral loftiness; high rank; distinction; preferment.
Eminence	A title of honor, especially applied to a cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church.
Eminences	of Eminency
Eminency	State of being eminent; eminence.
Eminent	High; lofty; towering; prominent.
Eminent	Being, metaphorically, above others, whether by birth, high station, merit, or virtue; high in public estimation; distinguished; conspicuous; as, an eminent station; an eminent historian, statements, statesman, or saint.
Eminently	In an eminent manner; in a high degree; conspicuously; as, to be eminently learned.
Emir	Alt. of Emeer
Emeer	An Arabian military commander, independent chieftain, or ruler of a province; also, an honorary title given to the descendants of Mohammed, in the line of his daughter Fatima; among the Turks, likewise, a title of dignity, given to certain high officials.
Emirship	Alt. of Emeership
Emeership	The rank or office of an Emir.
Emissaries	of Emissary
Emissary	An agent employed to advance, in a covert manner, the interests of his employers; one sent out by any power that is at war with another, to create dissatisfaction among the people of the latter.
Emissary	Exploring; spying.
Emissary	Applied to the veins which pass out of the cranium through apertures in its walls.
Emissaryship	The office of an emissary.
Emission	The act of sending or throwing out; the act of sending forth or putting into circulation; issue; as, the emission of light from the sun; the emission of heat from a fire; the emission of bank notes.
Emission	That which is sent out, issued, or put in circulation at one time; issue; as, the emission was mostly blood.
Emissitious	Looking, or narrowly examining; prying.
Emissive	Sending out; emitting; as, emissive powers.
Emissivity	Tendency to emission; comparative facility of emission, or rate at which emission takes place, as of heat from the surface of a heated body.
Emissory	Same as Emissary, a., 2.
Emitted	of Emit
Emitting	of Emit
Emit	To send forth; to throw or give out; to cause to issue; to give vent to; to eject; to discharge; as, fire emits heat and smoke; boiling water emits steam; the sun emits light.
Emit	To issue forth, as an order or decree; to print and send into circulation, as notes or bills of credit.
Emittent	Sending forth; emissive.
Emmantle	To cover over with, or as with, a mantle; to put about as a protection.
Emmanuel	See Immanuel.
Emmarble	To turn to marble; to harden.
Emmenagogue	A medicine that promotes the menstrual discharge.
Emmet	An ant.
Emmetropia	That refractive condition of the eye in which the rays of light are all brought accurately and without undue effort to a focus upon the retina; -- opposed to hypermetropia, myopia, an astigmatism.
Emmetropic	Pertaining to, or characterized by, emmetropia.
Emmetropy	Same as Emmetropia.
Emmew	To mew or coop up.
Emmove	To move; to rouse; to excite.
Emodin	An orange-red crystalline substance, C15H10O5, obtained from the buckthorn, rhubarb, etc., and regarded as a derivative of anthraquinone; -- so called from a species of rhubarb (Rheum emodei).
Emollescence	That degree of softness in a body beginning to melt which alters its shape; the first or lowest degree of fusibility.
Emolliated	of Emolliate
Emolliating	of Emolliate
Emolliate	To soften; to render effeminate.
Emollient	Softening; making supple; acting as an emollient.
Emollient	An external something or soothing application to allay irritation, soreness, etc.
Emollition	The act of softening or relaxing; relaxation.
Emolument	The profit arising from office, employment, or labor; gain; compensation; advantage; perquisites, fees, or salary.
Emolumental	Pertaining to an emolument; profitable.
Emong	Alt. of Emongst
Emongst	Among.
Emotion	A moving of the mind or soul; excitement of the feelings, whether pleasing or painful; disturbance or agitation of mind caused by a specific exciting cause and manifested by some sensible effect on the body.
Emotioned	Affected with emotion.
Emotional	Pertaining to, or characterized by, emotion; excitable; easily moved; sensational; as, an emotional nature.
Emotionalism	The cultivation of an emotional state of mind; tendency to regard things in an emotional manner.
Emotionalize	To give an emotional character to.
Emotive	Attended by, or having the character of, emotion.
Emotiveness	Susceptibility to emotion.
Emotivity	Emotiveness.
Emove	To move.
Empair	To impair.
Empaistic	Having to do with inlaid work; -- especially used with reference to work of the ancient Greeks.
Empale	To make pale.
Empaled	of Empale
Empaling	of Empale
Empale	To fence or fortify with stakes; to surround with a line of stakes for defense; to impale.
Empale	To inclose; to surround. See Impale.
Empale	To put to death by thrusting a sharpened stake through the body.
Empale	Same as Impale.
Empalement	A fencing, inclosing, or fortifying with stakes.
Empalement	A putting to death by thrusting a sharpened stake through the body.
Empalement	Same as Impalement.
Empanel	A list of jurors; a panel.
Empanel	See Impanel.
Empanoplied	Completely armed; panoplied.
Emparadise	Same as Imparadise.
Empark	To make a park of; to inclose, as with a fence; to impark.
Emparlance	Parley; imparlance.
Empasm	A perfumed powder sprinkled upon the body to mask the odor of sweat.
Empassion	To move with passion; to affect strongly. See Impassion.
Empassionate	Strongly affected.
Empawn	To put in pawn; to pledge; to impawn.
Empeach	To hinder. See Impeach.
Empearl	To form like pearls; to decorate with, or as with, pearls; to impearl.
Empeople	To form into a people or community; to inhabit; to people.
Emperess	See Empress.
Emperice	An empress.
Emperil	To put in peril. See Imperil.
Emperished	Perished; decayed.
Emperor	The sovereign or supreme monarch of an empire; -- a title of dignity superior to that of king; as, the emperor of Germany or of Austria; the emperor or Czar of Russia.
Emperorship	The rank or office of an emperor.
Empery	Empire; sovereignty; dominion.
Emphases	of Emphasis
Emphasis	A particular stress of utterance, or force of voice, given in reading and speaking to one or more words whose signification the speaker intends to impress specially upon his audience.
Emphasis	A peculiar impressiveness of expression or weight of thought; vivid representation, enforcing assent; as, to dwell on a subject with great emphasis.
Emphasized	of Emphasize
Emphasizing	of Emphasize
Emphasize	To utter or pronounce with a particular stress of voice; to make emphatic; as, to emphasize a word or a phrase.
Emphatic	Alt. of Emphatical
Emphatical	Uttered with emphasis; made prominent and impressive by a peculiar stress of voice; laying stress; deserving of stress or emphasis; forcible; impressive; strong; as, to remonstrate in am emphatic manner; an emphatic word; an emphatic tone; emphatic reasoning.
Emphatical	Striking the sense; attracting special attention; impressive; forcible.
Emphatically	With emphasis; forcibly; in a striking manner or degree; preeminently.
Emphatically	Not really, but apparently.
Emphaticalness	The quality of being emphatic; emphasis.
Emphractic	Having the quality of closing the pores of the skin.
Emphrensy	To madden.
Emphysema	A swelling produced by gas or air diffused in the cellular tissue.
Emphysematous	Pertaining to, or of the nature of, emphysema; swelled; bloated.
Emphyteusis	A real right, susceptible of assignment and of descent, charged on productive real estate, the right being coupled with the enjoyment of the property on condition of taking care of the estate and paying taxes, and sometimes a small rent.
Emphyteutic	Of or pertaining to an emphyteusis; as, emphyteutic lands.
Emphyteuticary	One who holds lands by emphyteusis.
Empierce	To pierce; to impierce.
Empight	Fixed; settled; fastened.
Empire	Supreme power; sovereignty; sway; dominion.
Empire	The dominion of an emperor; the territory or countries under the jurisdiction and dominion of an emperor (rarely of a king), usually of greater extent than a kingdom, always comprising a variety in the nationality of, or the forms of administration in, constituent and subordinate portions; as, the Austrian empire.
Empire	Any dominion; supreme control; governing influence; rule; sway; as, the empire of mind or of reason.
Empiric	One who follows an empirical method; one who relies upon practical experience.
Empiric	One who confines himself to applying the results of mere experience or his own observation; especially, in medicine, one who deviates from the rules of science and regular practice; an ignorant and unlicensed pretender; a quack; a charlatan.
Empiric	Alt. of Empirical
Empirical	Pertaining to, or founded upon, experiment or experience; depending upon the observation of phenomena; versed in experiments.
Empirical	Depending upon experience or observation alone, without due regard to science and theory; -- said especially of medical practice, remedies, etc.; wanting in science and deep insight; as, empiric skill, remedies.
Empirically	By experiment or experience; without science; in the manner of quacks.
Empiricism	The method or practice of an empiric; pursuit of knowledge by observation and experiment.
Empiricism	Specifically, a practice of medicine founded on mere experience, without the aid of science or a knowledge of principles; ignorant and unscientific practice; charlatanry; quackery.
Empiricism	The philosophical theory which attributes the origin of all our knowledge to experience.
Empiricist	An empiric.
Empiristic	Relating to, or resulting from, experience, or experiment; following from empirical methods or data; -- opposed to nativistic.
Emplaster	See Plaster.
Emplaster	To plaster over; to cover over so as to present a good appearance.
Emplastic	Fit to be applied as a plaster; glutinous; adhesive; as, emplastic applications.
Emplastic	A medicine causing constipation.
Emplastration	The act or process of grafting by inoculation; budding.
Emplastration	The application of a plaster or salve.
Emplead	To accuse; to indict. See Implead.
Emplection	See Emplecton.
Emplecton	A kind of masonry in which the outer faces of the wall are ashlar, the space between being filled with broken stone and mortar. Cross layers of stone are interlaid as binders.
Emplore	See Implore.
Employed	of Employ
Employing	of Employ
Employ	To inclose; to infold.
Employ	To use; to have in service; to cause to be engaged in doing something; -- often followed by in, about, on, or upon, and sometimes by to; as: (a) To make use of, as an instrument, a means, a material, etc., for a specific purpose; to apply; as, to employ the pen in writing, bricks in building, words and phrases in speaking; to employ the mind; to employ one's energies.
Employ	To occupy; as, to employ time in study.
Employ	To have or keep at work; to give employment or occupation to; to intrust with some duty or behest; as, to employ a hundred workmen; to employ an envoy.
Employ	That which engages or occupies a person; fixed or regular service or business; employment.
Employable	Capable of being employed; capable of being used; fit or proper for use.
Employe	One employed by another; a clerk or workman in the service of an employer.
Employee	One employed by another.
Employer	One who employs another; as, an employer of workmen.
Employment	The act of employing or using; also, the state of being employed.
Employment	That which engages or occupies; that which consumes time or attention; office or post of business; service; as, agricultural employments; mechanical employments; public employments; in the employment of government.
Emplumed	Plumed.
Emplunge	To plunge; to implunge.
Empoison	To poison; to impoison.
Empoison	Poison.
Empoisoner	Poisoner.
Empoisonment	The act of poisoning.
Emporetic	Alt. of Emporetical
Emporetical	Pertaining to an emporium; relating to merchandise.
Emporiums	of Emporium
Emporia	of Emporium
Emporium	A place of trade; a market place; a mart; esp., a city or town with extensive commerce; the commercial center of a country.
Emporium	The brain.
Empoverish	See Impoverish.
Empowered	of Empower
Empowering	of Empower
Empower	To give authority to; to delegate power to; to commission; to authorize (having commonly a legal force); as, the Supreme Court is empowered to try and decide cases, civil or criminal; the attorney is empowered to sign an acquittance, and discharge the debtor.
Empower	To give moral or physical power, faculties, or abilities to.
Empress	The consort of an emperor.
Empress	A female sovereign.
Empress	A sovereign mistress.
Emprint	See Imprint.
Emprise	An enterprise; endeavor; adventure.
Emprise	The qualifies which prompt one to undertake difficult and dangerous exploits.
Emprise	To undertake.
Emprising	Full of daring; adventurous.
Emprison	See Imprison.
Emprosthotonos	A drawing of the body forward, in consequence of the spasmodic action of some of the muscles.
Empte	To empty.
Emptier	One who, or that which, empties.
Emptier	of Empty.
Emptiness	The state of being empty; absence of contents; void space; vacuum; as, the emptiness of a vessel; emptiness of the stomach.
Emptiness	Want of solidity or substance; unsatisfactoriness; inability to satisfy desire; vacuity; hollowness; the emptiness of earthly glory.
Emptiness	Want of knowledge; lack of sense; vacuity of mind.
Emption	The act of buying.
Emptional	Capable of being purchased.
Empty	Containing nothing; not holding or having anything within; void of contents or appropriate contents; not filled; -- said of an inclosure, as a box, room, house, etc.; as, an empty chest, room, purse, or pitcher; an empty stomach; empty shackles.
Empty	Free; clear; devoid; -- often with of.
Empty	Having nothing to carry; unburdened.
Empty	Destitute of effect, sincerity, or sense; -- said of language; as, empty words, or threats.
Empty	Unable to satisfy; unsatisfactory; hollow; vain; -- said of pleasure, the world, etc.
Empty	Producing nothing; unfruitful; -- said of a plant or tree; as, an empty vine.
Empty	Destitute of, or lacking, sense, knowledge, or courtesy; as, empty brains; an empty coxcomb.
Empty	Destitute of reality, or real existence; unsubstantial; as, empty dreams.
Empties	of Empty
Empty	An empty box, crate, cask, etc.; -- used in commerce, esp. in transportation of freight; as, "special rates for empties."
Emptied	of Empty
Emptying	of Empty
Empty	To deprive of the contents; to exhaust; to make void or destitute; to make vacant; to pour out; to discharge; as, to empty a vessel; to empty a well or a cistern.
Empty	To discharge itself; as, a river empties into the ocean.
Empty	To become empty.
Emptying	The act of making empty.
Emptying	The lees of beer, cider, etc.; yeast.
Empugn	See Impugn.
Empurpled	of Empurple
Empurpling	of Empurple
Empurple	To tinge or dye of a purple color; to color with purple; to impurple.
Empuse	A phantom or specter.
Empuzzle	To puzzle.
Empyema	A collection of blood, pus, or other fluid, in some cavity of the body, especially that of the pleura.
Empyesis	An eruption of pustules.
Empyreal	Formed of pure fire or light; refined beyond aerial substance; pertaining to the highest and purest region of heaven.
Empyreal	Empyrean.
Empyrean	The highest heaven, where the pure element of fire was supposed by the ancients to subsist.
Empyrean	Empyreal.
Empyreuma	The peculiar smell and taste arising from products of decomposition of animal or vegetable substances when burnt in close vessels.
Empyreumatic	Alt. of Empyreumatical
Empyreumatical	Of or pertaining to empyreuma; as, an empyreumatic odor.
Empyreumatize	To render empyreumatic.
Empyrical	Containing the combustible principle of coal.
Empyrosis	A general fire; a conflagration.
Emrods	See Emerods.
Emu	A large Australian bird, of two species (Dromaius Novae-Hollandiae and D. irroratus), related to the cassowary and the ostrich. The emu runs swiftly, but is unable to fly.
Emulable	Capable of being emulated.
Emulate	Striving to excel; ambitious; emulous.
Emulated	of Emulate
Emulating	of Emulate
Emulate	To strive to equal or to excel in qualities or actions; to imitate, with a view to equal or to outdo, to vie with; to rival; as, to emulate the good and the great.
Emulation	The endeavor to equal or to excel another in qualities or actions; an assiduous striving to equal or excel another; rivalry.
Emulation	Jea/ous rivalry; envy; envious contention.
Emulative	Inclined to emulation; aspiring to competition; rivaling; as, an emulative person or effort.
Emulatively	In an emulative manner; with emulation.
Emulator	One who emulates, or strives to equal or surpass.
Emulatory	Pertaining to emulation; connected with rivalry.
Emulatress	A female emulator.
Emule	To emulate.
Emulge	To milk out; to drain.
Emulgent	Pertaining to the kidneys; renal; as, emulgent arteries and veins.
Emulgent	An emulgent vessel, as a renal artery or vein.
Emulgent	A medicine that excites the flow of bile.
Emulous	Ambitiously desirous to equal or even to excel another; eager to emulate or vie with another; desirous of like excellence with another; -- with of; as, emulous of another's example or virtues.
Emulous	Vying with; rivaling; hence, contentious, envious.
Emulously	In an emulous manner.
Emulousness	The quality of being emulous.
Emulsic	Pertaining to, or produced from, emulsin; as, emulsic acid.
Emulsify	To convert into an emulsion; to form an emulsion; to reduce from an oily substance to a milky fluid in which the fat globules are in a very finely divided state, giving it the semblance of solution; as, the pancreatic juice emulsifies the oily part of food.
Emulsin	The white milky pulp or extract of bitter almonds.
Emulsin	An unorganized ferment (contained in this extract and in other vegetable juices), which effects the decomposition of certain glucosides.
Emulsion	Any liquid preparation of a color and consistency resembling milk; as: (a) In pharmacy, an extract of seeds, or a mixture of oil and water united by a mucilaginous substance. (b) In photography, a liquid preparation of collodion holding salt of silver, used in the photographic process.
Emulsive	Softening; milklike.
Emulsive	Yielding oil by expression; as, emulsive seeds.
Emulsive	Producing or yielding a milklike substance; as, emulsive acids.
Emunctories	of Emunctory
Emunctory	Any organ or part of the body (as the kidneys, skin, etc.,) which serves to carry off excrementitious or waste matter.
Emuscation	A freeing from moss.
Emu wren	A small wrenlike Australian bird (Stipiturus malachurus), having the tail feathers long and loosely barbed, like emu feathers.
Emyds	of Emyd
Emyd//	of Emyd
Emyd	A fresh-water tortoise of the family Emydidae.
Emydea	A group of chelonians which comprises many species of fresh-water tortoises and terrapins.
En-	A prefix signifying in or into, used in many English words, chiefly those borrowed from the French. Some English words are written indifferently with en-or in-. For ease of pronunciation it is commonly changed to em-before p, b, and m, as in employ, embody, emmew. It is sometimes used to give a causal force, as in enable, enfeeble, to cause to be, or to make, able, or feeble; and sometimes merely gives an intensive force, as in enchasten. See In-.
En-	A prefix from Gr. / in, meaning in; as, encephalon, entomology. See In-.
-en	A suffix from AS. -an, formerly used to form the plural of many nouns, as in ashen, eyen, oxen, all obs. except oxen. In some cases, such as children and brethren, it has been added to older plural forms.
-en	A suffix corresponding to AS. -en and -on, formerly used to form the plural of verbs, as in housen, escapen.
-en	A suffix signifying to make, to cause, used to form verbs from nouns and adjectives; as in strengthen, quicken, frighten. This must not be confused with -en corresponding in Old English to the AS. infinitive ending -an.
-en	An adjectival suffix, meaning made of; as in golden, leaden, wooden.
-en	The termination of the past participle of many strong verbs; as, in broken, gotten, trodden.
En	Half an em, that is, half of the unit of space in measuring printed matter. See Em.
Enabled	of Enable
Enabling	of Enable
Enable	To give strength or ability to; to make firm and strong.
Enable	To make able (to do, or to be, something); to confer sufficient power upon; to furnish with means, opportunities, and the like; to render competent for; to empower; to endow.
Enablement	The act of enabling, or the state of being enabled; ability.
Enacted	of Enact
Enacting	of Enact
Enact	To decree; to establish by legal and authoritative act; to make into a law; especially, to perform the legislative act with reference to (a bill) which gives it the validity of law.
Enact	To act; to perform; to do; to effect.
Enact	To act the part of; to represent; to play.
Enact	Purpose; determination.
Enactive	Having power to enact or establish as a law.
Enactment	The passing of a bill into a law; the giving of legislative sanction and executive approval to a bill whereby it is established as a law.
Enactment	That which is enacted or passed into a law; a law; a decree; a statute; a prescribed requirement; as, a prohibitory enactment; a social enactment.
Enactor	One who enacts a law; one who decrees or establishes as a law.
Enacture	Enactment; resolution.
Enaliosaur	One of the Enaliosauria.
Enaliosauria	An extinct group of marine reptiles, embracing both the Ichthyosauria and the Plesiosauria, now regarded as distinct orders.
Enaliosaurian	Pertaining to the Enaliosauria.
Enaliosaurian	One of the Enaliosauria.
Enallage	A substitution, as of one part of speech for another, of one gender, number, case, person, tense, mode, or voice, of the same word, for another.
Enambush	To ambush.
Enamel	A variety of glass, used in ornament, to cover a surface, as of metal or pottery, and admitting of after decoration in color, or used itself for inlaying or application in varied colors.
Enamel	A glassy, opaque bead obtained by the blowpipe.
Enamel	That which is enameled; also, any smooth, glossy surface, resembling enamel, especially if variegated.
Enamel	The intensely hard calcified tissue entering into the composition of teeth. It merely covers the exposed parts of the teeth of man, but in many animals is intermixed in various ways with the dentine and cement.
Enameled	of Enamel
Enamelled	of Enamel
Enameling	of Enamel
Enamelling	of Enamel
Enamel	To lay enamel upon; to decorate with enamel whether inlaid or painted.
Enamel	To variegate with colors as if with enamel.
Enamel	To form a glossy surface like enamel upon; as, to enamel card paper; to enamel leather or cloth.
Enamel	To disguise with cosmetics, as a woman's complexion.
Enamel	To practice the art of enameling.
Enamel	Relating to the art of enameling; as, enamel painting.
Enamelar	Consisting of enamel; resembling enamel; smooth; glossy.
Enameled	Coated or adorned with enamel; having a glossy or variegated surface; glazed.
Enameler	Alt. of Enamelist
Enamelist	One who enamels; a workman or artist who applies enamels in ornamental work.
Enamored	of Enamor
Enamoring	of Enamor
Enamor	To inflame with love; to charm; to captivate; -- with of, or with, before the person or thing; as, to be enamored with a lady; to be enamored of books or science.
Enamorment	The state of being enamored.
Enantiomorphous	Similar, but not superposable, i. e., related to each other as a right-handed to a left-handed glove; -- said of certain hemihedral crystals.
Enantiopathic	Serving to palliate; palliative.
Enantiopathy	An opposite passion or affection.
Enantiopathy	Allopathy; -- a term used by followers of Hahnemann, or homeopathists.
Enantiosis	A figure of speech by which what is to be understood affirmatively is stated negatively, and the contrary; affirmation by contraries.
Enarch	To arch.
Enarched	Bent into a curve; -- said of a bend or other ordinary.
Enargite	An iron-black mineral of metallic luster, occurring in small orthorhombic crystals, also massive. It contains sulphur, arsenic, copper, and often silver.
Enarmed	Same as Armed, 3.
Enarration	A detailed exposition; relation.
Enarthrodia	See Enarthrosis.
Enarthrosis	A ball and socket joint, or the kind of articulation represented by such a joint. See Articulation.
Enascent	Coming into being; nascent.
Enatation	A swimming out.
Enate	Growing out.
Enation	Any unusual outgrowth from the surface of a thing, as of a petal; also, the capacity or act of producing such an outgrowth.
Enaunter	Lest that.
Enavigate	To sail away or over.
Enbattled	Embattled.
Enbibe	To imbibe.
Enbroude	See Embroude.
Encaged	of Encage
Engaging	of Encage
Encage	To confine in a cage; to coop up.
Encalendar	To register in a calendar; to calendar.
Encamped	of Encamp
Encamping	of Encamp
Encamp	To form and occupy a camp; to prepare and settle in temporary habitations, as tents or huts; to halt on a march, pitch tents, or form huts, and remain for the night or for a longer time, as an army or a company traveling.
Encamp	To form into a camp; to place in a temporary habitation, or quarters.
Encampment	The act of pitching tents or forming huts, as by an army or traveling company, for temporary lodging or rest.
Encampment	The place where an army or a company is encamped; a camp; tents pitched or huts erected for temporary lodgings.
Encanker	To canker.
Encapsulation	The act of inclosing in a capsule; the growth of a membrane around (any part) so as to inclose it in a capsule.
Encarnalize	To carnalize; to make gross.
Encarpus	An ornament on a frieze or capital, consisting of festoons of fruit, flowers, leaves, etc.
Encase	To inclose as in a case. See Incase.
Encasement	The act of encasing; also, that which encases.
Encasement	An old theory of generation similar to embo/tement. See Ovulist.
Encash	To turn into cash; to cash.
Encashment	The payment in cash of a note, draft, etc.
Encauma	An ulcer in the eye, upon the cornea, which causes the loss of the humors.
Encaustic	Prepared by means of heat; burned in.
Encaustic	The method of painting in heated wax, or in any way where heat is used to fix the colors.
Encave	To hide in, or as in, a cave or recess.
-ence	A noun suffix signifying action, state, or quality; also, that which relates to the action or state; as in emergence, diffidence, diligence, influence, difference, excellence. See -ance.
Enceinte	The line of works which forms the main inclosure of a fortress or place; -- called also body of the place.
Enceinte	The area or town inclosed by a line of fortification.
Enceinte	Pregnant; with child.
Encenia	A festival commemorative of the founding of a city or the consecration of a church; also, the ceremonies (as at Oxford and Cambridge, England) commemorative of founders or benefactors.
Encense	To offer incense to or upon; to burn incense.
Encephalic	Pertaining to the encephalon or brain.
Encephalitis	Inflammation of the brain.
Encephalocele	Hernia of the brain.
Encephaloid	Resembling the material of the brain; cerebriform.
Encephaloid	An encephaloid cancer.
Encephalology	The science which treats of the brain, its structure and functions.
Encephalon	The contents of the cranium; the brain.
Encephalopathy	Any disease or symptoms of disease referable to disorders of the brain; as, lead encephalopathy, the cerebral symptoms attending chronic lead poisoning.
Encephalos	The encephalon.
Encephalotomy	The act or art of dissecting the brain.
Encephalous	Having a head; -- said of most Mollusca; -- opposed to acephalous.
Enchafe	To chafe; to enrage; to heat.
Enchafing	Heating; burning.
Enchain	To bind with a chain; to hold in chains.
Enchain	To hold fast; to confine; as, to enchain attention.
Enchain	To link together; to connect.
Enchainment	The act of enchaining, or state of being enchained.
Enchair	To seat in a chair.
Enchannel	To make run in a channel.
Enchanted	of Enchant
Enchanting	of Enchant
Enchant	To charm by sorcery; to act on by enchantment; to get control of by magical words and rites.
Enchant	To delight in a high degree; to charm; to enrapture; as, music enchants the ear.
Enchanted	Under the power of enchantment; possessed or exercised by enchanters; as, an enchanted castle.
Enchanter	One who enchants; a sorcerer or magician; also, one who delights as by an enchantment.
Enchanting	Having a power of enchantment; charming; fascinating.
Enchantment	The act of enchanting; the production of certain wonderful effects by the aid of demons, or the agency of supposed spirits; the use of magic arts, spells, or charms; incantation.
Enchantment	The effect produced by the act; the state of being enchanted; as, to break an enchantment.
Enchantment	That which captivates the heart and senses; an influence or power which fascinates or highly delights.
Enchantress	A woman versed in magical arts; a sorceress; also, a woman who fascinates.
Encharged	of Encharge
Encharging	of Encharge
Encharge	To charge (with); to impose (a charge) upon.
Encharge	A charge.
Enchased	of Enchase
Enchasing	of Enchase
Enchase	To incase or inclose in a border or rim; to surround with an ornamental casing, as a gem with gold; to encircle; to inclose; to adorn.
Enchase	To chase; to ornament by embossing or engraving; as, to enchase a watch case.
Enchase	To delineate or describe, as by writing.
Enchaser	One who enchases.
Enchasten	To chasten.
Encheson	Alt. of Encheason
Encheason	Occasion, cause, or reason.
Enchest	To inclose in a chest.
Enchiridion	Handbook; a manual of devotions.
Enchisel	To cut with a chisel.
Enchodus	A genus of extinct Cretaceous fishes; -- so named from their spear-shaped teeth. They were allied to the pike (Esox).
Enchondroma	A cartilaginous tumor growing from the interior of a bone.
Enchorial	Alt. of Enchoric
Enchoric	Belonging to, or used in, a country; native; domestic; popular; common; -- said especially of the written characters employed by the common people of ancient Egypt, in distinction from the hieroglyphics. See Demotic.
Enchylemma	The basal substance of the cell nucleus; a hyaline or granular substance, more or less fluid during life, in which the other parts of the nucleus are imbedded.
Enchyma	The primitive formative juice, from which the tissues, particularly the cellular tissue, are formed.
Encincture	A cincture.
Encindered	Burnt to cinders.
Encircled	of Encircle
Encircling	of Encircle
Encircle	To form a circle about; to inclose within a circle or ring; to surround; as, to encircle one in the arms; the army encircled the city.
Encirclet	A small circle; a ring.
Enclasp	To clasp. See Inclasp.
Enclave	A tract of land or a territory inclosed within another territory of which it is independent. See Exclave.
Enclave	To inclose within an alien territory.
Enclavement	The state of being an enclave.
Enclitic	Alt. of Enclitical
Enclitical	Affixed; subjoined; -- said of a word or particle which leans back upon the preceding word so as to become a part of it, and to lose its own independent accent, generally varying also the accent of the preceding word.
Enclitic	A word which is joined to another so closely as to lose its proper accent, as the pronoun thee in prithee (pray thee).
Enclitically	In an enclitic manner; by throwing the accent back.
Enclitics	The art of declining and conjugating words.
Encloister	To shut up in a cloister; to cloister.
Enclose	To inclose. See Inclose.
Enclosure	Inclosure. See Inclosure.
Enclothe	To clothe.
Encloud	To envelop in clouds; to cloud.
Encoach	To carry in a coach.
Encoffin	To put in a coffin.
Encolden	To render cold.
Encollar	To furnish or surround with a collar.
Encolor	To color.
Encolure	The neck of horse.
Encomber	See Encumber.
Encomberment	Hindrance; molestation.
Encomiast	One who praises; a panegyrist.
Encomiastic	Alt. of Encomiastical
Encomiastical	Bestowing praise; praising; eulogistic; laudatory; as, an encomiastic address or discourse.
Encomiastic	A panegyric.
Encomion	Encomium; panegyric.
Encomiums	of Encomium
Encomium	Warm or high praise; panegyric; strong commendation.
Encompassed	of Encompass
Encompassing	of Encompass
Encompass	To circumscribe or go round so as to surround closely; to encircle; to inclose; to environ; as, a ring encompasses the finger; an army encompasses a city; a voyage encompassing the world.
Encompassment	The act of surrounding, or the state of being surrounded; circumvention.
Encore	Once more; again; -- used by the auditors and spectators of plays, concerts, and other entertainments, to call for a repetition of a particular part.
Encore	A call or demand (as, by continued applause) for a repetition; as, the encores were numerous.
Encored	of Encore
Encoring	of Encore
Encore	To call for a repetition or reappearance of; as, to encore a song or a singer.
Encorporing	Incorporation.
Encoubert	One of several species of armadillos of the genera Dasypus and Euphractus, having five toes both on the fore and hind feet.
Encountered	of Encounter
Encountering	of Encounter
Encounter	To come against face to face; to meet; to confront, either by chance, suddenly, or deliberately; especially, to meet in opposition or with hostile intent; to engage in conflict with; to oppose; to struggle with; as, to encounter a friend in traveling; two armies encounter each other; to encounter obstacles or difficulties, to encounter strong evidence of a truth.
Encounter	To meet face to face; to have a meeting; to meet, esp. as enemies; to engage in combat; to fight; as, three armies encountered at Waterloo.
Encounter	A meeting face to face; a running against; a sudden or incidental meeting; an interview.
Encounter	A meeting, with hostile purpose; hence, a combat; a battle; as, a bloody encounter.
Encounterer	One who encounters; an opponent; an antagonist.
Encouraged	of Encourage
Encouraging	of Encourage
Encourage	To give courage to; to inspire with courage, spirit, or hope; to raise, or to increase, the confidence of; to animate; enhearten; to incite; to help forward; -- the opposite of discourage.
Encouragement	The act of encouraging; incitement to action or to practice; as, the encouragement of youth in generosity.
Encouragement	That which serves to incite, support, promote, or advance, as favor, countenance, reward, etc.; incentive; increase of confidence; as, the fine arts find little encouragement among a rude people.
Encourager	One who encourages, incites, or helps forward; a favorer.
Encouraging	Furnishing ground to hope; inspiriting; favoring.
Encowl	To make a monk (or wearer of a cowl) of.
Encradle	To lay in a cradle.
Encratite	One of a sect in the 2d century who abstained from marriage, wine, and animal food; -- called also Continent.
Encrease	i. [Obs.] See Increase.
Encrimson	To give a crimson or red color to; to crimson.
Encrinic	Alt. of Encrinital
Encrinal	Alt. of Encrinital
Encrinital	Relating to encrinites; containing encrinites, as certain kinds of limestone.
Encrinite	A fossil crinoid, esp. one belonging to, or resembling, the genus Encrinus. Sometimes used in a general sense for any crinoid.
Encrinitic	Alt. of Encrinitical
Encrinitical	Pertaining to encrinites; encrinal.
Encrinoidea	That order of the Crinoidea which includes most of the living and many fossil forms, having jointed arms around the margin of the oral disk; -- also called Brachiata and Articulata. See Illusts. under Comatula and Crinoidea.
Encrini	of Encrinus
Encrinus	A genus of fossil encrinoidea, from the Mesozoic rocks.
Encrisped	Curled.
Encroached	of Encroach
Encroaching	of Encroach
Encroach	To enter by gradual steps or by stealth into the possessions or rights of another; to trespass; to intrude; to trench; -- commonly with on or upon; as, to encroach on a neighbor; to encroach on the highway.
Encroach	Encroachment.
Encroacher	One who by gradual steps enters on, and takes possession of, what is not his own.
Encroachingly	By way of encroachment.
Encroachment	The act of entering gradually or silently upon the rights or possessions of another; unlawful intrusion.
Encroachment	That which is taken by encroaching on another.
Encroachment	An unlawful diminution of the possessions of another.
Encrust	To incrust. See Incrust.
Encrustment	That which is formed as a crust; incrustment; incrustation.
Encumbered	of Encumber
Encumbering	of Encumber
Encumber	To impede the motion or action of, as with a burden; to retard with something superfluous; to weigh down; to obstruct or embarrass; as, his movements were encumbered by his mantle; his mind is encumbered with useless learning.
Encumber	To load with debts, or other legal claims; as, to encumber an estate with mortgages.
Encumberment	Encumbrance.
Encumbrance	That which encumbers; a burden which impedes action, or renders it difficult and laborious; a clog; an impediment. See Incumbrance.
Encumbrance	Same as Incumbrance.
Encumbrancer	Same as Incumbrancer.
Encurtain	To inclose with curtains.
-ency	A noun suffix having much the same meaning as -ence, but more commonly signifying the quality or state; as, emergency, efficiency. See -ancy.
Encyclic	Alt. of Encyclical
Encyclical	Sent to many persons or places; intended for many, or for a whole order of men; general; circular; as, an encyclical letter of a council, of a bishop, or the pope.
Encyclic	Alt. of Encyclical
Encyclical	An encyclical letter, esp. one from a pope.
Encyclopedia	Alt. of Encyclopaedia
Encyclopaedia	The circle of arts and sciences; a comprehensive summary of knowledge, or of a branch of knowledge; esp., a work in which the various branches of science or art are discussed separately, and usually in alphabetical order; a cyclopedia.
Encyclopediacal	Encyclopedic.
Encyclopedian	Embracing the whole circle of learning, or a wide range of subjects.
Encyclopedic	Alt. of Encyclopedical
Encyclopedical	Pertaining to, or of the nature of, an encyclopedia; embracing a wide range of subjects.
Encyclopedism	The art of writing or compiling encyclopedias; also, possession of the whole range of knowledge; encyclopedic learning.
Encyclopedist	The compiler of an encyclopedia, or one who assists in such compilation; also, one whose knowledge embraces the whole range of the sciences.
Encyst	To inclose in a cyst.
Encystation	Encystment.
Encysted	Inclosed in a cyst, or a sac, bladder, or vesicle; as, an encysted tumor.
Encystment	A process which, among some of the lower forms of life, precedes reproduction by budding, fission, spore formation, etc.
Encystment	A process by which many internal parasites, esp. in their larval states, become inclosed within a cyst in the muscles, liver, etc. See Trichina.
End	The extreme or last point or part of any material thing considered lengthwise (the extremity of breadth being side); hence, extremity, in general; the concluding part; termination; close; limit; as, the end of a field, line, pole, road; the end of a year, of a discourse; put an end to pain; -- opposed to beginning, when used of anything having a first part.
End	Point beyond which no procession can be made; conclusion; issue; result, whether successful or otherwise; conclusive event; consequence.
End	Termination of being; death; destruction; extermination; also, cause of death or destruction.
End	The object aimed at in any effort considered as the close and effect of exertion; ppurpose; intention; aim; as, to labor for private or public ends.
End	That which is left; a remnant; a fragment; a scrap; as, odds and ends.
End	One of the yarns of the worsted warp in a Brussels carpet.
Ended	of End
Ending	of End
End	To bring to an end or conclusion; to finish; to close; to terminate; as, to end a speech.
End	To form or be at the end of; as, the letter k ends the word back.
End	To destroy; to put to death.
End	To come to the ultimate point; to be finished; to come to a close; to cease; to terminate; as, a voyage ends; life ends; winter ends.
Endable	That may be ended; terminable.
End-all	Complete termination.
Endamaged	of Endamage
Endamaging	of Endamage
Endamage	To bring loss or damage to; to harm; to injure.
Endamageable	Capable of being damaged, or injured; damageable.
Endamagement	Damage; injury; harm.
Endamnify	To damnify; to injure.
Endangered	of Endanger
Endangering	of Endanger
Endanger	To put to hazard; to bring into danger or peril; to expose to loss or injury; as, to endanger life or peace.
Endanger	To incur the hazard of; to risk.
Endangerment	Hazard; peril.
Endark	To darken.
Endaspidean	Having the anterior scutes extending around the tarsus on the inner side; -- said of certain birds.
Endazzle	To dazzle.
Endeared	of Endear
Endearing	of Endear
Endear	To make dear or beloved.
Endear	To raise the price or cost of; to make costly or expensive.
Endearedly	With affection or endearment; dearly.
Endearedness	State of being endeared.
Endearing	Making dear or beloved; causing love.
Endearment	The act of endearing or the state of being endeared; also, that which manifests, excites, or increases, affection.
Endeavored	of Endeavor
Endeavoring	of Endeavor
Endeavor	To exert physical or intellectual strength for the attainment of; to use efforts to effect; to strive to achieve or reach; to try; to attempt.
Endeavor	To exert one's self; to work for a certain end.
Endeavor	An exertion of physical or intellectual strength toward the attainment of an object; a systematic or continuous attempt; an effort; a trial.
Endeavorer	One who makes an effort or attempt.
Endeavorment	Act of endeavoring; endeavor.
Endecagon	A plane figure of eleven sides and angles.
Endecagynous	Having eleven pistils; as, an endecagynous flower.
Endecane	One of the higher hydrocarbons of the paraffin series, C11H24, found as a constituent of petroleum.
Endecaphyllous	Composed of eleven leaflets; -- said of a leaf.
Endeictic	Serving to show or exhibit; as, an endeictic dialogue, in the Platonic philosophy, is one which exhibits a specimen of skill.
Endeixis	An indication.
Endemial	Endemic.
Endemic	Alt. of Endemical
Endemical	Peculiar to a district or particular locality, or class of persons; as, an endemic disease.
Endemic	An endemic disease.
Endemically	In an endemic manner.
Endemiology	The science which treats of endemic affections.
Endenization	The act of naturalizing.
Endenize	To endenizen.
Endenizen	To admit to the privileges of a denizen; to naturalize.
Ender	One who, or that which, makes an end of something; as, the ender of my life.
Endermatic	Endermic.
Endermic	Acting through the skin, or by direct application to the skin.
Endermically	By the endermic method; as, applied endermically.
Enderon	The deep sensitive and vascular layer of the skin and mucous membranes.
Endiademed	Diademed.
Endiaper	To decorate with a diaper pattern.
Endict	See Indict.
Endictment	See Indictment.
Ending	Termination; concluding part; result; conclusion; destruction; death.
Ending	The final syllable or letter of a word; the part joined to the stem. See 3d Case, 5.
Endite	See Indite.
Endive	A composite herb (Cichorium Endivia). Its finely divided and much curled leaves, when blanched, are used for salad.
Endless	Without end; having no end or conclusion; perpetual; interminable; -- applied to length, and to duration; as, an endless line; endless time; endless bliss; endless praise; endless clamor.
Endless	Infinite; excessive; unlimited.
Endless	Without profitable end; fruitless; unsatisfying.
Endless	Void of design; objectless; as, an endless pursuit.
Endlessly	In an endless manner.
Endlessness	The quality of being endless; perpetuity.
Endlong	Lengthwise; along.
Endmost	Farthest; remotest; at the very end.
Endo-	Alt. of End-
End-	A combining form signifying within; as, endocarp, endogen, endocuneiform, endaspidean.
Endoblast	Entoblast; endoplast. See Nucleus,
Endoblastic	Relating to the endoblast; as, the endoblastic layer.
Endocardiac	Alt. of Endocardial
Endocardial	Pertaining to the endocardium.
Endocardial	Seated or generated within the heart; as, endocardial murmurs.
Endocarditis	Inflammation of the endocardium.
Endocardium	The membrane lining the cavities of the heart.
Endocarp	The inner layer of a ripened or fructified ovary.
Endochondral	Growing or developing within cartilage; -- applied esp. to developing bone.
Endochrome	The coloring matter within the cells of plants, whether green, red, yellow, or any other color.
Endoctrine	To teach; to indoctrinate.
Endocyst	The inner layer of the cells of Bryozoa.
Endoderm	The inner layer of the skin or integument of an animal.
Endoderm	The innermost layer of the blastoderm and the structures derived from it; the hypoblast; the entoblast. See Illust. of Ectoderm.
Endodermal	Alt. of Endodermic
Endodermic	Of or pertaining to the endoderm.
Endodermis	A layer of cells forming a kind of cuticle inside of the proper cortical layer, or surrounding an individual fibrovascular bundle.
Endogamous	Marrying within the same tribe; -- opposed to exogamous.
Endogamy	Marriage only within the tribe; a custom restricting a man in his choice of a wife to the tribe to which he belongs; -- opposed to exogamy.
Endogen	A plant which increases in size by internal growth and elongation at the summit, having the wood in the form of bundles or threads, irregularly distributed throughout the whole diameter, not forming annual layers, and with no distinct pith. The leaves of the endogens have, usually, parallel veins, their flowers are mostly in three, or some multiple of three, parts, and their embryos have but a single cotyledon, with the first leaves alternate. The endogens constitute one of the great primary classes of plants, and included all palms, true lilies, grasses, rushes, orchids, the banana, pineapple, etc. See Exogen.
Endogenesis	Endogeny.
Endogenetic	Endogenous.
Endogenous	Increasing by internal growth and elongation at the summit, instead of externally, and having no distinction of pith, wood, and bark, as the rattan, the palm, the cornstalk.
Endogenous	Originating from within; increasing by internal growth.
Endogenously	By endogenous growth.
Endogeny	Growth from within; multiplication of cells by endogenous division, as in the development of one or more cells in the interior of a parent cell.
Endognath	The inner or principal branch of the oral appendages of Crustacea. See Maxilla.
Endognathal	Pertaining to the endognath.
Endolymph	The watery fluid contained in the membranous labyrinth of the internal ear.
Endolymphangial	Within a lymphatic vessel.
Endolymphatic	Pertaining to, or containing, endolymph; as, the endolymphatic duct.
Endolymphatic	Within a lymphatic vessel; endolymphangial.
Endome	To cover as with a dome.
Endometritis	Inflammation of the endometrium.
Endometrium	The membrane lining the inner surface of the uterus, or womb.
Endomorph	A crystal of one species inclosed within one of another, as one of rutile inclosed in quartz.
Endomysium	The delicate bands of connective tissue interspersed among muscular fibers.
Endoneurium	The delicate bands of connective tissue among nerve fibers.
Endoparasite	Any parasite which lives in the internal organs of an animal, as the tapeworms, Trichina, etc.; -- opposed to ectoparasite. See Entozoon.
Endophloeum	The inner layer of the bark of trees.
Endophragma	A chitinous structure above the nervous cord in the thorax of certain Crustacea.
Endophragmal	Of or pertaining to the endophragma.
Endophyllous	Wrapped up within a leaf or sheath.
Endoplasm	The protoplasm in the interior of a cell.
Endoplasma	Same as Entoplasm and Endosarc.
Endoplast	See Nucleus.
Endoplastica	A group of Rhizopoda having a distinct nucleus, as the am/ba.
Endoplastule	See Nucleolus.
Endopleura	The inner coating of a seed. See Tegmen.
Endopleurite	The portion of each apodeme developed from the interepimeral membrane in certain crustaceans.
Endopodite	The internal or principal branch of the locomotive appendages of Crustacea. See Maxilliped.
Endorhizae	of Endorhiza
Endorhiza	Any monocotyledonous plant; -- so named because many monocotyledons have an endorhizal embryo.
Endorhizal	Alt. of Endorhizous
Endorhizous	Having the radicle of the embryo sheathed by the cotyledon, through which the embryo bursts in germination, as in many monocotyledonous plants.
Endorsed	of Endorse
Endorsing	of Endorse
Endorse	Same as Indorse.
Endorse	A subordinary, resembling the pale, but of one fourth its width (according to some writers, one eighth).
Endorsee	Same as Indorsee.
Endorsement	Same as Indorsement.
Endorser	Same as Indorser.
Endosarc	The semifluid, granular interior of certain unicellular organisms, as the inner layer of sarcode in the amoeba; entoplasm; endoplasta.
Endoscope	An instrument for examining the interior of the rectum, the urethra, and the bladder.
Endoscopy	The art or process of examining by means of the endoscope.
Endoskeletal	Pertaining to, or connected with, the endoskeleton; as, endoskeletal muscles.
Endoskeleton	The bony, cartilaginous, or other internal framework of an animal, as distinguished from the exoskeleton.
Endosmometer	An instrument for measuring the force or amount of endosmotic action.
Endosmometric	Pertaining to, or designed for, the measurement of endosmotic action.
Endosmose	Alt. of Endosmosis
Endosmosis	The transmission of a fluid or gas from without inward in the phenomena, or by the process, of osmose.
Endosmosmic	Endosmotic.
Endosmotic	Pertaining to endosmose; of the nature endosmose; osmotic.
Endosperm	The albumen of a seed; -- limited by recent writers to that formed within the embryo sac.
Endospermic	Relating to, accompanied by, or containing, endosperm.
Endospore	The thin inner coat of certain spores.
Endosporous	Having the spores contained in a case; -- applied to fungi.
Endoss	To put upon the back or outside of anything; -- the older spelling of endorse.
Endosteal	Relating to endostosis; as, endosteal ossification.
Endosternite	The part of each apodeme derived from the intersternal membrane in Crustacea and insects.
Endosteum	The layer of vascular connective tissue lining the medullary cavities of bone.
Endostoma	A plate which supports the labrum in certain Crustacea.
Endostome	The foramen or passage through the inner integument of an ovule.
Endostome	And endostoma.
Endostosis	A process of bone formation in which ossification takes place within the substance of the cartilage.
Endostyle	A fold of the endoderm, which projects into the blood cavity of ascidians. See Tunicata.
Endotheca	The tissue which partially fills the interior of the interseptal chambers of most madreporarian corals. It usually consists of a series of oblique tranverse septa, one above another.
Endothecium	The inner lining of an anther cell.
Endothelial	Of, or relating to, endothelium.
Endothelia	of Endothelium
Endothelium	The thin epithelium lining the blood vessels, lymphatics, and serous cavities. See Epithelium.
Endotheloid	Like endothelium.
Endothorax	An internal process of the sternal plates in the thorax of insects.
Endowed	of Endow
Endowing	of Endow
Endow	To furnish with money or its equivalent, as a permanent fund for support; to make pecuniary provision for; to settle an income upon; especially, to furnish with dower; as, to endow a wife; to endow a public institution.
Endow	To enrich or furnish with anything of the nature of a gift (as a quality or faculty); -- followed by with, rarely by of; as, man is endowed by his Maker with reason; to endow with privileges or benefits.
Endower	To endow.
Endower	One who endows.
Endowment	The act of bestowing a dower, fund, or permanent provision for support.
Endowment	That which is bestowed or settled on a person or an institution; property, fund, or revenue permanently appropriated to any object; as, the endowment of a church, a hospital, or a college.
Endowment	That which is given or bestowed upon the person or mind; gift of nature; accomplishment; natural capacity; talents; -- usually in the plural.
Endozoa	See Entozoa.
Endrudge	To make a drudge or slave of.
Endued	of Endue
Enduing	of Endue
Endue	To invest.
Endue	An older spelling of Endow.
Enduement	Act of enduing; induement.
Endurable	Capable of being endured or borne; sufferable.
Endurably	In an endurable manner.
Endurance	A state or quality of lasting or duration; lastingness; continuance.
Endurance	The act of bearing or suffering; a continuing under pain or distress without resistance, or without being overcome; sufferance; patience.
Endurant	Capable of enduring fatigue, pain, hunger, etc.
Endured	of Endure
Enduring	of Endure
Endure	To continue in the same state without perishing; to last; to remain.
Endure	To remain firm, as under trial or suffering; to suffer patiently or without yielding; to bear up under adversity; to hold out.
Endure	To remain firm under; to sustain; to undergo; to support without breaking or yielding; as, metals endure a certain degree of heat without melting; to endure wind and weather.
Endure	To bear with patience; to suffer without opposition or without sinking under the pressure or affliction; to bear up under; to put up with; to tolerate.
Endure	To harden; to toughen; to make hardy.
Endurement	Endurance.
Endurer	One who, or that which, endures or lasts; one who bears, suffers, or sustains.
Enduring	Lasting; durable; long-suffering; as, an enduring disposition.
Endways	Alt. of Endwise
Endwise	On end; erectly; in an upright position.
Endwise	With the end forward.
Endyma	See Ependyma.
Endyses	of Endysis
Endysis	The act of developing a new coat of hair, a new set of feathers, scales, etc.; -- opposed to ecdysis.
Enecate	To kill off; to destroy.
Eneid	Same as Aeneid.
Enemata	of Enema
Enema	An injection, or clyster, thrown into the rectum as a medicine, or to impart nourishment.
Enemies	of Enemy
Enemy	One hostile to another; one who hates, and desires or attempts the injury of, another; a foe; an adversary; as, an enemy of or to a person; an enemy to truth, or to falsehood.
Enemy	Hostile; inimical.
Enepidermic	Applied to the skin without friction; -- said of medicines.
Energetic	Alt. of Energetical
Energetical	Having energy or energies; possessing a capacity for vigorous action or for exerting force; active.
Energetical	Exhibiting energy; operating with force, vigor, and effect; forcible; powerful; efficacious; as, energetic measures; energetic laws.
Energetics	That branch of science which treats of the laws governing the physical or mechanical, in distinction from the vital, forces, and which comprehends the consideration and general investigation of the whole range of the forces concerned in physical phenomena.
Energic	Alt. of Energical
Energical	In a state of action; acting; operating.
Energical	Having energy or great power; energetic.
Energized	of Energize
Energizing	of Energize
Energize	To use strength in action; to act or operate with force or vigor; to act in producing an effect.
Energize	To give strength or force to; to make active; to alacrify; as, to energize the will.
Energizer	One who, or that which, gives energy, or acts in producing an effect.
Energizing	Capable of imparting or exercising energy.
Energumen	One possessed by an evil spirit; a demoniac.
Energies	of Energy
Energy	Internal or inherent power; capacity of acting, operating, or producing an effect, whether exerted or not; as, men possessing energies may suffer them to lie inactive.
Energy	Power efficiently and forcibly exerted; vigorous or effectual operation; as, the energy of a magistrate.
Energy	Strength of expression; force of utterance; power to impress the mind and arouse the feelings; life; spirit; -- said of speech, language, words, style; as, a style full of energy.
Energy	Capacity for performing work.
Enervated	of Enervate
Enervating	of Enervate
Enervate	To deprive of nerve, force, strength, or courage; to render feeble or impotent; to make effeminate; to impair the moral powers of.
Enervate	Weakened; weak; without strength of force.
Enervation	The act of weakening, or reducing strength.
Enervation	The state of being weakened; effeminacy.
Enervative	Having power, or a tendency, to enervate; weakening.
Enerve	To weaken; to enervate.
Enervous	Lacking nerve or force; enervated.
Enfamish	To famish; to starve.
Enfect	Contaminated with illegality.
Enfeebled	of Enfeeble
Enfeebling	of Enfeeble
Enfeeble	To make feeble; to deprive of strength; to reduce the strength or force of; to weaken; to debilitate.
Enfeeblement	The act of weakening; enervation; weakness.
Enfeebler	One who, or that which, weakens or makes feeble.
Enfeeblish	To enfeeble.
Enfeloned	Rendered fierce or frantic.
Enfeoffed	of Enfeoff
Enfeoffing	of Enfeoff
Enfeoff	To give a feud, or right in land, to; to invest with a fief or fee; to invest (any one) with a freehold estate by the process of feoffment.
Enfeoff	To give in vassalage; to make subservient.
Enfeoffment	The act of enfeoffing.
Enfeoffment	The instrument or deed by which one is invested with the fee of an estate.
Enfester	To fester.
Enfetter	To bind in fetters; to enchain.
Enfever	To excite fever in.
Enfierced	of Enfierce
Enfiercing	of Enfierce
Enfierce	To make fierce.
Enfilade	A line or straight passage, or the position of that which lies in a straight line.
Enfilade	A firing in the direction of the length of a trench, or a line of parapet or troops, etc.; a raking fire.
Enfiladed	of Enfilade
Enfilading	of Enfilade
Enfilade	To pierce, scour, or rake with shot in the direction of the length of, as a work, or a line of troops.
Enfiled	Having some object, as the head of a man or beast, impaled upon it; as, a sword which is said to be "enfiled of" the thing which it pierces.
Enfire	To set on fire.
Enflesh	To clothe with flesh.
Enflowered	of Enflower
Enflowering	of Enflower
Enflower	To cover or deck with flowers.
Enfold	To infold. See Infold.
Enfoldment	The act of infolding. See Infoldment.
Enforced	of Enforce
Enforcing	of Enforce
Enforce	To put force upon; to force; to constrain; to compel; as, to enforce obedience to commands.
Enforce	To make or gain by force; to obtain by force; as, to enforce a passage.
Enforce	To put in motion or action by violence; to drive.
Enforce	To give force to; to strengthen; to invigorate; to urge with energy; as, to enforce arguments or requests.
Enforce	To put in force; to cause to take effect; to give effect to; to execute with vigor; as, to enforce the laws.
Enforce	To urge; to ply hard; to lay much stress upon.
Enforce	To attempt by force.
Enforce	To prove; to evince.
Enforce	To strengthen; to grow strong.
Enforce	Force; strength; power.
Enforceable	Capable of being enforced.
Enforced	Compelled; forced; not voluntary.
Enforcement	The act of enforcing; compulsion.
Enforcement	A giving force to; a putting in execution.
Enforcement	That which enforces, constraints, gives force, authority, or effect to; constraint; force applied.
Enforcer	One who enforces.
Enforcible	That may be enforced.
Enforcive	Serving to enforce or constrain; compulsive.
Enforest	To turn into a forest.
Enform	To form; to fashion.
Enfouldred	Mixed with, or emitting, lightning.
Enframe	To inclose, as in a frame.
Enfranchised	of Enfranchise
Enfranchising	of Enfranchise
Enfranchise	To set free; to liberate from slavery, prison, or any binding power.
Enfranchise	To endow with a franchise; to incorporate into a body politic and thus to invest with civil and political privileges; to admit to the privileges of a freeman.
Enfranchise	To receive as denizens; to naturalize; as, to enfranchise foreign words.
Enfranchisement	Releasing from slavery or custody.
Enfranchisement	Admission to the freedom of a corporation or body politic; investiture with the privileges of free citizens.
Enfranchiser	One who enfranchises.
Enfree	To set free.
Enfreedom	To set free.
Enfreeze	To freeze; to congeal.
Enfroward	To make froward, perverse, or ungovernable.
Engaged	of Engage
Engaging	of Engage
Engage	To put under pledge; to pledge; to place under obligations to do or forbear doing something, as by a pledge, oath, or promise; to bind by contract or promise.
Engage	To gain for service; to bring in as associate or aid; to enlist; as, to engage friends to aid in a cause; to engage men for service.
Engage	To gain over; to win and attach; to attract and hold; to draw.
Engage	To employ the attention and efforts of; to occupy; to engross; to draw on.
Engage	To enter into contest with; to encounter; to bring to conflict.
Engage	To come into gear with; as, the teeth of one cogwheel engage those of another, or one part of a clutch engages the other part.
Engage	To promise or pledge one's self; to enter into an obligation; to become bound; to warrant.
Engage	To embark in a business; to take a part; to employ or involve one's self; to devote attention and effort; to enlist; as, to engage in controversy.
Engage	To enter into conflict; to join battle; as, the armies engaged in a general battle.
Engage	To be in gear, as two cogwheels working together.
Engaged	Occupied; employed; busy.
Engaged	Pledged; promised; especially, having the affections pledged; promised in marriage; affianced; betrothed.
Engaged	Greatly interested; of awakened zeal; earnest.
Engaged	Involved; esp., involved in a hostile encounter; as, the engaged ships continued the fight.
Engagedly	With attachment; with interest; earnestly.
Engagedness	The state of being deeply interested; earnestness; zeal.
Engagement	The act of engaging, pledging, enlisting, occupying, or entering into contest.
Engagement	The state of being engaged, pledged or occupied; specif., a pledge to take some one as husband or wife.
Engagement	That which engages; engrossing occupation; employment of the attention; obligation by pledge, promise, or contract; an enterprise embarked in; as, his engagements prevented his acceptance of any office.
Engagement	An action; a fight; a battle.
Engagement	The state of being in gear; as, one part of a clutch is brought into engagement with the other part.
Engager	One who enters into an engagement or agreement; a surety.
Engaging	Tending to draw the attention or affections; attractive; as, engaging manners or address.
Engallant	To make a gallant of.
Engaol	To put in jail; to imprison.
Engarboil	To throw into disorder; to disturb.
Engarland	To encircle with a garland, or with garlands.
Engarrison	To garrison; to put in garrison, or to protect by a garrison.
Engastrimuth	An ventriloquist.
Engendered	of Engender
Engendering	of Engender
Engender	To produce by the union of the sexes; to beget.
Engender	To cause to exist; to bring forth; to produce; to sow the seeds of; as, angry words engender strife.
Engender	To assume form; to come into existence; to be caused or produced.
Engender	To come together; to meet, as in sexual embrace.
Engender	One who, or that which, engenders.
Engendrure	The act of generation.
Engild	To gild; to make splendent.
Engine	(Pronounced, in this sense, ////.) Natural capacity; ability; skill.
Engine	Anything used to effect a purpose; any device or contrivance; an agent.
Engine	Any instrument by which any effect is produced; especially, an instrument or machine of war or torture.
Engine	A compound machine by which any physical power is applied to produce a given physical effect.
Engine	To assault with an engine.
Engine	To equip with an engine; -- said especially of steam vessels; as, vessels are often built by one firm and engined by another.
Engine	(Pronounced, in this sense, /////.) To rack; to torture.
Engineer	A person skilled in the principles and practice of any branch of engineering. See under Engineering, n.
Engineer	One who manages as engine, particularly a steam engine; an engine driver.
Engineer	One who carries through an enterprise by skillful or artful contrivance; an efficient manager.
Engineered	of Engineer
Engineering	of Engineer
Engineer	To lay out or construct, as an engineer; to perform the work of an engineer on; as, to engineer a road.
Engineer	To use contrivance and effort for; to guide the course of; to manage; as, to engineer a bill through Congress.
Engineering	Originally, the art of managing engines; in its modern and extended sense, the art and science by which the mechanical properties of matter are made useful to man in structures and machines; the occupation and work of an engineer.
Enginemen	of Engineman
Engineman	A man who manages, or waits on, an engine.
Enginer	A contriver; an inventor; a contriver of engines.
Enginery	The act or art of managing engines, or artillery.
Enginery	Engines, in general; instruments of war.
Enginery	Any device or contrivance; machinery; structure or arrangement.
Engine-sized	Sized by a machine, and not while in the pulp; -- said of paper.
Enginous	Pertaining to an engine.
Enginous	Contrived with care; ingenious.
Engirded	of Engird
Engirt	of Engird
Engirding	of Engird
Engird	To gird; to encompass.
Engirdle	To surround as with a girdle; to girdle.
Engirt	To engird.
Engiscope	A kind of reflecting microscope.
Englaimed	Clammy.
Engle	A favorite; a paramour; an ingle.
Engle	To cajole or coax, as favorite.
English	Of or pertaining to England, or to its inhabitants, or to the present so-called Anglo-Saxon race.
English	See 1st Bond, n., 8.
English	Collectively, the people of England; English people or persons.
English	The language of England or of the English nation, and of their descendants in America, India, and other countries.
English	A kind of printing type, in size between Pica and Great Primer. See Type.
English	A twist or spinning motion given to a ball in striking it that influences the direction it will take after touching a cushion or another ball.
Englished	of English
Englishing	of English
English	To translate into the English language; to Anglicize; hence, to interpret; to explain.
English	To strike (the cue ball) in such a manner as to give it in addition to its forward motion a spinning motion, that influences its direction after impact on another ball or the cushion.
Englishable	Capable of being translated into, or expressed in, English.
Englishism	A quality or characteristic peculiar to the English.
Englishism	A form of expression peculiar to the English language as spoken in England; an Anglicism.
Englishmen	of Englishman
Englishman	A native or a naturalized inhabitant of England.
Englishry	The state or privilege of being an Englishman.
Englishry	A body of English or people of English descent; -- commonly applied to English people in Ireland.
Englishwomen	of Englishwoman
Englishwoman	Fem. of Englishman.
Engloom	To make gloomy.
Englue	To join or close fast together, as with glue; as, a coffer well englued.
Englutted	of Englut
Englutting	of Englut
Englut	To swallow or gulp down.
Englut	To glut.
Engore	To gore; to pierce; to lacerate.
Engore	To make bloody.
Engorged	of Engorge
Engorging	of Engorge
Engorge	To gorge; to glut.
Engorge	To swallow with greediness or in large quantities; to devour.
Engorge	To feed with eagerness or voracity; to stuff one's self with food.
Engorged	Swallowed with greediness, or in large draughts.
Engorged	Filled to excess with blood or other liquid; congested.
Engorgement	The act of swallowing greedily; a devouring with voracity; a glutting.
Engorgement	An overfullness or obstruction of the vessels in some part of the system; congestion.
Engorgement	The clogging of a blast furnace.
Engouled	Partly swallowed; disappearing in the jaws of anything; as, an infant engouled by a serpent; said also of an ordinary, when its two ends to issue from the mouths of lions, or the like; as, a bend engouled.
Engoulee	Same as Engouled.
Engraff	To graft; to fix deeply.
Engraffment	See Ingraftment.
Engraft	See Ingraft.
Engraftation	Alt. of Engraftment
Engraftment	The act of ingrafting; ingraftment.
Engrailed	of Engrail
Engrailing	of Engrail
Engrail	To variegate or spot, as with hail.
Engrail	To indent with small curves. See Engrailed.
Engrail	To form an edging or border; to run in curved or indented lines.
Engrailed	Indented with small concave curves, as the edge of a bordure, bend, or the like.
Engrailment	The ring of dots round the edge of a medal, etc.
Engrailment	Indentation in curved lines, as of a line of division or the edge of an ordinary.
Engrained	of Engrain
Engraining	of Engrain
Engrain	To dye in grain, or of a fast color. See Ingrain.
Engrain	To incorporate with the grain or texture of anything; to infuse deeply. See Ingrain.
Engrain	To color in imitation of the grain of wood; to grain. See Grain, v. t., 1.
Engrapple	To grapple.
Engrasped	of Engrasp
Engrasping	of Engrasp
Engrasp	To grasp; to grip.
Engrave	To deposit in the grave; to bury.
Engraved	of Engrave
Engraved	of Engrave
Engraven	of Engrave
Engraving	of Engrave
Engrave	To cut in; to make by incision.
Engrave	To cut with a graving instrument in order to form an inscription or pictorial representation; to carve figures; to mark with incisions.
Engrave	To form or represent by means of incisions upon wood, stone, metal, or the like; as, to engrave an inscription.
Engrave	To impress deeply; to infix, as if with a graver.
Engraved	Made by engraving or ornamented with engraving.
Engraved	Having the surface covered with irregular, impressed lines.
Engravement	Engraving.
Engravement	Engraved work.
Engraver	One who engraves; a person whose business it is to produce engraved work, especially on metal or wood.
Engravery	The trade or work of an engraver.
Engraving	The act or art of producing upon hard material incised or raised patterns, characters, lines, and the like; especially, the art of producing such lines, etc., in the surface of metal plates or blocks of wood. Engraving is used for the decoration of the surface itself; also, for producing an original, from which a pattern or design may be printed on paper.
Engraving	That which is engraved; an engraved plate.
Engraving	An impression from an engraved plate, block of wood, or other material; a print.
Engregge	To aggravate; to make worse; to lie heavy on.
Engrieve	To grieve.
Engrossed	of Engross
Engrossing	of Engross
Engross	To make gross, thick, or large; to thicken; to increase in bulk or quantity.
Engross	To amass.
Engross	To copy or write in a large hand (en gross, i. e., in large); to write a fair copy of in distinct and legible characters; as, to engross a deed or like instrument on parchment.
Engross	To seize in the gross; to take the whole of; to occupy wholly; to absorb; as, the subject engrossed all his thoughts.
Engross	To purchase either the whole or large quantities of, for the purpose of enhancing the price and making a profit; hence, to take or assume in undue quantity, proportion, or degree; as, to engross commodities in market; to engross power.
Engrosser	One who copies a writing in large, fair characters.
Engrosser	One who takes the whole; a person who purchases such quantities of articles in a market as to raise the price; a forestaller.
Engrossment	The act of engrossing; as, the engrossment of a deed.
Engrossment	That which has been engrossed, as an instrument, legislative bill, goods, etc.
Enguard	To surround as with a guard.
Engulfed	of Engulf
Engulfing	of Engulf
Engulf	To absorb or swallow up as in a gulf.
Engulfment	A swallowing up as if in a gulf.
Engyn	Variant of Engine.
Enhalo	To surround with a halo.
Enhanced	of Enhance
Enhancing	of Enhance
Enhance	To raise or lift up; to exalt.
Enhance	To advance; to augment; to increase; to heighten; to make more costly or attractive; as, to enhance the price of commodities; to enhance beauty or kindness; hence, also, to render more heinous; to aggravate; as, to enhance crime.
Enhance	To be raised up; to grow larger; as, a debt enhances rapidly by compound interest.
Enhancement	The act of increasing, or state of being increased; augmentation; aggravation; as, the enhancement of value, price, enjoyments, crime.
Enhancer	One who enhances; one who, or that which, raises the amount, price, etc.
Enharbor	To find harbor or safety in; to dwell in or inhabit.
Enharden	To harden; to embolden.
Enharmonic	Alt. of Enharmonical
Enharmonical	Of or pertaining to that one of the three kinds of musical scale (diatonic, chromatic, enharmonic) recognized by the ancient Greeks, which consisted of quarter tones and major thirds, and was regarded as the most accurate.
Enharmonical	Pertaining to a change of notes to the eye, while, as the same keys are used, the instrument can mark no difference to the ear, as the substitution of A/ for G/.
Enharmonical	Pertaining to a scale of perfect intonation which recognizes all the notes and intervals that result from the exact tuning of diatonic scales and their transposition into other keys.
Enharmonically	In the enharmonic style or system; in just intonation.
Enhearten	To give heart to; to fill with courage; to embolden.
Enhedge	To surround as with a hedge.
Enhort	To encourage.
Enhunger	To make hungry.
Enhydros	A variety of chalcedony containing water.
Enhydrous	Having water within; containing fluid drops; -- said of certain crystals.
Enigmas	of Enigma
Enigma	A dark, obscure, or inexplicable saying; a riddle; a statement, the hidden meaning of which is to be discovered or guessed.
Enigma	An action, mode of action, or thing, which cannot be satisfactorily explained; a puzzle; as, his conduct is an enigma.
Enigmatic	Alt. of Enigmatical
Enigmatical	Relating to or resembling an enigma; not easily explained or accounted for; darkly expressed; obscure; puzzling; as, an enigmatical answer.
Enigmatically	Darkly; obscurely.
Enigmatist	One who makes, or talks in, enigmas.
Enigmatized	of Enigmatize
Enigmatizing	of Enigmatize
Enigmatize	To make, or talk in, enigmas; to deal in riddles.
Enigmatography	Alt. of Enigmatology
Enigmatology	The art of making or of solving enigmas.
Enisled	Placed alone or apart, as if on an island; severed, as an island.
Enjailed	of Enjall
Enjailing	of Enjall
Enjall	To put into jail; to imprison.
Enjoined	of Enjoin
Enjoining	of Enjoin
Enjoin	To lay upon, as an order or command; to give an injunction to; to direct with authority; to order; to charge.
Enjoin	To prohibit or restrain by a judicial order or decree; to put an injunction on.
Enjoin	To join or unite.
Enjoiner	One who enjoins.
Enjoinment	Direction; command; authoritative admonition.
Enjoyed	of Enjoy
Enjoying	of Enjoy
Enjoy	To take pleasure or satisfaction in the possession or experience of; to feel or perceive with pleasure; to be delighted with; as, to enjoy the dainties of a feast; to enjoy conversation.
Enjoy	To have, possess, and use with satisfaction; to occupy or have the benefit of, as a good or profitable thing, or as something desirable; as, to enjoy a free constitution and religious liberty.
Enjoy	To have sexual intercourse with.
Enjoy	To take satisfaction; to live in happiness.
Enjoyable	Capable of being enjoyed or of giving joy; yielding enjoyment.
Enjoyer	One who enjoys.
Enjoyment	The condition of enjoying anything; pleasure or satisfaction, as in the possession or occupancy of anything; possession and use; as, the enjoyment of an estate.
Enjoyment	That which gives pleasure or keen satisfaction.
Enkennel	To put into a kennel.
Enkerchiefed	Bound with a kerchief; draped; hooded; covered.
Enkindled	of Enkindle
Enkindling	of Enkindle
Enkindle	To set on fire; to inflame; to kindle.
Enkindle	To excite; to rouse into action; to incite.
Enlace	To bind or encircle with lace, or as with lace; to lace; to encircle; to enfold; hence, to entangle.
Enlacement	The act of enlacing, or state of being enlaced; a surrounding as with a lace.
Enlard	To cover or dress with lard or grease; to fatten.
Enlarged	of Enlarge
Enlarging	of Enlarge
Enlarge	To make larger; to increase in quantity or dimensions; to extend in limits; to magnify; as, the body is enlarged by nutrition; to enlarge one's house.
Enlarge	To increase the capacity of; to expand; to give free scope or greater scope to; also, to dilate, as with joy, affection, and the like; as, knowledge enlarges the mind.
Enlarge	To set at large or set free.
Enlarge	To grow large or larger; to be further extended; to expand; as, a plant enlarges by growth; an estate enlarges by good management; a volume of air enlarges by rarefaction.
Enlarge	To speak or write at length; to be diffuse in speaking or writing; to expatiate; to dilate.
Enlarge	To get more astern or parallel with the vessel's course; to draw aft; -- said of the wind.
Enlarged	Made large or larger; extended; swollen.
Enlargement	The act of increasing in size or bulk, real or apparent; the state of being increased; augmentation; further extension; expansion.
Enlargement	Expansion or extension, as of the powers of the mind; ennoblement, as of the feelings and character; as, an enlargement of views, of knowledge, of affection.
Enlargement	A setting at large, or being set at large; release from confinement, servitude, or distress; liberty.
Enlargement	Diffusiveness of speech or writing; expatiation; a wide range of discourse or argument.
Enlarger	One that enlarges.
Enlay	See Inlay.
Enlengthen	To lengthen.
Enleven	Eleven.
Enlight	To illumine; to enlighten.
Enlighten	To supply with light; to illuminate; as, the sun enlightens the earth.
Enlighten	To make clear to the intellect or conscience; to shed the light of truth and knowledge upon; to furnish with increase of knowledge; to instruct; as, to enlighten the mind or understanding.
Enlightener	One who enlightens or illuminates; one who, or that which, communicates light to the eye, or clear views to the mind.
Enlightenment	Act of enlightening, or the state of being enlightened or instructed.
Enlimn	To adorn by illuminating or ornamenting with colored and decorated letters and figures, as a book or manuscript.
Enlink	To chain together; to connect, as by links.
Enlisted	of Enlist
Enlisting	of Enlist
Enlist	To enter on a list; to enroll; to register.
Enlist	To engage for military or naval service, the name being entered on a list or register; as, to enlist men.
Enlist	To secure the support and aid of; to employ in advancing interest; as, to enlist persons in the cause of truth, or in a charitable enterprise.
Enlist	To enroll and bind one's self for military or naval service; as, he enlisted in the regular army; the men enlisted for the war.
Enlist	To enter heartily into a cause, as if enrolled.
Enlistment	The act or enlisting, or the state of being enlisted; voluntary enrollment to serve as a soldier or a sailor.
Enlistment	The writing by which an enlisted man is bound.
Enlive	To enliven.
Enlivened	of Enliven
Enlivening	of Enliven
Enliven	To give life, action, or motion to; to make vigorous or active; to excite; to quicken; as, fresh fuel enlivens a fire.
Enliven	To give spirit or vivacity to; to make sprightly, gay, or cheerful; to animate; as, mirth and good humor enliven a company; enlivening strains of music.
Enlivener	One who, or that which, enlivens, animates, or invigorates.
Enlock	To lock; to inclose.
Enlumine	To illumine.
Enlute	To coat with clay; to lute.
Enmanche	Resembling, or covered with, a sleeve; -- said of the chief when lines are drawn from the middle point of the upper edge upper edge to the sides.
Enmarble	To make hard as marble; to harden.
Enmesh	To catch or entangle in, or as in, meshes.
Enmew	See Emmew.
Enmist	To infold, as in a mist.
Enmities	of Enmity
Enmity	The quality of being an enemy; hostile or unfriendly disposition.
Enmity	A state of opposition; hostility.
Enmossed	Covered with moss; mossed.
Enmove	See Emmove.
Enmuffle	To muffle up.
Enmure	To immure.
Ennation	The ninth segment in insects.
Ennead	The number nine or a group of nine.
Enneagon	A polygon or plane figure with nine sides and nine angles; a nonagon.
Enneagonal	Belonging to an enneagon; having nine angles.
Enneagynous	Having or producing nine pistils or styles; -- said of a flower or plant.
Enheahedral	Having nine sides.
Enheahedria	Alt. of Enheahedron
Enheahedron	A figure having nine sides; a nonagon.
Enneandria	A Linnaean class of plants having nine stamens.
Enneandrian	Alt. of Enneandrous
Enneandrous	Having nine stamens.
Enneapetalous	Having nine petals, or flower leaves.
Enneaspermous	Having nine seeds; -- said of fruits.
Enneatic	Alt. of Enneatical
Enneatical	Occurring once in every nine times, days, years, etc.; every ninth.
Ennew	To make new.
Enniche	To place in a niche.
Ennobled	of Ennoble
Ennobling	of Ennoble
Ennoble	To make noble; to elevate in degree, qualities, or excellence; to dignify.
Ennoble	To raise to the rank of nobility; as, to ennoble a commoner.
Ennoblement	The act of making noble, or of exalting, dignifying, or advancing to nobility.
Ennoblement	That which ennobles; excellence; dignity.
Ennobler	One who ennobles.
Ennui	A feeling of weariness and disgust; dullness and languor of spirits, arising from satiety or want of interest; tedium.
Ennuye	Affected with ennui; weary in spirits; emotionally exhausted.
Ennuye	One who is affected with ennui.
Ennuyee	A woman affected with ennui.
Enodal	Without a node.
Enodation	The act or operation of clearing of knots, or of untying; hence, also, the solution of a difficulty.
Enode	To clear of knots; to make clear.
Enoint	Anointed.
Enomotarch	The commander of an enomoty.
Enomoty	A band of sworn soldiers; a division of the Spartan army ranging from twenty-five to thirty-six men, bound together by oath.
Enopla	One of the orders of Nemertina, characterized by the presence of a peculiar armature of spines or plates in the proboscis.
Enoptomancy	Divination by the use of a mirror.
Enorm	Enormous.
Enormities	of Enormity
Enormity	The state or quality of exceeding a measure or rule, or of being immoderate, monstrous, or outrageous.
Enormity	That which is enormous; especially, an exceeding offense against order, right, or decency; an atrocious crime; flagitious villainy; an atrocity.
Enormous	Exceeding the usual rule, norm, or measure; out of due proportion; inordinate; abnormal.
Enormous	Exceedingly wicked; outrageous; atrocious; monstrous; as, an enormous crime.
Enormously	In an enormous degree.
Enormousness	The state of being enormous.
Enorthotrope	An optical toy; a card on which confused or imperfect figures are drawn, but which form to the eye regular figures when the card is rapidly revolved. See Thaumatrope.
Enough	Satisfying desire; giving content; adequate to meet the want; sufficient; -- usually, and more elegantly, following the noun to which it belongs.
Enough	In a degree or quantity that satisfies; to satisfaction; sufficiently.
Enough	Fully; quite; -- used to express slight augmentation of the positive degree, and sometimes equivalent to very; as, he is ready enough to embrace the offer.
Enough	In a tolerable degree; -- used to express mere acceptableness or acquiescence, and implying a degree or quantity rather less than is desired; as, the song was well enough.
Enough	A sufficiency; a quantity which satisfies desire, is adequate to the want, or is equal to the power or ability; as, he had enough to do take care of himself.
Enough	An exclamation denoting sufficiency, being a shortened form of it is enough.
Enounced	of Enounce
Enouncing	of Enounce
Enounce	To announce; to declare; to state, as a proposition or argument.
Enounce	To utter; to articulate.
Enouncement	Act of enouncing; that which is enounced.
Enow	A form of Enough.
Enpatron	To act the part of a patron towards; to patronize.
Enpierce	To pierce.
Enquere	To inquire.
Enquicken	To quicken; to make alive.
Enquire	See Inquire.
Enquirer	See Inquirer.
Enquiry	See Inquiry.
Enrace	To enroot; to implant.
Enraged	of Enrage
Enraging	of Enrage
Enrage	To fill with rage; to provoke to frenzy or madness; to make furious.
Enragement	Act of enraging or state of being enraged; excitement.
Enrange	To range in order; to put in rank; to arrange.
Enrange	To rove over; to range.
Enrank	To place in ranks or in order.
Enrapt	Thrown into ecstasy; transported; enraptured.
Enraptured	of Enrapture
Enrapturing	of Enrapture
Enrapture	To transport with pleasure; to delight beyond measure; to enravish.
Enravish	To transport with delight; to enrapture; to fascinate.
Enravishingly	So as to throw into ecstasy.
Enravishment	The state of being enravished or enraptured; ecstasy; rapture.
Enregister	To register; to enroll or record; to inregister.
Enrheum	To contract a rheum.
Enriched	of Enrich
Enriching	of Enrich
Enrich	To make rich with any kind of wealth; to render opulent; to increase the possessions of; as, to enrich the understanding with knowledge.
Enrich	To supply with ornament; to adorn; as, to enrich a ceiling by frescoes.
Enrich	To make rich with manure; to fertilize; -- said of the soil; as, to enrich land by irrigation.
Enrich	To supply with knowledge; to instruct; to store; -- said of the mind.
Enricher	One who enriches.
Enrichment	The act of making rich, or that which enriches; increase of value by improvements, embellishment, etc.; decoration; embellishment.
Enridge	To form into ridges.
Enring	To encircle.
Enripen	To ripen.
Enrive	To rive; to cleave.
Enrobe	To invest or adorn with a robe; to attire.
Enrockment	A mass of large stones thrown into water at random to form bases of piers, breakwaters, etc.
Enrolled	of Enroll
Enrolling	of Enroll
Enroll	To insert in a roil; to register or enter in a list or catalogue or on rolls of court; hence, to record; to insert in records; to leave in writing; as, to enroll men for service; to enroll a decree or a law; also, reflexively, to enlist.
Enroll	To envelop; to inwrap; to involve.
Enroller	One who enrolls or registers.
Enrollment	The act of enrolling; registration.
Enrollment	A writing in which anything is enrolled; a register; a record.
Enroot	To fix by the root; to fix fast; to implant deep.
Enround	To surround.
En route	On the way or road.
Ens	Entity, being, or existence; an actually existing being; also, God, as the Being of Beings.
Ens	Something supposed to condense within itself all the virtues and qualities of a substance from which it is extracted; essence.
Ensafe	To make safe.
Ensample	An example; a pattern or model for imitation.
Ensample	To exemplify, to show by example.
Ensanguine	To stain or cover with blood; to make bloody, or of a blood-red color; as, an ensanguined hue.
Ensate	Having sword-shaped leaves, or appendages; ensiform.
Enscale	To cover with scales.
Enshedule	To insert in a schedule. See Schedule.
Ensconced	of Ensconce
Ensconcing	of Ensconce
Ensconce	To cover or shelter, as with a sconce or fort; to place or hide securely; to conceal.
Enseal	To impress with a seal; to mark as with a seal; hence, to ratify.
Enseam	To sew up; to inclose by a seam; hence, to include; to contain.
Enseam	To cover with grease; to defile; to pollute.
Ensear	To sear; to dry up.
Ensearch	To make search; to try to find something.
Ensearch	To search for.
Enseel	To close eyes of; to seel; -- said in reference to a hawk.
Enseint	With child; pregnant. See Enceinte.
Ensemble	The whole; all the parts taken together.
Ensemble	All at once; together.
Enshelter	To shelter.
Enshield	To defend, as with a shield; to shield.
Enshield	Shielded; enshielded.
Enshrined	of Enshrine
Enshrining	of Enshrine
Enshrine	To inclose in a shrine or chest; hence, to preserve or cherish as something sacred; as, to enshrine something in memory.
Enshroud	To cover with, or as with, a shroud; to shroud.
Ensiferous	Bearing a sword.
Ensiform	Having the form of a sword blade; sword-shaped; as, an ensiform leaf.
Ensign	A flag; a banner; a standard; esp., the national flag, or a banner indicating nationality, carried by a ship or a body of soldiers; -- as distinguished from flags indicating divisions of the army, rank of naval officers, or private signals, and the like.
Ensign	A signal displayed like a standard, to give notice.
Ensign	Sign; badge of office, rank, or power; symbol.
Ensign	Formerly, a commissioned officer of the army who carried the ensign or flag of a company or regiment.
Ensign	A commissioned officer of the lowest grade in the navy, corresponding to the grade of second lieutenant in the army.
Ensign	To designate as by an ensign.
Ensign	To distinguish by a mark or ornament; esp. (Her.), by a crown; thus, any charge which has a crown immediately above or upon it, is said to be ensigned.
Ensigncies	of Ensigncy
Ensigncy	The rank or office of an ensign.
Ensignship	The state or rank of an ensign.
Ensilage	The process of preserving fodder (such as cornstalks, rye, oats, millet, etc.) by compressing it while green and fresh in a pit or vat called a silo, where it is kept covered from the air; as the ensilage of fodder.
Ensilage	The fodder preserved in a silo.
Ensilaged	of Ensilage
Ensilaging	of Ensilage
Ensilage	To preserve in a silo; as, to ensilage cornstalks.
Ensky	To place in the sky or in heaven.
Enslaved	of Enslave
Enslaving	of Enslave
Enslave	To reduce to slavery; to make a slave of; to subject to a dominant influence.
Enslavedness	State of being enslaved.
Enslavement	The act of reducing to slavery; state of being enslaved; bondage; servitude.
Enslaver	One who enslaves.
Ensnare	To catch in a snare. See Insnare.
Ensnarl	To entangle.
Ensober	To make sober.
Ensoul	To indue or imbue (a body) with soul.
Ensphere	To place in a sphere; to envelop.
Ensphere	To form into a sphere.
Enstamp	To stamp; to mark as /ith a stamp; to impress deeply.
Enstate	See Instate.
Enstatite	A mineral of the pyroxene group, orthorhombic in crystallization; often fibrous and massive; color grayish white or greenish. It is a silicate of magnesia with some iron. Bronzite is a ferriferous variety.
Enstatitic	Relating to enstatite.
Enstore	To restore.
Enstyle	To style; to name.
Ensuable	Ensuing; following.
Ensued	of Ensue
Ensuing	of Ensue
Ensue	To follow; to pursue; to follow and overtake.
Ensue	To follow or come afterward; to follow as a consequence or in chronological succession; to result; as, an ensuing conclusion or effect; the year ensuing was a cold one.
Ensure	To make sure. See Insure.
Ensure	To betroth.
Ensurer	See Insurer.
Enswathe	To swathe; to envelop, as in swaddling clothes.
Enswathement	The act of enswathing, or the state of being enswathed.
Ensweep	To sweep over or across; to pass over rapidly.
Ent-	A prefix signifying within. See Ento-.
-ent	An adjective suffix signifying action or being; as, corrodent, excellent, emergent, continent, quiescent. See -ant.
Entablature	The superstructure which lies horizontally upon the columns. See Illust. of Column, Cornice.
Entablement	See Entablature.
Entackle	To supply with tackle.
Entad	Toward the inside or central part; away from the surface; -- opposed to ectad.
Entail	That which is entailed.
Entail	An estate in fee entailed, or limited in descent to a particular class of issue.
Entail	The rule by which the descent is fixed.
Entail	Delicately carved ornamental work; intaglio.
Entailed	of Entail
Entailing	of Entail
Entail	To settle or fix inalienably on a person or thing, or on a person and his descendants or a certain line of descendants; -- said especially of an estate; to bestow as an heritage.
Entail	To appoint hereditary possessor.
Entail	To cut or carve in a ornamental way.
Entailment	The act of entailing or of giving, as an estate, and directing the mode of descent.
Entailment	The condition of being entailed.
Entailment	A thing entailed.
Ental	Pertaining to, or situated near, central or deep parts; inner; -- opposed to ectal.
Entame	To tame.
Entangled	of Entangle
Entangling	of Entangle
Entangle	To twist or interweave in such a manner as not to be easily separated; to make tangled, confused, and intricate; as, to entangle yarn or the hair.
Entangle	To involve in such complications as to render extrication a bewildering difficulty; hence, metaphorically, to insnare; to perplex; to bewilder; to puzzle; as, to entangle the feet in a net, or in briers.
Entanglement	State of being entangled; intricate and confused involution; that which entangles; intricacy; perplexity.
Entangler	One that entangles.
Entasia	Tonic spasm; -- applied generically to denote any disease characterized by tonic spasms, as tetanus, trismus, etc.
Entasis	A slight convex swelling of the shaft of a column.
Entasis	Same as Entasia.
Entassment	A heap; accumulation.
Entastic	Relating to any disease characterized by tonic spasms.
Entelechy	An actuality; a conception completely actualized, in distinction from mere potential existence.
Entellus	An East Indian long-tailed bearded monkey (Semnopithecus entellus) regarded as sacred by the natives. It is remarkable for the caplike arrangement of the hair on the head. Called also hoonoomaun and hungoor.
Entend	To attend to; to apply one's self to.
Entender	To make tender.
Entender	To treat with tenderness.
Ententive	Attentive; zealous.
Enter-	A prefix signifying between, among, part.
Entered	of Enter
Entering	of Enter
Enter	To come or go into; to pass into the interior of; to pass within the outer cover or shell of; to penetrate; to pierce; as, to enter a house, a closet, a country, a door, etc.; the river enters the sea.
Enter	To unite in; to join; to be admitted to; to become a member of; as, to enter an association, a college, an army.
Enter	To engage in; to become occupied with; as, to enter the legal profession, the book trade, etc.
Enter	To pass within the limits of; to attain; to begin; to commence upon; as, to enter one's teens, a new era, a new dispensation.
Enter	To cause to go (into), or to be received (into); to put in; to insert; to cause to be admitted; as, to enter a knife into a piece of wood, a wedge into a log; to enter a boy at college, a horse for a race, etc.
Enter	To inscribe; to enroll; to record; as, to enter a name, or a date, in a book, or a book in a catalogue; to enter the particulars of a sale in an account, a manifest of a ship or of merchandise at the customhouse.
Enter	To go into or upon, as lands, and take actual possession of them.
Enter	To place in regular form before the court, usually in writing; to put upon record in proper from and order; as, to enter a writ, appearance, rule, or judgment.
Enter	To make report of (a vessel or her cargo) at the customhouse; to submit a statement of (imported goods), with the original invoices, to the proper officer of the customs for estimating the duties. See Entry, 4.
Enter	To file or inscribe upon the records of the land office the required particulars concerning (a quantity of public land) in order to entitle a person to a right pf preemption.
Enter	To deposit for copyright the title or description of (a book, picture, map, etc.); as, "entered according to act of Congress."
Enter	To initiate; to introduce favorably.
Enter	To go or come in; -- often with in used pleonastically; also, to begin; to take the first steps.
Enter	To get admission; to introduce one's self; to penetrate; to form or constitute a part; to become a partaker or participant; to share; to engage; -- usually with into; sometimes with on or upon; as, a ball enters into the body; water enters into a ship; he enters into the plan; to enter into a quarrel; a merchant enters into partnership with some one; to enter upon another's land; the boy enters on his tenth year; to enter upon a task; lead enters into the composition of pewter.
Enter	To penetrate mentally; to consider attentively; -- with into.
Enteradenography	A treatise upon, or description of, the intestinal glands.
Enteradenology	The science which treats of the glands of the alimentary canal.
Enteralgia	Pain in the intestines; colic.
Enterdeal	Mutual dealings; intercourse.
Enterer	One who makes an entrance or beginning.
Enteric	Of or pertaining to the enteron, or alimentary canal; intestinal.
Enteritis	An inflammation of the intestines.
Enterlace	See Interlace.
Entermete	To interfere; to intermeddle.
Entermewer	A hawk gradually changing the color of its feathers, commonly in the second year.
Entermise	Mediation.
Enterocele	A hernial tumor whose contents are intestine.
Enterocoele	A perivisceral cavity which arises as an outgrowth or outgrowths from the digestive tract; distinguished from a schizocoele, which arises by a splitting of the mesoblast of the embryo.
Enterography	A treatise upon, or description of, the intestines; enterology.
Enterolith	An intestinal concretion.
Enterology	The science which treats of the viscera of the body.
Enteron	The whole alimentary, or enteric, canal.
Enteropathy	Disease of the intestines.
Enteropneusta	A group of wormlike invertebrates having, along the sides of the body, branchial openings for the branchial sacs, which are formed by diverticula of the alimentary canal. Balanoglossus is the only known genus. See Illustration in Appendix.
Enterorrhaphy	The operation of sewing up a rent in the intestinal canal.
Enterotome	A kind of scissors used for opening the intestinal canal, as in post-mortem examinations.
Enterotomy	Incision of the intestines, especially in reducing certain cases of hernia.
Enterparlance	Mutual talk or conversation; conference.
Enterplead	Same as Interplead.
Enterprise	That which is undertaken; something attempted to be performed; a work projected which involves activity, courage, energy, and the like; a bold, arduous, or hazardous attempt; an undertaking; as, a manly enterprise; a warlike enterprise.
Enterprise	Willingness or eagerness to engage in labor which requires boldness, promptness, energy, and like qualities; as, a man of great enterprise.
Enterprise	To undertake; to begin and attempt to perform; to venture upon.
Enterprise	To treat with hospitality; to entertain.
Enterprise	To undertake an enterprise, or something hazardous or difficult.
Enterpriser	One who undertakes enterprises.
Enterprising	Having a disposition for enterprise; characterized by enterprise; resolute, active or prompt to attempt; as, an enterprising man or firm.
Entertained	of Entertain
Entertaining	of Entertain
Entertain	To be at the charges of; to take or keep in one's service; to maintain; to support; to harbor; to keep.
Entertain	To give hospitable reception and maintenance to; to receive at one's board, or into one's house; to receive as a guest.
Entertain	To engage the attention of agreeably; to amuse with that which makes the time pass pleasantly; to divert; as, to entertain friends with conversation, etc.
Entertain	To give reception to; to receive, in general; to receive and take into consideration; to admit, treat, or make use of; as, to entertain a proposal.
Entertain	To meet or encounter, as an enemy.
Entertain	To keep, hold, or maintain in the mind with favor; to keep in the mind; to harbor; to cherish; as, to entertain sentiments.
Entertain	To lead on; to bring along; to introduce.
Entertain	To receive, or provide entertainment for, guests; as, he entertains generously.
Entertain	Entertainment.
Entertainer	One who entertains.
Entertaining	Affording entertainment; pleasing; amusing; diverting.
Entertainment	The act of receiving as host, or of amusing, admitting, or cherishing; hospitable reception; also, reception or treatment, in general.
Entertainment	That which entertains, or with which one is entertained; as: (a) Hospitality; hospitable provision for the wants of a guest; especially, provision for the table; a hospitable repast; a feast; a formal or elegant meal. (b) That which engages the attention agreeably, amuses or diverts, whether in private, as by conversation, etc., or in public, by performances of some kind; amusement.
Entertainment	Admission into service; service.
Entertainment	Payment of soldiers or servants; wages.
Entertake	To entertain.
Entertissued	Same as Intertissued.
Entheal	Alt. of Enthean
Enthean	Divinely inspired; wrought up to enthusiasm.
Entheasm	Inspiration; enthusiasm.
Entheastic	Of godlike energy; inspired.
Entheat	Divinely inspired.
Enthelmintha	Alt. of Enthelminthes
Enthelminthes	Intestinal worms. See Helminthes.
Entheic	Caused by a morbifie virus implanted in the system; as, an enthetic disease like syphilis.
Enthrall	To hold in thrall; to enslave. See Inthrall.
Enthrallment	The act of enthralling, or state of being enthralled. See Inthrallment.
Enthrill	To pierce; to thrill.
Enthrone	To seat on a throne; to exalt to the seat of royalty or of high authority; hence, to invest with sovereign authority or dignity.
Enthrone	To induct, as a bishop, into the powers and privileges of a vacant see.
Enthronement	The act of enthroning, or state of being enthroned.
Enthronization	The act of enthroning; hence, the admission of a bishop to his stall or throne in his cathedral.
Enthronized	of Enthronize
Enthronizing	of Enthronize
Enthronize	To place on a throne; hence, to induct into office, as a bishop.
Enthuse	To make or become enthusiastic.
Enthusiasm	Inspiration as if by a divine or superhuman power; ecstasy; hence, a conceit of divine possession and revelation, or of being directly subject to some divine impulse.
Enthusiasm	A state of impassioned emotion; transport; elevation of fancy; exaltation of soul; as, the poetry of enthusiasm.
Enthusiasm	Enkindled and kindling fervor of soul; strong excitement of feeling on behalf of a cause or a subject; ardent and imaginative zeal or interest; as, he engaged in his profession with enthusiasm.
Enthusiasm	Lively manifestation of joy or zeal.
Enthusiast	One moved or actuated by enthusiasm; as: (a) One who imagines himself divinely inspired, or possessed of some special revelation; a religious madman; a fanatic. (b) One whose mind is wholly possessed and heated by what engages it; one who is influenced by a peculiar; fervor of mind; an ardent and imaginative person.
Enthusiastic	Alt. of Enthusiastical
Enthusiastical	Filled with enthusiasm; characterized by enthusiasm; zealous; as, an enthusiastic lover of art.
Enthusiastic	An enthusiast; a zealot.
Enthymematic	Alt. of Enthymematical
Enthymematical	Pertaining to, or of the form of, an enthymeme.
Enthymeme	An argument consisting of only two propositions, an antecedent and consequent deduced from it; a syllogism with one premise omitted; as, We are dependent; therefore we should be humble. Here the major proposition is suppressed. The complete syllogism would be, Dependent creatures should be humble; we are dependent creatures; therefore we should be humble.
Enticed	of Entice
Enticing	of Entice
Entice	To draw on, by exciting hope or desire; to allure; to attract; as, the bait enticed the fishes. Often in a bad sense: To lead astray; to induce to evil; to tempt; as, the sirens enticed them to listen.
Enticeable	Capable of being enticed.
Enticement	The act or practice of alluring or tempting; as, the enticements of evil companions.
Enticement	That which entices, or incites to evil; means of allurement; alluring object; as, an enticement to sin.
Enticer	One who entices; one who incites or allures to evil.
Enticing	That entices; alluring.
Enticingly	In an enticing manner; charmingly.
Entierty	See Entirety.
Entire	Complete in all parts; undivided; undiminished; whole; full and perfect; not deficient; as, the entire control of a business; entire confidence, ignorance.
Entire	Without mixture or alloy of anything; unqualified; morally whole; pure; faithful.
Entire	Consisting of a single piece, as a corolla.
Entire	Having an evenly continuous edge, as a leaf which has no kind of teeth.
Entire	Not gelded; -- said of a horse.
Entire	Internal; interior.
Entire	Entirely.
Entire	A name originally given to a kind of beer combining qualities of different kinds of beer.
Entirely	In an entire manner; wholly; completely; fully; as, the trace is entirely lost.
Entirely	Without alloy or mixture; truly; sincerely.
Entireness	The state or condition of being entire; completeness; fullness; totality; as, the entireness of an arch or a bridge.
Entireness	Integrity; wholeness of heart; honesty.
Entireness	Oneness; unity; -- applied to a condition of intimacy or close association.
Entireness	of Entirety
Entirety	The state of being entire; completeness; as, entirely of interest.
Entirety	That which is entire; the whole.
Entitative	Considered as pure entity; abstracted from all circumstances.
Entitled	of Entitle
Entitling	of Entitle
Entitle	To give a title to; to affix to as a name or appellation; hence, also, to dignify by an honorary designation; to denominate; to call; as, to entitle a book "Commentaries;"  to entitle a man "Honorable."
Entitle	To give a claim to; to qualify for, with a direct object of the person, and a remote object of the thing; to furnish with grounds for seeking or claiming with success; as, an officer's talents entitle him to command.
Entitle	To attribute; to ascribe.
Entitule	To entitle.
Entities	of Entity
Entity	A real being, whether in thought (as an ideal conception) or in fact; being; essence; existence.
Ento-	A combining form signifying within; as, entoblast.
Entoblast	The inner germ layer; endoderm. See Nucleolus.
Entobronchia	of Entobronchium
Entobronchium	One of the main bronchi in the lungs of birds.
Entocuneiform	Alt. of Entocuniform
Entocuniform	One of the bones of the tarsus. See Cuneiform.
Entoderm	See Endoderm, and Illust. of Blastoderm.
Entodermal	Alt. of Entodermic
Entodermic	Relating to the entoderm.
Entogastric	Pertaining to the interior of the stomach; -- applied to a mode of budding from the interior of the gastric cavity, in certain hydroids.
Entogenous	See Endogenous.
Entoglossal	Within the tongue; -- applied to the glossohyal bone.
Entoiled	of Entoil
Entoiling	of Entoil
Entoil	To take with toils or bring into toils; to insnare.
Entombed	of Entomb
Entombing	of Entomb
Entomb	To deposit in a tomb, as a dead body; to bury; to inter; to inhume.
Entombment	The act of entombing or burying, or state of being entombed; burial.
Entomere	The more granular cells, which finally become internal, in many segmenting ova, as those of mammals.
Entomic	Alt. of Entomical
Entomical	Relating to insects; entomological.
Entomoid	Resembling an insect.
Entomoid	An object resembling an insect.
Entomolin	See Chitin.
Entomolite	A fossil insect.
Entomologic	Alt. of Entomological
Entomological	Of or relating to entomology.
Entomologist	One versed in entomology.
Entomologize	To collect specimens in the study of entomology.
Entomologies	of Entomology
Entomology	That part of zoology which treats of insects.
Entomology	A treatise on the science of entomology.
Entomophaga	One of a group of hymenopterous insects whose larvae feed parasitically upon living insects. See Ichneumon, 2.
Entomophaga	A group of marsupials which are partly insectivorous, as the opossum.
Entomophaga	A group of edentates, including the ant-eaters.
Entomophagan	Relating to the Entomophaga.
Entomophagan	One of the Entomophaga.
Entomophagous	Feeding on insects; insectivorous.
Entomophilous	Fertilized by the agency of insects; -- said of plants in which the pollen is carried to the stigma by insects.
Entomostraca	One of the subclasses of Crustacea, including a large number of species, many of them minute. The group embraces several orders; as the Phyllopoda, Ostracoda, Copepoda, and Pectostraca. See Copepoda, Phyllopoda, and Cladocera.
Entomostracan	Relating to the Entomostraca.
Entomostracan	One of the Entomostraca.
Entomostracous	Belonging to the Entomostracans.
Entomotomist	One who practices entomotomy.
Entomotomy	The science of the dissection of insects.
Entonic	Having great tension, or exaggerated action.
Entoperipheral	Being, or having its origin, within the external surface of the body; -- especially applied to feelings, such as hunger, produced by internal disturbances. Opposed to epiperipheral.
Entophyte	A vegetable parasite subsisting in the interior of the body.
Entophytic	Of or pertaining to entophytes; as, an entophytic disease.
Entoplasm	The inner granular layer of protoplasm in a developing ovum.
Entoplasm	Endosarc.
Entoplastic	Pertaining to, or composed of, entoplasm; as, the entoplastic products of some Protozoa, or the entoplastic modification of the cell protoplasm, by which a nucleus is produced.
Entoplastra	of Entoplastron
Entoplastron	The median plate of the plastron of turtles; -- called also entosternum.
Entoprocta	A group of Bryozoa in which the anus is within the circle of tentacles. See Pedicellina.
Entoptic	Relating to objects situated within the eye; esp., relating to the perception of objects in one's own eye.
Entorganism	An internal parasitic organism.
Entortilation	A turning into a circle; round figures.
Entosterna	of Entosternum
Entosternum	See Entoplastron.
Entosthoblast	The granule within the nucleolus or entoblast of a nucleated cell.
Entothorax	See Endothorax.
Entotic	Pertaining to the interior of the ear.
Entozoa	A group of worms, including the tapeworms, flukes, roundworms, etc., most of which live parasitically in the interior of other animals; the Helminthes.
Entozoa	An artificial group, including all kinds of animals living parasitically in others.
Entozoal	Alt. of Entozoic
Entozoic	Pertaining to, or consisting of, the Entozoa.
Entozoologist	One versed in the science of the Entozoa.
Entozoa	of Entozoon
Entozoon	One of the Entozoa.
Entr'acte	The interval of time which occurs between the performance of any two acts of a drama.
Entr'acte	A dance, piece of music, or interlude, performed between two acts of a drama.
Entrail	To interweave; to intertwine.
Entrail	Entanglement; fold.
Entrails	The internal parts of animal bodies; the bowels; the guts; viscera; intestines.
Entrails	The internal parts; as, the entrails of the earth.
Entrain	To draw along as a current does; as, water entrained by steam.
Entrain	To put aboard a railway train; as, to entrain a regiment.
Entrain	To go aboard a railway train; as, the troops entrained at the station.
Entrammel	To trammel; to entangle.
Entrance	The act of entering or going into; ingress; as, the entrance of a person into a house or an apartment; hence, the act of taking possession, as of property, or of office; as, the entrance of an heir upon his inheritance, or of a magistrate into office.
Entrance	Liberty, power, or permission to enter; as, to give entrance to friends.
Entrance	The passage, door, or gate, for entering.
Entrance	The entering upon; the beginning, or that with which the beginning is made; the commencement; initiation; as, a difficult entrance into business.
Entrance	The causing to be entered upon a register, as a ship or goods, at a customhouse; an entering; as, his entrance of the arrival was made the same day.
Entrance	The angle which the bow of a vessel makes with the water at the water line.
Entrance	The bow, or entire wedgelike forepart of a vessel, below the water line.
Entranced	of Entrance
Entrancing	of Entrance
Entrance	To put into a trance; to make insensible to present objects.
Entrance	To put into an ecstasy; to ravish with delight or wonder; to enrapture; to charm.
Entrancement	The act of entrancing, or the state of trance or ecstasy.
Entrant	One who enters; a beginner.
Entrant	An applicant for admission.
Entrapped	of Entrap
Entrapping	of Entrap
Entrap	To catch in a trap; to insnare; hence, to catch, as in a trap, by artifices; to involve in difficulties or distresses; to catch or involve in contradictions; as, to be entrapped by the devices of evil men.
Entreated	of Entreat
Entreating	of Entreat
Entreat	To treat, or conduct toward; to deal with; to use.
Entreat	To treat with, or in respect to, a thing desired; hence, to ask earnestly; to beseech; to petition or pray with urgency; to supplicate; to importune.
Entreat	To beseech or supplicate successfully; to prevail upon by prayer or solicitation; to persuade.
Entreat	To invite; to entertain.
Entreat	To treat or discourse; hence, to enter into negotiations, as for a treaty.
Entreat	To make an earnest petition or request.
Entreat	Entreaty.
Entreatable	That may be entreated.
Entreatance	Entreaty.
Entreater	One who entreats; one who asks earnestly; a beseecher.
Entreatful	Full of entreaty. [R.] See Intreatful.
Entreatingly	In an entreating manner.
Entreative	Used in entreaty; pleading.
Entreatment	Entreaty; invitation.
Entreaties	of Entreaty
Entreaty	Treatment; reception; entertainment.
Entreaty	The act of entreating or beseeching; urgent prayer; earnest petition; pressing solicitation.
Entree	A coming in, or entrance; hence, freedom of access; permission or right to enter; as, to have the entree of a house.
Entree	In French usage, a dish served at the beginning of dinner to give zest to the appetite; in English usage, a side dish, served with a joint, or between the courses, as a cutlet, scalloped oysters, etc.
Entremets	A side dish; a dainty or relishing dish usually eaten after the joints or principal dish; also, a sweetmeat, served with a dinner.
Entremets	Any small entertainment between two greater ones.
Entrench	See Intrench.
Entrepot	A warehouse; a magazine for depositing goods, stores, etc.; a mart or place where merchandise is deposited; as, an entrepot for shipping goods in transit.
Entrepreneur	One who creates a product on his own account; whoever undertakes on his own account an industrial enterprise in which workmen are employed.
Entresol	A low story between two higher ones, usually between the ground floor and the first story; mezzanine.
Entrick	To trick, to perplex.
Entrochal	Pertaining to, or consisting of, entrochites, or the joints of encrinites; -- used of a kind of stone or marble.
Entrochite	A fossil joint of a crinoid stem.
Entropion	Same as Entropium.
Entropium	The inversion or turning in of the border of the eyelids.
Entropy	A certain property of a body, expressed as a measurable quantity, such that when there is no communication of heat the quantity remains constant, but when heat enters or leaves the body the quantity increases or diminishes. If a small amount, h, of heat enters the body when its temperature is t in the thermodynamic scale the entropy of the body is increased by h / t. The entropy is regarded as measured from some standard temperature and pressure. Sometimes called the thermodynamic function.
Entrust	See Intrust.
Entries	of Entry
Entry	The act of entering or passing into or upon; entrance; ingress; hence, beginnings or first attempts; as, the entry of a person into a house or city; the entry of a river into the sea; the entry of air into the blood; an entry upon an undertaking.
Entry	The act of making or entering a record; a setting down in writing the particulars, as of a transaction; as, an entry of a sale; also, that which is entered; an item.
Entry	That by which entrance is made; a passage leading into a house or other building, or to a room; a vestibule; an adit, as of a mine.
Entry	The exhibition or depositing of a ship's papers at the customhouse, to procure license to land goods; or the giving an account of a ship's cargo to the officer of the customs, and obtaining his permission to land the goods. See Enter, v. t., 8, and Entrance, n., 5.
Entry	The actual taking possession of lands or tenements, by entering or setting foot on them.
Entry	A putting upon record in proper form and order.
Entry	The act in addition to breaking essential to constitute the offense or burglary.
Entryng	Am entrance.
Entune	To tune; to intone.
Entwine	To twine, twist, or wreathe together or round.
Entwine	To be twisted or twined.
Entwinement	A twining or twisting together or round; union.
Entwist	To twist or wreathe round; to intwine.
Enubilate	To clear from mist, clouds, or obscurity.
Enubilous	Free from fog, mist, or clouds; clear.
Enucleated	of Enucleate
Enucleating	of Enucleate
Enucleate	To bring or peel out, as a kernel from its enveloping husks its enveloping husks or shell.
Enucleate	To remove without cutting (as a tumor).
Enucleate	To bring to light; to make clear.
Enucleation	The act of enucleating; elucidation; exposition.
Enumerated	of Enumerate
Enumerating	of Enumerate
Enumerate	To count; to tell by numbers; to count over, or tell off one after another; to number; to reckon up; to mention one by one; to name over; to make a special and separate account of; to recount; as, to enumerate the stars in a constellation.
Enumeration	The act of enumerating, making separate mention, or recounting.
Enumeration	A detailed account, in which each thing is specially noticed.
Enumeration	A recapitulation, in the peroration, of the heads of an argument.
Enumerative	Counting, or reckoning up, one by one.
Enumerator	One who enumerates.
Enunciable	Capable of being enunciated or expressed.
Enunciated	of Enunciate
Enunciating	of Enunciate
Enunciate	To make a formal statement of; to announce; to proclaim; to declare, as a truth.
Enunciate	To make distinctly audible; to utter articulately; to pronounce; as, to enunciate a word distinctly.
Enunciate	To utter words or syllables articulately.
Enunciation	The act of enunciating, announcing, proclaiming, or making known; open attestation; declaration; as, the enunciation of an important truth.
Enunciation	Mode of utterance or pronunciation, especially as regards fullness and distinctness or articulation; as, to speak with a clear or impressive enunciation.
Enunciation	That which is enunciated or announced; words in which a proposition is expressed; an announcement; a formal declaration; a statement.
Enunciative	Pertaining to, or containing, enunciation; declarative.
Enunciator	One who enunciates or proclaims.
Enunciatory	Pertaining to, or containing, enunciation or utterance.
Enure	See Inure.
Enuresis	An involuntary discharge of urine; incontinence of urine.
Envassal	To make a vassal of.
Envault	To inclose in a vault; to entomb.
Enveigle	To entice. See Inveigle.
Enveloped	of Envelop
Enveloping	of Envelop
Envelop	To put a covering about; to wrap up or in; to inclose within a case, wrapper, integument or the like; to surround entirely; as, to envelop goods or a letter; the fog envelops a ship.
Envelope	Alt. of Envelop
Envelop	That which envelops, wraps up, encases, or surrounds; a wrapper; an inclosing cover; esp., the cover or wrapper of a document, as of a letter.
Envelop	The nebulous covering of the head or nucleus of a comet; -- called also coma.
Envelop	A work of earth, in the form of a single parapet or of a small rampart. It is sometimes raised in the ditch and sometimes beyond it.
Envelop	A curve or surface which is tangent to each member of a system of curves or surfaces, the form and position of the members of the system being allowed to vary according to some continuous law. Thus, any curve is the envelope of its tangents.
Envelop	A set of limits for the performance capabilities of some type of machine, originally used to refer to aircraft.  Now also used metaphorically to refer to capabilities of any system in general, including human organizations, esp. in the phrase push the envelope.  It is used to refer to the maximum performance available at the current state of the technology, and therefore refers to a class of machines in general, not a specific machine.
Envelopment	The act of enveloping or wrapping; an inclosing or covering on all sides.
Envelopment	That which envelops or surrounds; an envelop.
Envenime	To envenom.
Envenomed	of Envenom
Envenoming	of Envenom
Envenom	To taint or impregnate with venom, or any substance noxious to life; to poison; to render dangerous or deadly by poison, as food, drink, a weapon; as, envenomed meat, wine, or arrow; also, to poison (a person) by impregnating with venom.
Envenom	To taint or impregnate with bitterness, malice, or hatred; to imbue as with venom; to imbitter.
Envermeil	To color with, or as with, vermilion; to dye red.
Enviable	Fitted to excite envy; capable of awakening an ardent desire to posses or to resemble.
Envie	To vie; to emulate; to strive.
Envier	One who envies; one who desires inordinately what another possesses.
Envigor	To invigorate.
Envious	Malignant; mischievous; spiteful.
Envious	Feeling or exhibiting envy; actuated or directed by, or proceeding from, envy; -- said of a person, disposition, feeling, act, etc.; jealously pained by the excellence or good fortune of another; maliciously grudging; -- followed by of, at, and against; as, an envious man, disposition, attack; envious tongues.
Envious	Inspiring envy.
Envious	Excessively careful; cautious.
Environed	of Environ
Environing	of Environ
Environ	To surround; to encompass; to encircle; to hem in; to be round about; to involve or envelop.
Environ	About; around.
Environment	Act of environing; state of being environed.
Environment	That which environs or surrounds; surrounding conditions, influences, or forces, by which living forms are influenced and modified in their growth and development.
Environs	The parts or places which surround another place, or lie in its neighborhood; suburbs; as, the environs of a city or town.
Envisaged	of Envisage
Envisaging	of Envisage
Envisage	To look in the face of; to apprehend; to regard.
Envisagement	The act of envisaging.
Envolume	To form into, or incorporate with, a volume.
Envolup	To wrap up; to envelop.
Envoy	One dispatched upon an errand or mission; a messenger; esp., a person deputed by a sovereign or a government to negotiate a treaty, or transact other business, with a foreign sovereign or government; a minister accredited to a foreign government. An envoy's rank is below that of an ambassador.
Envoy	An explanatory or commendatory postscript to a poem, essay, or book; -- also in the French from, l'envoi.
Envoyship	The office or position of an envoy.
Envies	of Envy
Envy	Malice; ill will; spite.
Envy	Chagrin, mortification, discontent, or uneasiness at the sight of another's excellence or good fortune, accompanied with some degree of hatred and a desire to possess equal advantages; malicious grudging; -- usually followed by of; as, they did this in envy of Caesar.
Envy	Emulation; rivalry.
Envy	Public odium; ill repute.
Envy	An object of envious notice or feeling.
Envied	of Envy
Envying	of Envy
Envy	To feel envy at or towards; to be envious of; to have a feeling of uneasiness or mortification in regard to (any one), arising from the sight of another's excellence or good fortune and a longing to possess it.
Envy	To feel envy on account of; to have a feeling of grief or repining, with a longing to possess (some excellence or good fortune of another, or an equal good fortune, etc.); to look with grudging upon; to begrudge.
Envy	To long after; to desire strongly; to covet.
Envy	To do harm to; to injure; to disparage.
Envy	To hate.
Envy	To emulate.
Envy	To be filled with envious feelings; to regard anything with grudging and longing eyes; -- used especially with at.
Envy	To show malice or ill will; to rail.
Envyned	Stored or furnished with wine.
Enwall	See Inwall.
Enwallow	To plunge into, or roll in, flith; to wallow.
Enwheel	To encircle.
Enwiden	To widen.
Enwind	To wind about; to encircle.
Enwoman	To endow with the qualities of a woman.
Enwombed	of Enwomb
Enwombing	of Enwomb
Enwomb	To conceive in the womb.
Enwomb	To bury, as it were in a womb; to hide, as in a gulf, pit, or cavern.
Enwrap	To envelop. See Inwrap.
Enwrapment	Act of enwrapping; a wrapping or an envelope.
Enwreathe	See Inwreathe.
Enzootic	Afflicting animals; -- used of a disease affecting the animals of a district. It corresponds to an endemic disease among men.
Enzyme	An unorganized or unformed ferment, in distinction from an organized or living ferment; a soluble, or chemical, ferment. Ptyalin, pepsin, diastase, and rennet are good examples of enzymes.
Eocene	Pertaining to the first in time of the three subdivisions into which the Tertiary formation is divided by geologists, and alluding to the approximation in its life to that of the present era; as, Eocene deposits.
Eocene	The Eocene formation.
Eolian	Aeolian.
Eolian	Formed, or deposited, by the action of wind, as dunes.
Eolic	See Aeolic.
Eolipile	Same as Aeolipile.
Eolis	A genus of nudibranch mollusks having clusters of branchial papillae along the back. See Ceratobranchia.
Eon	Alt. of Aeon
Aeon	An immeasurable or infinite space of time; eternity; a long space of time; an age.
Aeon	One of the embodiments of the divine attributes of the Eternal Being.
Eophyte	A fossil plant which is found in the lowest beds of the Silurian age.
Eophytic	Of or pertaining to eophytes.
Eos	Aurora, the goddess of morn.
Eosaurus	An extinct marine reptile from the coal measures of Nova Scotia; -- so named because supposed to be of the earliest known reptiles.
Eosin	A yellow or brownish red dyestuff obtained by the action of bromine on fluorescein, and named from the fine rose-red which it imparts to silk. It is also used for making a fine red ink. Its solution is fluorescent.
Eosphorite	A hydrous phosphate of alumina and manganese. It is generally of a rose-pink color, -- whence the name.
Eozoic	Of or pertaining to rocks or strata older than the Paleozoic, in many of which the eozoon has been found.
Eozoons	of Eozoon
Eozoa	of Eozoon
Eozoon	A peculiar structure found in the Archaean limestones of Canada and other regions. By some geologists it is believed to be a species of gigantic Foraminifera, but others consider it a concretion, without organic structure.
Eozoonal	Pertaining to the eozoon; containing eozoons; as, eozoonal limestone.
Ep-	See Epi-.
Epacris	A genus of shrubs, natives of Australia, New Zealand, etc., having pretty white, red, or purple blossoms, and much resembling heaths.
Epact	The moon's age at the beginning of the calendar year, or the number of days by which the last new moon has preceded the beginning of the year.
Epagoge	The adducing of particular examples so as to lead to a universal conclusion; the argument by induction.
Epagogic	Inductive.
Epalate	Without palpi.
Epanadiplosis	A figure by which the same word is used both at the beginning and at the end of a sentence; as, "Rejoice in the Lord always: and again I say, Rejoice."
Epanalepsis	A figure by which the same word or clause is repeated after intervening matter.
Epanaphora	Same as Anaphora.
Epanastrophe	Same as Anadiplosis.
Epanodos	A figure of speech in which the parts of a sentence or clause are repeated in inverse order
Epanody	The abnormal change of an irregular flower to a regular form; -- considered by evolutionists to be a reversion to an ancestral condition.
Epanorthosis	A figure by which a speaker recalls a word or words, in order to substitute something else stronger or more significant; as, Most brave!  Brave, did I say? most heroic act!
Epanthous	Growing upon flowers; -- said of certain species of fungi.
Eparch	In ancient Greece, the governor or perfect of a province; in modern Greece, the ruler of an eparchy.
Eparchy	A province, prefecture, or territory, under the jurisdiction of an eparch or governor; esp., in modern Greece, one of the larger subdivisions of a monarchy or province of the kingdom; in Russia, a diocese or archdiocese.
Eparterial	Situated upon or above an artery; -- applied esp. to the branches of the bronchi given off above the point where the pulmonary artery crosses the bronchus.
Epaule	The shoulder of a bastion, or the place where its face and flank meet and form the angle, called the angle of the shoulder.
Epaulement	A side work, made of gabions, fascines, or bags, filled with earth, or of earth heaped up, to afford cover from the flanking fire of an enemy.
Epaulet	Alt. of Epaulette
Epaulette	A shoulder ornament or badge worn by military and naval officers, differences of rank being marked by some peculiar form or device, as a star, eagle, etc.; a shoulder knot.
Epauleted	Alt. of Epauletted
Epauletted	Wearing epaulets; decorated with epaulets.
Epaxial	Above, or on the dorsal side of, the axis of the skeleton; episkeletal.
Epeira	A genus of spiders, including the common garden spider (E. diadema). They spin geometrical webs. See Garden spider.
Epen	See Epencephalon.
Epencephalic	Pertaining to the epencephalon.
Epencephalic	Situated on or over the brain.
Epencephalon	The segment of the brain next behind the midbrain, including the cerebellum and pons; the hindbrain. Sometimes abbreviated to epen.
Ependyma	The epithelial lining of the ventricles of the brain and the canal of the spinal cord; endyma; ependymis.
Ependymis	See Ependyma.
Epenetic	Bestowing praise; eulogistic; laudatory.
Epentheses	of Epenthesis
Epenthesis	The insertion of a letter or a sound in the body of a word; as, the b in "nimble" from AS. n/mol.
Epenthetic	Inserted in the body of a word; as, an epenthetic letter or sound.
Epergne	A centerpiece for table decoration, usually consisting of several dishes or receptacles of different sizes grouped together in an ornamental design.
Eperlan	The European smelt (Osmerus eperlanus).
Epexegesis	A full or additional explanation; exegesis.
Epexegetical	Relating to epexegesis; explanatory; exegetical.
Ephah	Alt. of Epha
Epha	A Hebrew dry measure, supposed to be equal to two pecks and five quarts. ten ephahs make one homer.
Ephemera	A fever of one day's continuance only.
Ephemera	A genus of insects including the day flies, or ephemeral flies. See Ephemeral fly, under Ephemeral.
Ephemeral	Beginning and ending in a day; existing only, or no longer than, a day; diurnal; as, an ephemeral flower.
Ephemeral	Short-lived; existing or continuing for a short time only.
Ephemeral	Anything lasting but a day, or a brief time; an ephemeral plant, insect, etc.
Ephemeran	One of the ephemeral flies.
Ephemeric	Ephemeral.
Ephemerides	of Ephemeris
Ephemeris	A diary; a journal.
Ephemeris	A publication giving the computed places of the heavenly bodies for each day of the year, with other numerical data, for the use of the astronomer and navigator; an astronomical almanac; as, the "American Ephemeris and Nautical Almanac."
Ephemeris	Any tabular statement of the assigned places of a heavenly body, as a planet or comet, on several successive days.
Ephemeris	A collective name for reviews, magazines, and all kinds of periodical literature.
Ephemerist	One who studies the daily motions and positions of the planets.
Ephemerist	One who keeps an ephemeris; a journalist.
Ephemera	of Ephemeron
Ephemeron	One of the ephemeral flies.
Ephemerous	Ephemeral.
Ephesian	Of or pertaining to Ephesus, an ancient city of Ionia, in Asia Minor.
Ephesian	A native of Ephesus.
Ephesian	A jolly companion; a roisterer.
Ephialtes	The nightmare.
Ephippial	Saddle-shaped; occupying an ephippium.
Ephippium	A depression in the sphenoid bone; the pituitary fossa.
Ephippium	A saddle-shaped cavity to contain the winter eggs, situated on the back of Cladocera.
Ephod	A part of the sacerdotal habit among Jews, being a covering for the back and breast, held together on the shoulders by two clasps or brooches of onyx stones set in gold, and fastened by a girdle of the same stuff as the ephod. The ephod for the priests was of plain linen; that for the high priest was richly embroidered in colors. The breastplate of the high priest was worn upon the ephod in front.
Ephors	of Ephor
Ephori	of Ephor
Ephor	A magistrate; one of a body of five magistrates chosen by the people of ancient Sparta. They exercised control even over the king.
Ephoral	Pertaining to an ephor.
Ephoralty	The office of an ephor, or the body of ephors.
Ephraim	A hunter's name for the grizzly bear.
Ephyra	A stage in the development of discophorous medusae, when they first begin to swim about after being detached from the strobila. See Strobila.
Epi-	A prefix, meaning upon, beside, among, on the outside, above, over. It becomes ep-before a vowel, as in epoch, and eph-before a Greek aspirate, as in ephemeral.
Epiblast	The outer layer of the blastoderm; the ectoderm. See Blastoderm, Delamination.
Epiblastic	Of or relating to, or consisting of, the epiblast.
Epiblema	The epidermal cells of rootlets, specially adapted to absorb liquids.
Epibolic	Growing or covering over; -- said of a kind of invagination. See under Invagination.
Epiboly	Epibolic invagination. See under Invagination.
Epibranchial	Pertaining to the segment between the ceratobranchial and pharyngobranchial in a branchial arch.
Epibranchial	An epibranchial cartilage or bone.
Epic	Narrated in a grand style; pertaining to or designating a kind of narrative poem, usually called an heroic poem, in which real or fictitious events, usually the achievements of some hero, are narrated in an elevated style.
Epic	An epic or heroic poem. See Epic, a.
Epical	Epic.
Epicardiac	Of or relating to the epicardium.
Epicardium	That of the pericardium which forms the outer surface of the heart; the cardiac pericardium.
Epicarican	An isopod crustacean, parasitic on shrimps.
Epicarp	The external or outermost layer of a fructified or ripened ovary. See Illust. under Endocarp.
Epicede	A funeral song or discourse; an elegy.
Epicedial	Elegiac; funereal.
Epicedian	Epicedial.
Epicedian	An epicede.
Epicedium	An epicede.
Epicene	Common to both sexes; -- a term applied, in grammar, to such nouns as have but one form of gender, either the masculine or feminine, to indicate animals of both sexes; as boy^s, bos, for the ox and cow; sometimes applied to eunuchs and hermaphrodites.
Epicene	Fig.: Sexless; neither one thing nor the other.
Epicentral	Arising from the centrum of a vertebra.
Epicerastic	Lenient; assuaging.
Epichiremata	of Epichirema
Epichirema	A syllogism in which the proof of the major or minor premise, or both, is introduced with the premises themselves, and the conclusion is derived in the ordinary manner.
Epichordal	Upon or above the notochord; -- applied esp. to a vertebral column which develops upon the dorsal side of the notochord, as distinguished from a perichordal column, which develops around it.
Epichorial	In or of the country.
Epicleidium	A projection, formed by a separate ossification, at the scapular end of the clavicle of many birds.
Epiclinal	Situated on the receptacle or disk of a flower.
Epicoele	A cavity formed by the invagination of the outer wall of the body, as the atrium of an amphioxus and possibly the body cavity of vertebrates.
Epicoene	Epicene.
Epicolic	Situated upon or over the colon; -- applied to the region of the abdomen adjacent to the colon.
Epicondylar	Pertaining to, or resembling, an epicondyle.
Epicondyle	A projection on the inner side of the distal end of the numerus; the internal condyle.
Epicoracoid	A ventral cartilaginous or bony element of the coracoid in the shoulder girdle of some vertebrates.
Epicranial	Pertaining to the epicranium; as epicranial muscles.
Epicranium	The upper and superficial part of the head, including the scalp, muscles, etc.
Epicranium	The dorsal wall of the head of insects.
Epictetain	Pertaining to Epictetus, the Roman Stoic philosopher, whose conception of life was to be passionless under whatever circumstances.
Epicure	A follower of Epicurus; an Epicurean.
Epicure	One devoted to dainty or luxurious sensual enjoyments, esp. to the luxuries of the table.
Epicurean	Pertaining to Epicurus, or following his philosophy.
Epicurean	Given to luxury; adapted to luxurious tastes; luxurious; pertaining to good eating.
Epicurean	A follower or Epicurus.
Epicurean	One given to epicurean indulgence.
Epicureanism	Attachment to the doctrines of Epicurus; the principles or belief of Epicurus.
Epicurely	Luxuriously.
Epicureous	Epicurean.
Epicurism	The doctrines of Epicurus.
Epicurism	Epicurean habits of living; luxury.
Epicurize	To profess or tend towards the doctrines of Epicurus.
Epicurize	To feed or indulge like an epicure.
Epicycle	A circle, whose center moves round in the circumference of a greater circle; or a small circle, whose center, being fixed in the deferent of a planet, is carried along with the deferent, and yet, by its own peculiar motion, carries the body of the planet fastened to it round its proper center.
Epicycle	A circle which rolls on the circumference of another circle, either externally or internally.
Epicyclic	Pertaining to, resembling, or having the motion of, an epicycle.
Epicycloid	A curve traced by a point in the circumference of a circle which rolls on the convex side of a fixed circle.
Epicycloidal	Pertaining to the epicycloid, or having its properties.
Epideictic	Serving to show forth, explain, or exhibit; -- applied by the Greeks to a kind of oratory, which, by full amplification, seeks to persuade.
Epidemic	Alt. of Epidemical
Epidemical	Common to, or affecting at the same time, a large number in a community; -- applied to a disease which, spreading widely, attacks many persons at the same time; as, an epidemic disease; an epidemic catarrh, fever, etc.  See Endemic.
Epidemical	Spreading widely, or generally prevailing; affecting great numbers, as an epidemic does; as, epidemic rage; an epidemic evil.
Epidemic	An epidemic disease.
Epidemic	Anything which takes possession of the minds of people as an epidemic does of their bodies; as, an epidemic of terror.
Epidemically	In an epidemic manner.
Epidemiography	A treatise upon, or history of, epidemic diseases.
Epidemiological	Connected with, or pertaining to, epidemiology.
Epidemiologist	A person skilled in epidemiology.
Epidemiology	That branch of science which treats of epidemics.
Epidemy	An epidemic disease.
Epiderm	The epidermis.
Epidermal	Of or pertaining to the epidermis; epidermic; cuticular.
Epidermatic	Epidermal.
Epidermatoid	Epidermoid.
Epidermeous	Epidermal.
Epidermic	Epidermal; connected with the skin or the bark.
Epidermical	Epidermal.
Epidermidal	Epidermal.
Epidermis	The outer, nonsensitive layer of the skin; cuticle; scarfskin. See Dermis.
Epidermis	The outermost layer of the cells, which covers both surfaces of leaves, and also the surface of stems, when they are first formed. As stems grow old this layer is lost, and never replaced.
Epidermoid	Like epidermis; pertaining to the epidermis.
Epidermose	Keratin.
Epidictic	Alt. of Epidictical
Epidictical	Serving to explain; demonstrative.
Epididymis	An oblong vermiform mass on the dorsal side of the testicle, composed of numerous convolutions of the excretory duct of that organ.
Epididymitis	Inflammation of the epididymis, one of the common results of gonorrhea.
Epidote	A mineral, commonly of a yellowish green (pistachio) color, occurring granular, massive, columnar, and in monoclinic crystals. It is a silicate of alumina, lime, and oxide of iron, or manganese.
Epidotic	Related to, resembling, or containing epidote; as, an epidotic granite.
Epigaea	An American genus of plants, containing but a single species (E. repens), the trailing arbutus.
Epigaeous	Growing on, or close to, the ground.
Epigastrial	Epigastric.
Epigastric	Pertaining to the epigastrium, or to the epigastric region.
Epigastric	Over the stomach; -- applied to two of the areas of the carapace of crabs.
Epigastrium	The upper part of the abdomen.
Epigeal	Epigaeous.
Epigee	See Perigee.
Epigene	Foreign; unnatural; unusual; -- said of forms of crystals not natural to the substances in which they are found.
Epigene	Formed originating on the surface of the earth; -- opposed to hypogene; as, epigene rocks.
Epigenesis	The theory of generation which holds that the germ is created entirely new, not merely expanded, by the procreative power of the parents. It is opposed to the theory of evolution, also to syngenesis.
Epigenesist	One who believes in, or advocates the theory of, epigenesis.
Epigenetic	Of or pertaining to the epigenesis; produced according to the theory of epigenesis.
Epigeous	Same as Epigaeous.
Epigeum	See Perigee.
Epiglottic	Pertaining to, or connected with, the epiglottis.
Epiglottidean	Same as Epiglottic.
Epiglottis	A cartilaginous lidlike appendage which closes the glottis while food or drink is passing while food or drink is passing through the pharynx.
Epignathous	Hook-billed; having the upper mandible longer than the lower.
Epigram	A short poem treating concisely and pointedly of a single thought or event. The modern epigram is so contrived as to surprise the reader with a witticism or ingenious turn of thought, and is often satirical in character.
Epigram	An effusion of wit; a bright thought tersely and sharply expressed, whether in verse or prose.
Epigram	The style of the epigram.
Epigrammatic	Alt. of Epigrammatical
Epigrammatical	Writing epigrams; dealing in epigrams; as, an epigrammatical poet.
Epigrammatical	Suitable to epigrams; belonging to epigrams; like an epigram; pointed; piquant; as, epigrammatic style, wit, or sallies of fancy.
Epigrammatically	In the way of epigram; in an epigrammatic style.
Epigrammatist	One who composes epigrams, or makes use of them.
Epigrammatized	of Epigrammatize
Epigrammatizing	of Epigrammatize
Epigrammatize	To represent by epigrams; to express by epigrams.
Epigrammatizer	One who writes in an affectedly pointed style.
Epigrammist	An epigrammatist.
Epigraph	Any inscription set upon a building; especially, one which has to do with the building itself, its founding or dedication.
Epigraph	A citation from some author, or a sentence framed for the purpose, placed at the beginning of a work or of its separate divisions; a motto.
Epigraphic	Alt. of Epigraphical
Epigraphical	Of or pertaining to epigraphs or to epigraphy; as, an epigraphic style; epigraphical works or studies.
Epigraphics	The science or study of epigraphs.
Epigraphist	A student of, or one versed in, epigraphy.
Epigraphy	The science of inscriptions; the art of engraving inscriptions or of deciphering them.
Epigynous	Adnate to the surface of the ovary, so as to be apparently inserted upon the top of it; -- said of stamens, petals, sepals, and also of the disk.
Epihyal	A segment next above the ceratohyal in the hyoidean arch.
Epilepsy	The "falling sickness," so called because the patient falls suddenly to the ground; a disease characterized by paroxysms (or fits) occurring at interval and attended by sudden loss of consciousness, and convulsive motions of the muscles.
Epileptic	Pertaining to, affected with, or of the nature of, epilepsy.
Epileptic	One affected with epilepsy.
Epileptic	A medicine for the cure of epilepsy.
Epileptical	Epileptic.
Epileptiform	Resembling epilepsy.
Epileptogenous	Producing epilepsy or epileptoid convulsions; -- applied to areas of the body or of the nervous system, stimulation of which produces convulsions.
Epileptoid	Resembling epilepsy; as, epileptoid convulsions.
Epilogation	A summing up in a brief account.
Epilogic	Alt. of Epilogical
Epilogical	Of or pertaining to an epilogue.
Epilogism	Enumeration; computation.
Epilogistic	Of or pertaining to epilogue; of the nature of an epilogue.
Epilogize	To speak an epilogue to; to utter as an epilogue.
Epilogue	A speech or short poem addressed to the spectators and recited by one of the actors, after the conclusion of the play.
Epilogue	The closing part of a discourse, in which the principal matters are recapitulated; a conclusion.
Epiloguize	Same as Epilogize.
Epimachus	A genus of highly ornate and brilliantly colored birds of Australia, allied to the birds of Paradise.
Epimera	See Epimeron.
Epimeral	Pertaining to the epimera.
Epimere	One of the segments of the transverse axis, or the so called homonymous parts; as, for example, one of the several segments of the extremities in vertebrates, or one of the similar segments in plants, such as the segments of a segmented leaf.
Epimera	of Epimeron
Epimeron	In crustaceans: The part of the side of a somite external to the basal joint of each appendage.
Epimeron	In insects: The lateral piece behind the episternum.
Epinastic	A term applied to that phase of vegetable growth in which an organ grows more rapidly on its upper than on its under surface. See Hyponastic.
Epineural	Arising from the neurapophysis of a vertebra.
Epineurium	The connective tissue framework and sheath of a nerve which bind together the nerve bundles, each of which has its own special sheath, or perineurium.
Epinglette	An iron needle for piercing the cartridge of a cannon before priming.
Epinicial	Relating to victory.
Epinicion	A song of triumph.
Epinikian	Epinicial.
Epiornis	One of the gigantic ostrichlike birds of the genus Aepiornis, only recently extinct. Its remains have been found in Madagascar.
Epiotic	The upper and outer element of periotic bone, -- in man forming a part of the temporal bone.
Epipedometry	The mensuration of figures standing on the same base.
Epiperipheral	Connected with, or having its origin upon, the external surface of the body; -- especially applied to the feelings which originate at the extremities of nerves distributed on the outer surface, as the sensation produced by touching an object with the finger; -- opposed to entoperipheral.
Epipetalous	Borne on the petals or corolla.
Epiphany	An appearance, or a becoming manifest.
Epiphany	A church festival celebrated on the 6th of January, the twelfth day after Christmas, in commemoration of the visit of the Magi of the East to Bethlehem, to see and worship the child Jesus; or, as others maintain, to commemorate the appearance of the star to the Magi, symbolizing the manifestation of Christ to the Gentles; Twelfthtide.
Epipharyngeal	Pertaining to the segments above the epibranchial in the branchial arches of fishes.
Epipharyngeal	An epipharyngeal bone or cartilage.
Epipharynx	A structure which overlaps the mouth of certain insects.
Epiphonema	An exclamatory sentence, or striking reflection, which sums up or concludes a discourse.
Epiphoneme	Epiphonema.
Epiphora	The watery eye; a disease in which the tears accumulate in the eye, and trickle over the cheek.
Epiphora	The emphatic repetition of a word or phrase, at the end of several sentences or stanzas.
Epiphragm	A membranaceous or calcareous septum with which some mollusks close the aperture of the shell during the time of hibernation, or aestivation.
Epiphylospermous	Bearing fruit on the back of the leaves, as ferns.
Epiphyllous	Growing upon, or inserted into, the leaf.
Epiphyllum	A genus of cactaceous plants having flattened, jointed stems, and petals united in a tube. The flowers are very showy, and several species are in cultivation.
Epiphyseal	Alt. of Epiphysial
Epiphysial	Pertaining to, or having the nature of, an epiphysis.
Epiphyses	of Epiphysis
Epiphysis	The end, or other superficial part, of a bone, which ossifies separately from the central portion, or diaphysis.
Epiphysis	The cerebral epiphysis, or pineal gland. See Pineal gland, under Pineal.
Epiphytal	Pertaining to an epiphyte.
Epiphyte	An air plant which grows on other plants, but does not derive its nourishment from them. See Air plant.
Epiphyte	A vegetable parasite growing on the surface of the body.
Epiphytic	Alt. of Epiphytical
Epiphytical	Pertaining to, or having the nature of, an epiphyte.
Epiplastra	of Epiplastron
Epiplastron	One of the first pair of lateral plates in the plastron of turtles.
Epipleural	Arising from the pleurapophysis of a vertebra.
Epiplexis	A figure by which a person seeks to convince and move by an elegant kind of upbraiding.
Epiploce	A figure by which one striking circumstance is added, in due gradation, to another; climax; e. g., "He not only spared his enemies, but continued them in employment; not only continued, but advanced them."
Epiploic	Relating to the epiploon.
Epiploa	of Epiploon
Epiploon	See Omentum.
Epipodial	Pertaining to the epipodialia or the parts of the limbs to which they belong.
Epipodial	Pertaining to the epipodium of Mollusca.
Epipodialia	of Epipodiale
Epipodiale	One of the bones of either the forearm or shank, the epipodialia being the radius, ulna, tibia, and fibula.
Epipodite	The outer branch of the legs in certain Crustacea. See Maxilliped.
Epipodia	of Epipodium
Epipodium	One of the lateral lobes of the foot in certain gastropods.
Epipolic	Producing, or relating to, epipolism or fluorescence.
Epipolism	See Fluorescence.
Epipolized	Changed to the epipolic condition, or that in which the phenomenon of fluorescence is presented; produced by fluorescence; as, epipolized light.
Epipteric	Pertaining to a small Wormian bone sometimes present in the human skull between the parietal and the great wing of the sphenoid.
Epipteric	The epipteric bone.
Epipterygoid	Situated upon or above the pterygoid bone.
Epipterygoid	An epipterygoid bone or cartilage; the columella in the skulls of many lizards.
Epipubic	Relating to the epipubis.
Epipubes	of Epipubis
Epipubis	A cartilage or bone in front of the pubis in some amphibians and other animals.
Episcopacy	Government of the church by bishops; church government by three distinct orders of ministers -- bishops, priests, and deacons -- of whom the bishops have an authority superior and of a different kind.
Episcopal	Governed by bishops; as, an episcopal church.
Episcopal	Belonging to, or vested in, bishops; as, episcopal jurisdiction or authority; the episcopal system.
Episcopalian	Pertaining to bishops, or government by bishops; episcopal; specifically, of or relating to the Protestant Episcopal Church.
Episcopalian	One who belongs to an episcopal church, or adheres to the episcopal form of church government and discipline; a churchman; specifically, in the United States, a member of the Protestant Episcopal Church.
Episcopalianism	The doctrine and usages of Episcopalians; episcopacy.
Episcopally	By episcopal authority; in an episcopal manner.
Episcopant	A bishop.
Episcoparian	Episcopal.
Episcopate	A bishopric; the office and dignity of a bishop.
Episcopate	The collective body of bishops.
Episcopate	The time of a bishop's rule.
Episcopated	of Episcopate
Episcopating	of Episcopate
Episcopate	To act as a bishop; to fill the office of a prelate.
Episcopicide	The killing of a bishop.
Episcopize	To make a bishop of by consecration.
Episcopize	To perform the duties of a bishop.
Episcopy	Survey; superintendence.
Episcopy	Episcopacy.
Episepalous	Growing on the sepals or adnate to them.
Episkeletal	Above or outside of the endoskeleton; epaxial.
Episodal	Same as Episodic.
Episode	A separate incident, story, or action, introduced for the purpose of giving a greater variety to the events related; an incidental narrative, or digression, separable from the main subject, but naturally arising from it.
Episodial	Pertaining to an episode; by way of episode; episodic.
Episodic	Alt. of Episodical
Episodical	Of or pertaining to an episode; adventitious.
Epispadias	A deformity in which the urethra opens upon the top of the penis, instead of at its extremity.
Epispastic	Attracting the humors to the skin; exciting action in the skin; blistering.
Epispastic	An external application to the skin, which produces a puriform or serous discharge by exciting inflammation; a vesicatory.
Episperm	The skin or coat of a seed, especially the outer coat. See Testa.
Epispermic	Pertaining, or belonging, to the episperm, or covering of a seed.
Epispore	The thickish outer coat of certain spores.
Epistaxis	Bleeding at the nose.
Epistemology	The theory or science of the method or grounds of knowledge.
Episternal	Of or pertaining to the episternum.
Episterna	of Episternum
Episternum	A median bone connected with the sternum, in many vertebrates; the interclavicle.
Episternum	Same as Epiplastron.
Episternum	One of the lateral pieces next to the sternum in the thorax of insects.
Epistilbite	A crystallized, transparent mineral of the Zeolite family. It is a hydrous silicate of alumina and lime.
Epistle	A writing directed or sent to a person or persons; a written communication; a letter; -- applied usually to formal, didactic, or elegant letters.
Epistle	One of the letters in the New Testament which were addressed to their Christian brethren by Apostles.
Epistle	To write; to communicate in a letter or by writing.
Epistler	A writer of epistles, or of an epistle of the New Testament.
Epistler	The ecclesiastic who reads the epistle at the communion service.
Epistolar	Epistolary.
Epistolary	Pertaining to epistles or letters; suitable to letters and correspondence; as, an epistolary style.
Epistolary	Contained in letters; carried on by letters.
Epistolean	One who writes epistles; a correspondent.
Epistoler	One of the clergy who reads the epistle at the communion service; an epistler.
Epistolet	A little epistle.
Epistolic	Alt. of Epistolical
Epistolical	Pertaining to letters or epistles; in the form or style of letters; epistolary.
Epistolize	To write epistles.
Epistolizer	A writer of epistles.
Epistolographic	Pertaining to the writing of letters; used in writing letters; epistolary.
Epistolography	The art or practice of writing epistles.
Epistoma	Alt. of Epistome
Epistome	The region between the antennae and the mouth, in Crustacea.
Epistome	A liplike organ that covers the mouth, in most Bryozoa. See Illust., under Entoprocta.
Epistrophe	A figure in which successive clauses end with the same word or affirmation; e. g., "Are they Hebrews? so am I. Are they Israelites? so am I."
Epistyle	A massive piece of stone or wood laid immediately on the abacus of the capital of a column or pillar; -- now called architrave.
Episyllogism	A syllogism which assumes as one of its premises a proposition which was the conclusion of a preceding syllogism, called, in relation to this, the prosyllogism.
Epitaph	An inscription on, or at, a tomb, or a grave, in memory or commendation of the one buried there; a sepulchral inscription.
Epitaph	A brief writing formed as if to be inscribed on a monument, as that concerning Alexander: "Sufficit huic tumulus, cui non sufficeret orbis."
Epitaph	To commemorate by an epitaph.
Epitaph	To write or speak after the manner of an epitaph.
Epitapher	A writer of epitaphs.
Epitaphial	Alt. of Epitaphian
Epitaphian	Relating to, or of the nature of, an epitaph.
Epitaphic	Pertaining to an epitaph; epitaphian.
Epitaphic	An epitaph.
Epitaphist	An epitapher.
Epitasis	That part which embraces the main action of a play, poem, and the like, and leads on to the catastrophe; -- opposed to protasis.
Epitasis	The period of violence in a fever or disease; paroxysm.
Epithalamic	Belonging to, or designed for, an epithalamium.
Epithalamiums	of Epithalamium
Epithalamia	of Epithalamium
Epithalamium	A nuptial song, or poem in honor of the bride and bridegroom.
Epithalamies	of Epithalamy
Epithalamy	Epithalamium.
Epitheca	A continuous and, usually, structureless layer which covers more or less of the exterior of many corals.
Epithelial	Of or pertaining to epithelium; as, epithelial cells; epithelial cancer.
Epithelioid	Like epithelium; as, epithelioid cells.
Epithelioma	A malignant growth containing epithelial cells; -- called also epithelial cancer.
Epitheliums	of Epithelium
Epithelia	of Epithelium
Epithelium	The superficial layer of cells lining the alimentary canal and all its appendages, all glands and their ducts, blood vessels and lymphatics, serous cavities, etc. It often includes the epidermis (i. e., keratin-producing epithelial cells), and it is sometimes restricted to the alimentary canal, the glands and their appendages, -- the term endothelium being applied to the lining membrane of the blood vessels, lymphatics, and serous cavities.
Epitheloid	Epithelioid.
Epithem	Any external topical application to the body, except ointments and plasters, as a poultice, lotion, etc.
Epithema	A horny excrescence upon the beak of birds.
Epithesis	The addition of a letter at the end of a word, without changing its sense; as, numb for num, whilst for whiles.
Epithet	An adjective expressing some quality, attribute, or relation, that is properly or specially appropriate to a person or thing; as, a just man; a verdant lawn.
Epithet	Term; expression; phrase.
Epithet	To describe by an epithet.
Epithetic	Alt. of Epithetical
Epithetical	Pertaining to, or abounding with, epithets.
Epithite	A lazy, worthless fellow; a vagrant.
Epithumetic	Epithumetical.
Epithumetical	Pertaining to sexual desire; sensual.
Epitithides	The uppermost member of the cornice of an entablature.
Epitomator	An epitomist.
Epitomes	of Epitome
Epitome	A work in which the contents of a former work are reduced within a smaller space by curtailment and condensation; a brief summary; an abridgement.
Epitome	A compact or condensed representation of anything.
Epitomist	One who makes an epitome; one who abridges; an epitomizer.
Epitomized	of Epitomize
Epitomizing	of Epitomize
Epitomize	To make an epitome of; to shorten or abridge, as a writing or discourse; to reduce within a smaller space; as, to epitomize the works of Justin.
Epitomize	To diminish, as by cutting off something; to curtail; as, to epitomize words.
Epitomizer	An epitomist.
Epitrite	A foot consisting of three long syllables and one short syllable.
Epitrochlea	A projection on the outer side of the distal end of the humerus; the external condyle.
Epitrochlear	Relating to the epitrochlea.
Epitrochoid	A kind of curve. See Epicycloid, any Trochoid.
Epitrope	A figure by which permission is either seriously or ironically granted to some one, to do what he proposes to do; e. g., "He that is unjust, let him be unjust still."
Epizeuxis	A figure by which a word is repeated with vehemence or emphasis, as in the following lines: -
Epozoan	An epizoon.
Epozoic	Living upon the exterior of another animal; ectozoic; -- said of external parasites.
Epizoa	of Epizoon
Epizoon	One of the artificial group of invertebrates of various kinds, which live parasitically upon the exterior of other animals; an ectozoon. Among them are the lice, ticks, many acari, the lerneans, or fish lice, and other crustaceans.
Epizootic	Of or pertaining to an epizoon.
Epizootic	Containing fossil remains; -- said of rocks, formations, mountains, and the like.
Epizootic	Of the nature of a disease which attacks many animals at the same time; -- corresponding to epidemic diseases among men.
Epizooty	Alt. of Epizootic
Epizootic	An epizootic disease; a murrain; an epidemic influenza among horses.
Epoch	A fixed point of time, established in history by the occurrence of some grand or remarkable event; a point of time marked by an event of great subsequent influence; as, the epoch of the creation; the birth of Christ was the epoch which gave rise to the Christian era.
Epoch	A period of time, longer or shorter, remarkable for events of great subsequent influence; a memorable period; as, the epoch of maritime discovery, or of the Reformation.
Epoch	A division of time characterized by the prevalence of similar conditions of the earth; commonly a minor division or part of a period.
Epoch	The date at which a planet or comet has a longitude or position.
Epoch	An arbitrary fixed date, for which the elements used in computing the place of a planet, or other heavenly body, at any other date, are given; as, the epoch of Mars; lunar elements for the epoch March 1st, 1860.
Epocha	See Epoch.
Epochal	Belonging to an epoch; of the nature of an epoch.
Epode	The after song; the part of a lyric ode which follows the strophe and antistrophe, -- the ancient ode being divided into strophe, antistrophe, and epode.
Epode	A species of lyric poem, invented by Archilochus, in which a longer verse is followed by a shorter one; as, the Epodes of Horace. It does not include the elegiac distich.
Epodic	Pertaining to, or resembling, an epode.
Eponym	Alt. of Eponyme
Eponyme	The hypothetical individual who is assumed as the person from whom any race, city, etc., took its name; as, Hellen is an eponym of the Hellenes.
Eponyme	A name, as of a people, country, and the like, derived from that of an individual.
Eponymic	Same as Eponymous.
Eponymist	One from whom a race, tribe, city, or the like, took its name; an eponym.
Eponymous	Relating to an eponym; giving one's name to a tribe, people, country, and the like.
Eponymy	The derivation of the name of a race, tribe, etc., from that of a fabulous hero, progenitor, etc.
Epoophoron	See Parovarium.
Epopee	Alt. of Epopoeia
Epopoeia	An epic poem; epic poetry.
Epopt	One instructed in the mysteries of a secret system.
Epos	An epic.
Epotation	A drinking up; a quaffing.
Eprouvette	An apparatus for testing or proving the strength of gunpowder.
Epsomite	Native sulphate of magnesia or Epsom salt.
Epsom salts	Alt. of salt
salt	Sulphate of magnesia having cathartic qualities; -- originally prepared by boiling down the mineral waters at Epsom, England, -- whence the name; afterwards prepared from sea water; but now from certain minerals, as from siliceous hydrate of magnesia.
Epulary	Of or pertaining to a feast or banquet.
Epulation	A feasting or feast; banquet.
Epulis	A hard tumor developed from the gums.
Epulose	Feasting to excess.
Epulosity	A feasting to excess.
Epulotic	Promoting the skinning over or healing of sores; as, an epulotic ointment.
Epulotic	An epulotic agent.
Epuration	Purification.
Epure	A draught or model from which to build; especially, one of the full size of the work to be done; a detailed drawing.
Equability	The quality or condition of being equable; evenness or uniformity; as, equability of temperature; the equability of the mind.
Equable	Equal and uniform; continuing the same at different times; -- said of motion, and the like; uniform in surface; smooth; as, an equable plain or globe.
Equable	Uniform in action or intensity; not variable or changing; -- said of the feelings or temper.
Equableness	Quality or state of being equable.
Equably	In an equable manner.
Equal	Agreeing in quantity, size, quality, degree, value, etc.; having the same magnitude, the same value, the same degree, etc.; -- applied to number, degree, quantity, and intensity, and to any subject which admits of them; neither inferior nor superior, greater nor less, better nor worse; corresponding; alike; as, equal quantities of land, water, etc. ; houses of equal size; persons of equal stature or talents; commodities of equal value.
Equal	Bearing a suitable relation; of just proportion; having competent power, abilities, or means; adequate; as, he is not equal to the task.
Equal	Not variable; equable; uniform; even; as, an equal movement.
Equal	Evenly balanced; not unduly inclining to either side; characterized by fairness; unbiased; impartial; equitable; just.
Equal	Of the same interest or concern; indifferent.
Equal	Intended for voices of one kind only, either all male or all female; -- opposed to mixed.
Equal	Exactly agreeing with respect to quantity.
Equal	One not inferior or superior to another; one having the same or a similar age, rank, station, office, talents, strength, or other quality or condition; an equal quantity or number; as, "If equals be taken from equals the remainders are equal."
Equal	State of being equal; equality.
Equaled	of Equal
Equalled	of Equal
Equaling	of Equal
Equalling	of Equal
Equal	To be or become equal to; to have the same quantity, the same value, the same degree or rank, or the like, with; to be commen/urate with.
Equal	To make equal return to; to recompense fully.
Equal	To make equal or equal to; to equalize; hence, to compare or regard as equals; to put on equality.
Equalitarian	One who believes in equalizing the condition of men; a leveler.
Equalities	of Equality
Equality	The condition or quality of being equal; agreement in quantity or degree as compared; likeness in bulk, value, rank, properties, etc.; as, the equality of two bodies in length or thickness; an equality of rights.
Equality	Sameness in state or continued course; evenness; uniformity; as, an equality of temper or constitution.
Equality	Evenness; uniformity; as, an equality of surface.
Equality	Exact agreement between two expressions or magnitudes with respect to quantity; -- denoted by the symbol =; thus, a = x signifies that a contains the same number and kind of units of measure that x does.
Equalization	The act of equalizing, or state of being equalized.
Equalized	of Equalize
Equalizing	of Equalize
Equalize	To make equal; to cause to correspond, or be like, in amount or degree as compared; as, to equalize accounts, burdens, or taxes.
Equalize	To pronounce equal; to compare as equal.
Equalize	To be equal to; equal; to match.
Equalizer	One who, or that which, equalizes anything.
Equally	In an equal manner or degree in equal shares or proportion; with equal and impartial justice; without difference; alike; evenly; justly; as, equally taxed, furnished, etc.
Equalness	Equality; evenness.
Equangular	Having equal angles; equiangular.
Equanimity	Evenness of mind; that calm temper or firmness of mind which is not easily elated or depressed; patience; calmness; composure; as, to bear misfortunes with equanimity.
Equanimous	Of an even, composed frame of mind; of a steady temper; not easily elated or depressed.
Equant	A circle around whose circumference a planet or the center of ann epicycle was conceived to move uniformly; -- called also eccentric equator.
Equated	of Equate
Equating	of Equate
Equate	To make equal; to reduce to an average; to make such an allowance or correction in as will reduce to a common standard of comparison; to reduce to mean time or motion; as, to equate payments; to equate lines of railroad for grades or curves; equated distances.
Equation	A making equal; equal division; equality; equilibrium.
Equation	An expression of the condition of equality between two algebraic quantities or sets of quantities, the sign = being placed between them; as, a binomial equation; a quadratic equation; an algebraic equation; a transcendental equation; an exponential equation; a logarithmic equation; a differential equation, etc.
Equation	A quantity to be applied in computing the mean place or other element of a celestial body; that is, any one of the several quantities to be added to, or taken from, its position as calculated on the hypothesis of a mean uniform motion, in order to find its true position as resulting from its actual and unequal motion.
Equator	The imaginary great circle on the earth's surface, everywhere equally distant from the two poles, and dividing the earth's surface into two hemispheres.
Equator	The great circle of the celestial sphere, coincident with the plane of the earth's equator; -- so called because when the sun is in it, the days and nights are of equal length; hence called also the equinoctial, and on maps, globes, etc., the equinoctial line.
Equatorial	Of or pertaining to the equator; as, equatorial climates; also, pertaining to an equatorial instrument.
Equatorial	An instrument consisting of a telescope so mounted as to have two axes of motion at right angles to each other, one of them parallel to the axis of the earth, and each carrying a graduated circle, the one for measuring declination, and the other right ascension, or the hour angle, so that the telescope may be directed, even in the daytime, to any star or other object whose right ascension and declination are known. The motion in right ascension is sometimes communicated by clockwork, so as to keep the object constantly in the field of the telescope. Called also an equatorial telescope.
Equatorially	So as to have motion or direction parallel to the equator.
Equerries	of Equerry
Equerry	A large stable or lodge for horses.
Equerry	An officer of princes or nobles, charged with the care of their horses.
Equery	Same as Equerry.
Equestrian	Of or pertaining to horses or horsemen, or to horsemanship; as, equestrian feats, or games.
Equestrian	Being or riding on horseback; mounted; as, an equestrian statue.
Equestrian	Belonging to, or composed of, the ancient Roman equities or knights; as, the equestrian order.
Equestrian	One who rides on horseback; a horseman; a rider.
Equestrianism	The art of riding on horseback; performance on horseback; horsemanship; as, feats equestrianism.
Equestrienne	A woman skilled in equestrianism; a horsewoman.
Equi-	A prefix, meaning equally; as, equidistant; equiangular.
Equiangled	Equiangular.
Equiangular	Having equal angles; as, an equiangular figure; a square is equiangular.
Equibalance	Equal weight; equiponderance.
Equibalanced	of Equibalance
Equibalancing	of Equibalance
Equibalance	To make of equal weight; to balance equally; to counterbalance; to equiponderate.
Equicrescent	Increasing by equal increments; as, an equicrescent variable.
Equicrural	Having equal legs or sides; isosceles.
Equicrure	Equicrural.
Equidifferent	Having equal differences; as, the terms of arithmetical progression are equidifferent.
Equidistance	Equal distance.
Equidistant	Being at an equal distance from the same point or thing.
Equidiurnal	Pertaining to the time of equal day and night; -- applied to the equinoctial line.
Equiform	Having the same form; uniform.
Equilateral	Having all the sides equal; as, an equilateral triangle; an equilateral polygon.
Equilateral	A side exactly corresponding, or equal, to others; also, a figure of equal sides.
Equilibrated	of Equilibrate
Equilibrating	of Equilibrate
Equilibrate	To balance two scales, sides, or ends; to keep even with equal weight on each side; to keep in equipoise.
Equilibration	Act of keeping a balance, or state of being balanced; equipoise.
Equilibration	The process by which animal and vegetable organisms preserve a physiological balance.
Equilibrious	Evenly poised; balanced.
Equilibrist	One who balances himself in unnatural positions and hazardous movements; a balancer.
Equilibrity	The state of being balanced; equality of weight.
Equilibriums	of Equilibrium
Equilibria	of Equilibrium
Equilibrium	Equality of weight or force; an equipoise or a state of rest produced by the mutual counteraction of two or more forces.
Equilibrium	A level position; a just poise or balance in respect to an object, so that it remains firm; equipoise; as, to preserve the equilibrium of the body.
Equilibrium	A balancing of the mind between motives or reasons, with consequent indecision and doubt.
Equimomental	Having equal moments of inertia.
Equimultiple	Multiplied by the same number or quantity.
Equimultiple	One of the products arising from the multiplication of two or more quantities by the same number or quantity. Thus, seven times 2, or  14, and seven times 4, or 28, are equimultiples of 2 and 4.
Equinal	See Equine.
Equine	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a horse.
Equinia	Glanders.
Equinoctial	Pertaining to an equinox, or the equinoxes, or to the time of equal day and night; as, the equinoctial line.
Equinoctial	Pertaining to the regions or climate of the equinoctial line or equator; in or near that line; as, equinoctial heat; an equinoctial sun.
Equinoctial	Pertaining to the time when the sun enters the equinoctial points; as, an equinoctial gale or storm, that is, one happening at or near the time of the equinox, in any part of the world.
Equinoctial	The equinoctial line.
Equinoctially	Towards the equinox.
Equinox	The time when the sun enters one of the equinoctial points, that is, about March 21 and September 22. See Autumnal equinox, Vernal equinox, under Autumnal and Vernal.
Equinox	Equinoctial wind or storm.
Equinumerant	Equal as to number.
Equipped	of Equip
Equipping	of Equip
Equip	To furnish for service, or against a need or exigency; to fit out; to supply with whatever is necessary to efficient action in any way; to provide with arms or an armament, stores, munitions, rigging, etc.; -- said esp. of ships and of troops.
Equip	To dress up; to array; accouter.
Equipage	Furniture or outfit, whether useful or ornamental; especially, the furniture and supplies of a vessel, fitting her for a voyage or for warlike purposes, or the furniture and necessaries of an army, a body of troops, or a single soldier, including whatever is necessary for efficient service; equipments; accouterments; habiliments; attire.
Equipage	Retinue; train; suite.
Equipage	A carriage of state or of pleasure with all that accompanies it, as horses, liveried servants, etc., a showy turn-out.
Equipaged	Furnished with equipage.
Equiparable	Comparable.
Equiparate	To compare.
Equipedal	Equal-footed; having the pairs of feet equal.
Equipendency	The act or condition of hanging in equipoise; not inclined or determined either way.
Equipensate	To weigh equally; to esteem alike.
Equipment	The act of equipping, or the state of being equipped, as for a voyage or expedition.
Equipment	Whatever is used in equipping; necessaries for an expedition or voyage; the collective designation for the articles comprising an outfit; equipage; as, a railroad equipment (locomotives, cars, etc. ; for carrying on business); horse equipments; infantry equipments; naval equipments; laboratory equipments.
Equipoise	Equality of weight or force; hence, equilibrium; a state in which the two ends or sides of a thing are balanced, and hence equal; state of being equally balanced; -- said of moral, political, or social interests or forces.
Equipoise	Counterpoise.
Equipollence	Alt. of Equipollency
Equipollency	Equality of power, force, signification, or application.
Equipollency	Sameness of signification of two or more propositions which differ in language.
Equipollent	Having equal power or force; equivalent.
Equipollent	Having equivalent signification and reach; expressing the same thing, but differently.
Equipollently	With equal power.
Equiponderance	Alt. of Equiponderancy
Equiponderancy	Equality of weight; equipoise.
Equiponderant	Being of the same weight.
Equiponderate	To be equal in weight; to weigh as much as another thing.
Equiponderate	To make equal in weight; to counterbalance.
Equiponderous	Having equal weight.
Equipondious	Of equal weight on both sides; balanced.
Equipotential	Having the same potential.
Equiradical	Equally radical.
Equirotal	Having wheels of the same size or diameter; having equal rotation.
Equisetaceous	Belonging to the Equisetaceae, or Horsetail family.
Equisetiform	Having the form of the equisetum.
Equiseta	of Equisetum
Equisetum	A genus of vascular, cryptogamic, herbaceous plants; -- also called horsetails.
Equisonance	An equal sounding; the consonance of the unison and its octaves.
Equisonant	Of the same or like sound.
Equitable	Possessing or exhibiting equity; according to natural right or natural justice; marked by a due consideration for what is fair, unbiased, or impartial; just; as an equitable decision; an equitable distribution of an estate; equitable men.
Equitable	That can be sustained or made available or effective in a court of equity, or upon principles of equity jurisprudence; as, an equitable estate; equitable assets, assignment, mortgage, etc.
Equitableness	The quality of being equitable, just, or impartial; as, the equitableness of a judge, a decision, or distribution of property.
Equitably	In an equitable manner; justly; as, the laws should be equitably administered.
Equitancy	Horsemanship.
Equitant	Mounted on, or sitting upon, a horse; riding on horseback.
Equitant	Overlapping each other; -- said of leaves whose bases are folded so as to overlap and bestride the leaves within or above them, as in the iris.
Equitation	A riding, or the act of riding, on horseback; horsemanship.
Equitemporaneous	Contemporaneous.
Equites	An order of knights holding a middle place between the senate and the commonalty; members of the Roman equestrian order.
Equities	of Equity
Equity	Equality of rights; natural justice or right; the giving, or desiring to give, to each man his due, according to reason, and the law of God to man; fairness in determination of conflicting claims; impartiality.
Equity	An equitable claim; an equity of redemption; as, an equity to a settlement, or wife's equity, etc.
Equity	A system of jurisprudence, supplemental to law, properly so called, and complemental of it.
Equivalence	The condition of being equivalent or equal; equality of worth, value, signification, or force; as, an equivalence of definitions.
Equivalence	Equal power or force; equivalent amount.
Equivalence	The quantity of the combining power of an atom, expressed in hydrogen units; the number of hydrogen atoms can combine with, or be exchanged for; valency. See Valence.
Equivalence	The degree of combining power as determined by relative weight. See Equivalent, n., 2.
Equivalence	To be equivalent or equal to; to counterbalance.
Equivalency	Same as Equivalence.
Equivalent	Equal in wortir or value, force, power, effect, import, and the like; alike in significance and value; of the same import or meaning.
Equivalent	Equal in measure but not admitting of superposition; -- applied to magnitudes; as, a square may be equivalent to a triangle.
Equivalent	Contemporaneous in origin; as, the equivalent strata of different countries.
Equivalent	Something equivalent; that which is equal in value, worth, weight, or force; as, to offer an equivalent for damage done.
Equivalent	That comparative quantity by weight of an element which possesses the same chemical value as other elements, as determined by actual experiment and reference to the same standard. Specifically: (a) The comparative proportions by which one element replaces another in any particular compound; thus, as zinc replaces hydrogen in hydrochloric acid, their equivalents are 32.5 and 1. (b) The combining proportion by weight of a substance, or the number expressing this proportion, in any particular compound; as, the equivalents of hydrogen and oxygen in water are respectively 1 and 8, and in hydric dioxide 1 and 16.
Equivalent	A combining unit, whether an atom, a radical, or a molecule; as, in acid salt two or more equivalents of acid unite with one or more equivalents of base.
Equivalent	To make the equivalent to; to equal; equivalence.
Equivalently	In an equal manner.
Equivalue	To put an equal value upon; to put (something) on a par with another thing.
Equivalve	Alt. of Equivalved
Equivalved	Having the valves equal in size and from, as in most bivalve shells.
Equivalvular	Same as Equivalve or Equivalved.
Equivocacy	Equivocalness.
Equivocal	(Literally, called equally one thing or the other; hence:) Having two significations equally applicable; capable of double interpretation; of doubtful meaning; ambiguous; uncertain; as, equivocal words; an equivocal sentence.
Equivocal	Capable of being ascribed to different motives, or of signifying opposite feelings, purposes, or characters; deserving to be suspected; as, his actions are equivocal.
Equivocal	Uncertain, as an indication or sign; doubtful.
Equivocal	A word or expression capable of different meanings; an ambiguous term; an equivoque.
Equivocally	In an equivocal manner.
Equivocalness	The state of being equivocal.
Equivocated	of Equivocate
Equivocating	of Equivocate
Equivocate	To use words of equivocal or doubtful signification; to express one's opinions in terms which admit of different senses, with intent to deceive; to use ambiguous expressions with a view to mislead; as, to equivocate is the work of duplicity.
Equivocate	To render equivocal or ambiguous.
Equivocation	The use of expressions susceptible of a double signification, with a purpose to mislead.
Equivocator	One who equivocates.
Equivocatory	Indicating, or characterized by, equivocation.
Equivoque	Alt. of Equivoke
Equivoke	An ambiguous term; a word susceptible of different significations.
Equivoke	An equivocation; a guibble.
Equivorous	Feeding on horseflesh; as, equivorous Tartars.
Equus	A genus of mammals, including the horse, ass, etc.
-er	.
-er	The termination of many English words, denoting the agent; -- applied either to men or things; as in hater, farmer, heater, grater. At the end of names of places, -er signifies a man of the place; as, Londoner, i. e., London man.
-er	A suffix used to form the comparative degree of adjectives and adverbs; as, warmer, sooner, lat(e)er, earl(y)ier.
Eras	of Era
Era	A fixed point of time, usually an epoch, from which a series of years is reckoned.
Era	A period of time reckoned from some particular date or epoch; a succession of years dating from some important event; as, the era of Alexander; the era of Christ, or the Christian era (see under Christian).
Era	A period of time in which a new order of things prevails; a signal stage of history; an epoch.
Eradiated	of Eradiate
Eradiating	of Eradiate
Eradiate	To shoot forth, as rays of light; to beam; to radiate.
Eradiation	Emission of radiance.
Eradicable	Capable of being eradicated.
Eradicated	of Eradicate
Eradicating	of Eradicate
Eradicate	To pluck up by the roots; to root up; as, an oak tree eradicated.
Eradicate	To root out; to destroy utterly; to extirpate; as, to eradicate diseases, or errors.
Eradication	The act of plucking up by the roots; a rooting out; extirpation; utter destruction.
Eradication	The state of being plucked up by the roots.
Eradicative	Tending or serving to eradicate; curing or destroying thoroughly, as a disease or any evil.
Eradicative	A medicine that effects a radical cure.
Erasable	Capable of being erased.
Erased	of Erase
Erasing	of Erase
Erase	To rub or scrape out, as letters or characters written, engraved, or painted; to efface; to expunge; to cross out; as, to erase a word or a name.
Erase	Fig.: To obliterate; to expunge; to blot out; -- used of ideas in the mind or memory.
Erased	Rubbed or scraped out; effaced; obliterated.
Erased	Represented with jagged and uneven edges, as is torn off; -- used esp. of the head or limb of a beast.  Cf. Couped.
Erasement	The act of erasing; a rubbing out; expunction; obliteration.
Eraser	One who, or that which, erases; esp., a sharp instrument or a piece of rubber used to erase writings, drawings, etc.
Erasion	The act of erasing; a rubbing out; obliteration.
Erastian	One of the followers of Thomas Erastus, a German physician and theologian of the 16th century. He held that the punishment of all offenses should be referred to the civil power, and that holy communion was open to all. In the present day, an Erastian is one who would see the church placed entirely under the control of the State.
Erastianism	The principles of the Erastains.
Erasure	The act of erasing; a scratching out; obliteration.
Erative	Pertaining to the Muse Erato who presided over amatory poetry.
Erato	The Muse who presided over lyric and amatory poetry.
Erbium	A rare metallic element associated with several other rare elements in the mineral gadolinite from Ytterby in Sweden. Symbol Er. Atomic weight 165.9. Its salts are rose-colored and give characteristic spectra. Its sesquioxide is called erbia.
Ercedeken	An archdeacon.
Erd	The earth.
Ere	Before; sooner than.
Ere	Rather than.
Ere	To plow. [Obs.] See Ear, v. t.
Erebus	A place of nether darkness, being the gloomy space through which the souls passed to Hades. See Milton's "Paradise Lost," Book II., line 883.
Erebus	The son of Chaos and brother of Nox, who dwelt in Erebus.
Erect	Upright, or having a vertical position; not inverted; not leaning or bent; not prone; as, to stand erect.
Erect	Directed upward; raised; uplifted.
Erect	Bold; confident; free from depression; undismayed.
Erect	Watchful; alert.
Erect	Standing upright, with reference to the earth's surface, or to the surface to which it is attached.
Erect	Elevated, as the tips of wings, heads of serpents, etc.
Erected	of Erect
Erecting	of Erect
Erect	To raise and place in an upright or perpendicular position; to set upright; to raise; as, to erect a pole, a flagstaff, a monument, etc.
Erect	To raise, as a building; to build; to construct; as, to erect a house or a fort; to set up; to put together the component parts of, as of a machine.
Erect	To lift up; to elevate; to exalt; to magnify.
Erect	To animate; to encourage; to cheer.
Erect	To set up as an assertion or consequence from premises, or the like.
Erect	To set up or establish; to found; to form; to institute.
Erect	To rise upright.
Erectable	Capable of being erected; as, an erectable feather.
Erecter	An erector; one who raises or builds.
Erectile	Capable of being erected; susceptible of being erected of dilated.
Erectility	The quality or state of being erectile.
Erection	The act of erecting, or raising upright; the act of constructing, as a building or a wall, or of fitting together the parts of, as a machine; the act of founding or establishing, as a commonwealth or an office; also, the act of rousing to excitement or courage.
Erection	The state of being erected, lifted up, built, established, or founded; exaltation of feelings or purposes.
Erection	State of being stretched to stiffness; tension.
Erection	Anything erected; a building of any kind.
Erection	The state of a part which, from having been soft, has become hard and swollen by the accumulation of blood in the erectile tissue.
Erective	Making erect or upright; raising; tending to erect.
Erectly	In an erect manner or posture.
Erectness	Uprightness of posture or form.
Erecto-patent	Having a position intermediate between erect and patent, or spreading.
Erecto-patent	Standing partially spread and erect; -- said of the wings of certain insects.
Erector	One who, or that which, erects.
Erector	A muscle which raises any part.
Erector	An attachment to a microscope, telescope, or other optical instrument, for making the image erect instead of inverted.
Erelong	Before the /apse of a long time; soon; -- usually separated, ere long.
Eremacausis	A gradual oxidation from exposure to air and moisture, as in the decay of old trees or of dead animals.
Eremitage	See Hermitage.
Eremite	A hermit.
Eremitic	Alt. of Eremitical
Eremitical	Of or pertaining to an eremite; hermitical; living in solitude.
Eremitish	Eremitic.
Eremitism	The state of a hermit; a living in seclusion from social life.
Eretation	A creeping forth.
Ereption	A snatching away.
Erethism	A morbid degree of excitement or irritation in an organ.
Erethistic	Relating to erethism.
Erewhile	Alt. of Erewhiles
Erewhiles	Some time ago; a little while before; heretofore.
Erven	of Erf
Erf	A garden plot, usually about half an acre.
Erg	The unit of work or energy in the C. G. S. system, being the amount of work done by a dyne working through a distance of one centimeter; the amount of energy expended in moving a body one centimeter against a force of one dyne. One foot pound is equal to 13,560,000 ergs.
Ergat	To deduce logically, as conclusions.
Ergo	Therefore; consequently; -- often used in a jocular way.
Ergot	A diseased condition of rye and other cereals, in which the grains become black, and often spur-shaped. It is caused by a parasitic fungus, Claviceps purpurea.
Ergot	The mycelium or spawn of this fungus infecting grains of rye and wheat. It is a powerful remedial agent, and also a dangerous poison, and is used as a means of hastening childbirth, and to arrest bleeding.
Ergot	A stub, like soft horn, about the size of a chestnut, situated behind and below the pastern joint.
Ergot	See 2d Calcar, 3 (b).
Ergotic	Pertaining to, or derived from, ergot; as, ergotic acid.
Ergotin	An extract made from ergot.
Ergotine	A powerful astringent alkaloid extracted from ergot as a brown, amorphous, bitter substance. It is used to produce contraction of the uterus.
Ergotism	A logical deduction.
Ergotism	A diseased condition produced by eating rye affected with the ergot fungus.
Ergotized	Affected with the ergot fungus; as, ergotized rye.
Eriach	Alt. of Eric
Eric	A recompense formerly given by a murderer to the relatives of the murdered person.
Erica	A genus of shrubby plants, including the heaths, many of them producing beautiful flowers.
Ericaceous	Belonging to the Heath family, or resembling plants of that family; consisting of heats.
Ericinol	A colorless oil (quickly becoming brown), with a pleasant odor, obtained by the decomposition of ericolin.
Ericius	The Vulgate rendering of the Hebrew word qip/d, which in the "Authorized Version" is translated bittern, and in the Revised Version, porcupine.
Ericolin	A glucoside found in the bearberry (and others of the Ericaceae), and extracted as a bitter, yellow, amorphous mass.
Eridanus	A long, winding constellation extending southward from Taurus and containing the bright star Achernar.
Erigible	Capable of being erected.
Erin	An early, and now a poetic, name of Ireland.
Erinaceous	Of the Hedgehog family; like, or characteristic of, a hedgehog.
Eringo	The sea holly. See Eryngo.
Erinite	A hydrous arseniate of copper, of an emerald-green color; -- so called from Erin, or Ireland, where it occurs.
Erinyes	of Erinys
Erinys	An avenging deity; one of the Furies; sometimes, conscience personified.
Eriometer	An instrument for measuring the diameters of minute particles or fibers, from the size of the colored rings produced by the diffraction of the light in which the objects are viewed.
Eristalis	A genus of dipterous insects whose young (called rat-tailed larvae) are remarkable for their long tapering tail, which spiracles at the tip, and for their ability to live in very impure and salt waters; -- also called drone fly.
Eristic	Alt. of Eristical
Eristical	Controversial.
Erke	ASlothful.
Erlking	A personification, in German and Scandinavian mythology, of a spirit natural power supposed to work mischief and ruin, esp. to children.
Erme	To grieve; to feel sad.
Ermelin	Alt. of Ermilin
Ermilin	See Ermine.
Ermin	An Armenian.
Ermine	A valuable fur-bearing animal of the genus Mustela (M. erminea), allied to the weasel; the stoat. It is found in the northern parts of Asia, Europe, and America. In summer it is brown, but in winter it becomes white, except the tip of the tail, which is always black.
Ermine	The fur of the ermine, as prepared for ornamenting garments of royalty, etc., by having the tips of the tails, which are black, arranged at regular intervals throughout the white.
Ermine	By metonymy, the office or functions of a judge, whose state robe, lined with ermine, is emblematical of purity and honor without stain.
Ermine	One of the furs. See Fur (Her.)
Ermine	To clothe with, or as with, ermine.
Ermined	Clothed or adorned with the fur of the ermine.
Ermines	Alt. of Erminois
Erminois	See Note under Ermine, n., 4.
Ermit	A hermit.
Ern	Alt. of Erne
Erne	A sea eagle, esp. the European white-tailed sea eagle (Haliaeetus albicilla).
Ern	To stir with strong emotion; to grieve; to mourn. [Corrupted into yearn in modern editions of Shakespeare.]
Ernest	See Earnest.
Ernestful	Serious.
Eroded	of Erode
Eroding	of Erode
Erode	To eat into or away; to corrode; as, canker erodes the flesh.
Eroded	Eaten away; gnawed; irregular, as if eaten or worn away.
Eroded	Having the edge worn away so as to be jagged or irregularly toothed.
Erodent	A medicine which eats away extraneous growths; a caustic.
Erogated	of Erogate
Erogating	of Erogate
Erogate	To lay out, as money; to deal out; to expend.
Erogation	The act of giving out or bestowing.
Eros	Love; the god of love; -- by earlier writers represented as one of the first and creative gods, by later writers as the son of Aphrodite, equivalent to the Latin god Cupid.
Erose	Irregular or uneven as if eaten or worn away.
Erose	Jagged or irregularly toothed, as if nibbled out or gnawed.
Erosion	The act or operation of eroding or eating away.
Erosion	The state of being eaten away; corrosion; canker.
Erosive	That erodes or gradually eats away; tending to erode; corrosive.
Erostrate	Without a beak.
Eroteme	A mark indicating a question; a note of interrogation.
Erotesis	A figure o/ speech by which a strong affirmation of the contrary, is implied under the form o/ an earnest interrogation, as in the following lines; -
Erotic	Alt. of Erotical
Erotical	Of or pertaining to the passion of love; treating of love; amatory.
Erotic	An amorous composition or poem.
Eroticism	Erotic quality.
Erpetologist	Herpetologist.
Erpetology	Herpetology.
Erred	of Err
Erring	of Err
Err	To wander; to roam; to stray.
Err	To deviate from the true course; to miss the thing aimed at.
Err	To miss intellectual truth; to fall into error; to mistake in judgment or opinion; to be mistaken.
Err	To deviate morally from the right way; to go astray, in a figurative sense; to do wrong; to sin.
Err	To offend, as by erring.
Errable	Liable to error; fallible.
Errableness	Liability to error.
Errabund	Erratic.
Errancy	A wandering; state of being in error.
Errand	A special business intrusted to a messenger; something to be told or done by one sent somewhere for the purpose; often, a verbal message; a commission; as, the servant was sent on an errand; to do an errand. Also, one's purpose in going anywhere.
Errant	Wandering; deviating from an appointed course, or from a direct path; roving.
Errant	Notorious; notoriously bad; downright; arrant.
Errant	Journeying; itinerant; -- formerly applied to judges who went on circuit and to bailiffs at large.
Errant	One who wanders about.
Errantia	A group of chaetopod annelids, including those that are not confined to tubes. See Chaetopoda.
Errantry	A wandering; a roving; esp., a roving in quest of adventures.
Errantry	The employment of a knight-errant.
Errata	See Erratum.
Erratic	Having no certain course; roving about without a fixed destination; wandering; moving; -- hence, applied to the planets as distinguished from the fixed stars.
Erratic	Deviating from a wise of the common course in opinion or conduct; eccentric; strange; queer; as, erratic conduct.
Erratic	Irregular; changeable.
Erratic	One who deviates from common and accepted opinions; one who is eccentric or preserve in his intellectual character.
Erratic	A rogue.
Erratic	Any stone or material that has been borne away from its original site by natural agencies; esp., a large block or fragment of rock; a bowlder.
Erratical	Erratic.
Erration	A wandering; a roving about.
Errata	of Erratum
Erratum	An error or mistake in writing or printing.
Erthine	A medicine designed to be snuffed up the nose, to promote discharges of mucus; a sternutatory.
Erthine	Causing or increasing secretion of nasal mucus.
Erroneous	Wandering; straying; deviating from the right course; -- hence, irregular; unnatural.
Erroneous	Misleading; misled; mistaking.
Erroneous	Containing error; not conformed to truth or justice; incorrect; false; mistaken; as, an erroneous doctrine; erroneous opinion, observation, deduction, view, etc.
Error	A wandering; a roving or irregular course.
Error	A wandering or deviation from the right course or standard; irregularity; mistake; inaccuracy; something made wrong or left wrong; as, an error in writing or in printing; a clerical error.
Error	A departing or deviation from the truth; falsity; false notion; wrong opinion; mistake; misapprehension.
Error	A moral offense; violation of duty; a sin or transgression; iniquity; fault.
Error	The difference between the approximate result and the true result; -- used particularly in the rule of double position.
Error	The difference between an observed value and the true value of a quantity.
Error	The difference between the observed value of a quantity and that which is taken or computed to be the true value; -- sometimes called residual error.
Error	A mistake in the proceedings of a court of record in matters of law or of fact.
Error	A fault of a player of the side in the field which results in failure to put out a player on the other side, or gives him an unearned base.
Errorful	Full of error; wrong.
Errorist	One who encourages and propagates error; one who holds to error.
Ers	The bitter vetch (Ervum Ervilia).
Erse	A name sometimes given to that dialect of the Celtic which is spoken in the Highlands of Scotland; -- called, by the Highlanders, Gaelic.
Erse	Of or pertaining to the Celtic race in the Highlands of Scotland, or to their language.
Ersh	See Arrish.
Erst	First.
Erst	Previously; before; formerly; heretofore.
Erstwhile	Till then or now; heretofore; formerly.
Erubescence	Alt. of Erubescency
Erubescency	The act of becoming red; redness of the skin or surface of anything; a blushing.
Erubescent	Red, or reddish; blushing.
Erubescite	See Bornite.
Erucae	of Eruca
Eruca	An insect in the larval state; a caterpillar; a larva.
Erucic	Pertaining to, or derived from, a genus of cruciferous Mediterranean herbs (Eruca or Brassica); as, erucic acid, a fatty acid resembling oleic acid, and found in colza oil, mustard oil, etc.
Erucifrom	Having the form of a caterpillar; -- said of insect larvae.
Eruct	Alt. of Eructate
Eructate	To eject, as wind, from the stomach; to belch.
Eructation	The act of belching wind from the stomach; a belch.
Eructation	A violent belching out or emitting, as of gaseous or other matter from the crater of a volcano, geyser, etc.
Erudiate	To instruct; to educate; to teach.
Erudite	Characterized by extensive reading or knowledge; well instructed; learned.
Erudition	The act of instructing; the result of thorough instruction; the state of being erudite or learned; the acquisitions gained by extensive reading or study; particularly, learning in literature or criticism, as distinct from the sciences; scholarship.
Erugate	Freed from wrinkles; smooth.
Eruginous	Partaking of the substance or nature of copper, or of the rust copper; resembling the trust of copper or verdigris; aeruginous.
Erumpent	Breaking out; -- said of certain fungi which burst through the texture of leaves.
Erupt	To cause to burst forth; to eject; as, to erupt lava.
Eruption	The act of breaking out or bursting forth; as: (a) A violent throwing out of flames, lava, etc., as from a volcano of a fissure in the earth's crust. (b) A sudden and overwhelming hostile movement of armed men from one country to another. Milton. (c) A violent commotion.
Eruption	That which bursts forth.
Eruption	A violent exclamation; ejaculation.
Eruption	The breaking out of pimples, or an efflorescence, as in measles, scarlatina, etc.
Eruptional	Eruptive.
Eruptive	Breaking out or bursting forth.
Eruptive	Attended with eruption or efflorescence, or producing it; as, an eruptive fever.
Eruptive	Produced by eruption; as, eruptive rocks, such as the igneous or volcanic.
Eruptive	An eruptive rock.
Eryngium	A genus of umbelliferous plants somewhat like thistles in appearance. Eryngium maritimum, or sea holly, has been highly esteemed as an aphrodisiac, the roots being formerly candied.
Eryngo	A plant of the genus Eryngium.
Erysipelas	St. Anthony's fire; a febrile disease accompanied with a diffused inflammation of the skin, which, starting usually from a single point, spreads gradually over its surface. It is usually regarded as contagious, and often occurs epidemically.
Erysipelatoid	Resembling erysipelas.
Erysipelatous	Resembling erysipelas, or partaking of its nature.
Erysipelous	Erysipelatous.
Erythema	A disease of the skin, in which a diffused inflammation forms rose-colored patches of variable size.
Erythematic	Characterized by, or causing, a morbid redness of the skin; relating to erythema.
Erythematous	Relating to, or causing, erythema.
Erythrean	Alt. of Erythraean
Erythraean	Red in color.
Erythric	Pertaining to, derived from, or resembling, erythrin.
Erythrin	Alt. of Erythrine
Erythrine	A colorless crystalline substance, C20H22O10, extracted from certain lichens, as the various species of Rocella. It is a derivative of orsellinic acid. So called because of certain red compounds derived from it. Called also erythric acid.
Erythrine	See Erythrite, 2.
Erythrina	A genus of leguminous plants growing in the tropics; coral tree; -- so called from its red flowers.
Erythrism	A condition of excessive redness. See Erythrochroism.
Erythrite	A colorless crystalline substance, C4H6.(OH)4, of a sweet, cooling taste, extracted from certain lichens, and obtained by the decomposition of erythrin; -- called also erythrol, erythroglucin, erythromannite, pseudorcin, cobalt bloom, and under the name phycite obtained from the alga Protococcus vulgaris. It is a tetrabasic alcohol, corresponding to glycol and glycerin.
Erythrite	A rose-red mineral, crystallized and earthy, a hydrous arseniate of cobalt, known also as cobalt bloom; -- called also erythrin or erythrine.
Erythrochroic	Having, or subject to, erythrochroism.
Erythrochroism	An unusual redness, esp. in the plumage of birds, or hair of mammals, independently of age, sex, or season.
Erythrodextrin	A dextrin which gives a red color with iodine. See Dextrin.
Erythrogen	Carbon disulphide; -- so called from certain red compounds which it produces in combination with other substances.
Erythrogen	A substance reddened by acids, which is supposed to be contained in flowers.
Erythrogen	A crystalline substance obtained from diseased bile, which becomes blood-red when acted on by nitric acid or ammonia.
Erythrogranulose	A term applied by Brucke to a substance present in small amount in starch granules, colored red by iodine.
Erythroid	Of a red color; reddish; as, the erythroid tunic (the cremaster muscle).
Erythroleic	Having a red color and oily appearance; -- applied to a purple semifluid substance said to be obtained from archil.
Erythrolein	A red substance obtained from litmus.
Erythrolitmin	Erythrolein.
Erythronium	A name originally given (from its red acid) to the metal vanadium.
Erythrophleine	A white crystalline alkaloid, extracted from sassy bark (Erythrophleum Guineense).
Erythrophyll	Alt. of Erythrophyllin
Erythrophyllin	The red coloring matter of leaves, fruits, flowers, etc., in distinction from chlorophyll.
Erythrosin	A red substance formed by the oxidation of tyrosin.
Erythrosin	A red dyestuff obtained from fluorescein by the action of iodine.
Erythroxylon	A genus of shrubs or small trees of the Flax family, growing in tropical countries. E. Coca is the source of cocaine. See Coca.
Erythrozyme	A ferment extracted from madder root, possessing the power of inducing alcoholic fermentation in solutions of sugar.
Escalade	A furious attack made by troops on a fortified place, in which ladders are used to pass a ditch or mount a rampart.
Escaladed	of Escalade
Escalading	of Escalade
Escalade	To mount and pass or enter by means of ladders; to scale; as, to escalate a wall.
Escallop	See Escalop.
Escalloped	See Escaloped.
Escalop	A bivalve shell of the genus Pecten. See Scallop.
Escalop	A regular, curving indenture in the margin of anything. See Scallop.
Escalop	The figure or shell of an escalop, considered as a sign that the bearer had been on a pilgrimage to the Holy Land.
Escalop	A bearing or a charge consisting of an escalop shell.
Escaloped	Cut or marked in the form of an escalop; scalloped.
Escaloped	Covered with a pattern resembling a series of escalop shells, each of which issues from between two others. Its appearance is that of a surface covered with scales.
Escambio	A license formerly required for the making over a bill of exchange to another over sea.
Escapable	Avoidable.
Escapade	The fling of a horse, or ordinary kicking back of his heels; a gambol.
Escapade	Act by which one breaks loose from the rules of propriety or good sense; a freak; a prank.
Escaped	of Escape
Escaping	of Escape
Escape	To flee from and avoid; to be saved or exempt from; to shun; to obtain security from; as, to escape danger.
Escape	To avoid the notice of; to pass unobserved by; to evade; as, the fact escaped our attention.
Escape	To flee, and become secure from danger; -- often followed by from or out of.
Escape	To get clear from danger or evil of any form; to be passed without harm.
Escape	To get free from that which confines or holds; -- used of persons or things; as, to escape from prison, from arrest, or from slavery; gas escapes from the pipes; electricity escapes from its conductors.
Escape	The act of fleeing from danger, of evading harm, or of avoiding notice; deliverance from injury or any evil; flight; as, an escape in battle; a narrow escape; also, the means of escape; as, a fire escape.
Escape	That which escapes attention or restraint; a mistake; an oversight; also, transgression.
Escape	A sally.
Escape	The unlawful permission, by a jailer or other custodian, of a prisoner's departure from custody.
Escape	An apophyge.
Escape	Leakage or outflow, as of steam or a liquid.
Escape	Leakage or loss of currents from the conducting wires, caused by defective insulation.
Escapement	The act of escaping; escape.
Escapement	Way of escape; vent.
Escapement	The contrivance in a timepiece which connects the train of wheel work with the pendulum or balance, giving to the latter the impulse by which it is kept in vibration; -- so called because it allows a tooth to escape from a pallet at each vibration.
Escaper	One who escapes.
Escarbuncle	See Carbuncle, 3.
Escargatoire	A nursery of snails.
Escarp	The side of the ditch next the parapet; -- same as scarp, and opposed to counterscarp.
Escarped	of Escarp
Escarping	of Escarp
Escarp	To make into, or furnish with, a steep slope, like that of a scrap.
Escarpment	A steep descent or declivity; steep face or edge of a ridge; ground about a fortified place, cut away nearly vertically to prevent hostile approach. See Scarp.
-escent	A suffix signifying beginning, beginning to be; as, adolescent, effervescent, etc.
Eschalot	See Shallot.
Eschar	A dry slough, crust, or scab, which separates from the healthy part of the body, as that produced by a burn, or the application of caustics.
Eschar	In Ireland, one of the continuous mounds or ridges of gravelly and sandy drift which extend for many miles over the surface of the country. Similar ridges in Scotland are called kames or kams.
Eschara	A genus of Bryozoa which produce delicate corals, often incrusting like lichens, but sometimes branched.
Escharine	Like, or pertaining to, the genus Eschara, or family Escharidae.
Escharotic	Serving or tending to form an eschar; producing a scar; caustic.
Escharotic	A substance which produces an eschar; a caustic, esp., a mild caustic.
Eschatological	Pertaining to the last or final things.
Eschatology	The doctrine of the last or final things, as death, judgment, and the events therewith connected.
Eschaunge	Exchange.
Escheat	The falling back or reversion of lands, by some casualty or accident, to the lord of the fee, in consequence of the extinction of the blood of the tenant, which may happen by his dying without heirs, and formerly might happen by corruption of blood, that is, by reason of a felony or attainder.
Escheat	The reverting of real property to the State, as original and ultimate proprietor, by reason of a failure of persons legally entitled to hold the same.
Escheat	A writ, now abolished, to recover escheats from the   person in possession.
Escheat	Lands which fall to the lord or the State by escheat.
Escheat	That which falls to one; a reversion or return
Esheated	of Escheat
Escheating	of Escheat
Escheat	To revert, or become forfeited, to the lord, the crown, or the State, as lands by the failure of persons entitled to hold the same, or by forfeiture.
Escheat	To forfeit.
Escheatable	Liable to escheat.
Escheatage	The right of succeeding to an escheat.
Escheator	An officer whose duty it is to observe what escheats have taken place, and to take charge of them.
Eschevin	The alderman or chief officer of an ancient guild.
Eshewed	of Eschew
Eshewing	of Eschew
Eschew	To shun; to avoid, as something wrong, or from a feeling of distaste; to keep one's self clear of.
Eschew	To escape from; to avoid.
Eschewer	One who eschews.
Eschewment	The act of eschewing.
Eschscholtzia	A genus of papaveraceous plants, found in California and upon the west coast of North America, some species of which produce beautiful yellow, orange, rose-colored, or white flowers; the California poppy.
Eschynite	A rare mineral, containing chiefly niobium, titanium, thorium, and cerium. It was so called by Berzelius on account of the inability of chemical science, at the time of its discovery, to separate some of its constituents.
Escocheon	Escutcheon.
Escopet	Alt. of Escopette
Escopette	A kind of firearm; a carbine.
Escorial	See Escurial.
Escort	A body of armed men to attend a person of distinction for the sake of affording safety when on a journey; one who conducts some one as an attendant; a guard, as of prisoners on a march; also, a body of persons, attending as a mark of respect or honor; -- applied to movements on land, as convoy is to movements at sea.
Escort	Protection, care, or safeguard on a journey or excursion; as, to travel under the escort of a friend.
Escorted	of Escort
Escorting	of Escort
Escort	To attend with a view to guard and protect; to accompany as safeguard; to give honorable or ceremonious attendance to; -- used esp. with reference to journeys or excursions on land; as, to escort a public functionary, or a lady; to escort a baggage wagon.
Escot	See Scot, a tax.
Escot	To pay the reckoning for; to support; to maintain.
Escouade	See Squad,
Escout	See Scout.
Escribed	Drawn outside of; -- used to designate a circle that touches one of the sides of a given triangle, and also the other two sides produced.
Escript	A writing.
Escritoire	A piece of furniture used as a writing table, commonly with drawers, pigeonholes, and the like; a secretary or writing desk.
Escritorial	Of or pertaining to an escritoire.
Escrod	See Scrod, a young cod.
Escrol	Alt. of Escroll
Escroll	A scroll.
Escroll	A long strip or scroll resembling a ribbon or a band of parchment, or the like, anciently placed above the shield, and supporting the crest.
Escroll	In modern heraldry, a similar ribbon on which the motto is inscribed.
Escrow	A deed, bond, or other written engagement, delivered to a third person, to be held by him till some act is done or some condition is performed, and then to be by him delivered to the grantee.
Escuage	Service of the shield, a species of knight service by which a tenant was bound to follow his lord to war, at his own charge. It was afterward exchanged for a pecuniary satisfaction. Called also scutage.
Esculapian	Aesculapian.
Esculapius	Same as Aesculapius.
Esculent	Suitable to be used by man for food; eatable; edible; as, esculent plants; esculent fish.
Esculent	Anything that is fit for eating; that which may be safely eaten by man.
Esculic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, the horse-chestnut; as, esculic acid.
Esculin	A glucoside obtained from the Aesculus hippocastanum, or horse-chestnut, and characterized by its fine blue fluorescent solutions.
Escurial	A palace and mausoleum of the kinds of Spain, being a vast and wonderful structure about twenty-five miles northwest of Madrid.
Escutcheon	The surface, usually a shield, upon which bearings are marshaled and displayed. The surface of the escutcheon is called the field, the upper part is called the chief, and the lower part the base (see Chiff, and Field.). That side of the escutcheon which is on the right hand of the knight who bears the shield on his arm is called dexter, and the other side sinister.
Escutcheon	A marking upon the back of a cow's udder and the space above it (the perineum), formed by the hair growing upward or outward instead of downward. It is esteemed an index of milking qualities.
Escutcheon	That part of a vessel's stern on which her name is written.
Escutcheon	A thin metal plate or shield to protect wood, or for ornament, as the shield around a keyhole.
Escutcheon	The depression behind the beak of certain bivalves; the ligamental area.
Escutcheoned	Having an escutcheon; furnished with a coat of arms or ensign.
Ese	Ease; pleasure.
Esemplastic	Shaped into one; tending to, or formative into, unity.
Eserine	An alkaloid found in the Calabar bean, and the seed of Physostigma venenosum; physostigmine. It is used in ophthalmic surgery for its effect in contracting the pupil.
Esexual	Sexless; asexual.
Esguard	Guard.
Eskar	Alt. of Esker
Esker	See Eschar.
Eskimos	of Eskimo
Eskimo	One of a peculiar race inhabiting Arctic America and Greenland. In many respects the Eskimos resemble the Mongolian race.
Esloin	To remove; to banish; to withdraw; to avoid; to eloign.
Esnecy	A prerogative given to the eldest coparcener to choose first after an inheritance is divided.
Esodic	Conveying impressions from the surface of the body to the spinal cord; -- said of certain nerves. Opposed to exodic.
Esophagal	Esophageal.
Esophageal	Pertaining to the esophagus.
Esophagean	Esophageal.
Esophagotomy	The operation of making an incision into the esophagus, for the purpose of removing any foreign substance that obstructs the passage.
Esophagus	That part of the alimentary canal between the pharynx and the stomach; the gullet. See Illust. of Digestive apparatus, under Digestive.
Esopian	Alt. of Esopic
Esopic	Same as Aesopian, Aesopic.
Esoteric	Designed for, and understood by, the specially initiated alone; not communicated, or not intelligible, to the general body of followers; private; interior; acroamatic; -- said of the private and more recondite instructions and doctrines of philosophers. Opposed to exoteric.
Esoterical	Esoteric.
Esoterically	In an esoteric manner.
Esotericism	Esoteric doctrine or principles.
Esoterics	Mysterious or hidden doctrines; secret science.
Esotery	Mystery; esoterics; -- opposed to exotery.
Esox	A genus of fresh-water fishes, including pike and pickerel.
Espace	Space.
Espadon	A long, heavy, two-handed and two-edged sword, formerly used by Spanish foot soldiers and by executioners.
Espalier	A railing or trellis upon which fruit trees or shrubs are trained, as upon a wall; a tree or row of trees so trained.
Espaliered	of Espalier
Espaliering	of Espalier
Espalier	To form an espalier of, or to protect by an espalier.
Esparcet	The common sainfoin (Onobrychis sativa), an Old World leguminous forage plant.
Esparto	A species of Spanish grass (Macrochloa tenacissima), of which cordage, shoes, baskets, etc., are made. It is also used for making paper.
Espauliere	A defense for the shoulder, composed of flexible overlapping plates of metal, used in the 15th century; -- the origin of the modern epaulette.
Especial	Distinguished among others of the same class or kind; special; concerning a species or a single object; principal; particular; as, in an especial manner or degree.
Especially	In an especial manner; chiefly; particularly; peculiarly; in an uncommon degree.
Especialness	The state of being especial.
Esperance	Hope.
Espiaille	Espial.
Espial	The act of espying; notice; discovery.
Espial	One who espies; a spy; a scout.
Espier	One who espies.
Espinel	A kind of ruby. See Spinel.
Espionage	The practice or employment of spies; the practice of watching the words and conduct of others, to make discoveries, as spies or secret emissaries; secret watching.
Esplanade	A clear space between a citadel and the nearest houses of the town.
Esplanade	The glacis of the counterscarp, or the slope of the parapet of the covered way toward the country.
Esplanade	A grass plat; a lawn.
Esplanade	Any clear, level space used for public walks or drives; esp., a terrace by the seaside.
Esplees	The full profits or products which ground or land yields, as the hay of the meadows, the feed of the pasture, the grain of arable fields, the rents, services, and the like.
Espousage	Espousal.
Espousal	The act of espousing or betrothing; especially, in the plural, betrothal; plighting of the troths; a contract of marriage; sometimes, the marriage ceremony.
Espousal	The uniting or allying one's self with anything; maintenance; adoption; as, the espousal of a quarrel.
Espoused	of Espouse
Espousing	of Espouse
Espouse	To betroth; to promise in marriage; to give as spouse.
Espouse	To take as spouse; to take to wife; to marry.
Espouse	To take to one's self with a view to maintain; to make one's own; to take up the cause of; to adopt; to embrace.
Espousement	The act of espousing, or the state of being espoused.
Espouser	One who espouses; one who embraces the cause of another or makes it his own.
Espressivo	With expression.
Espringal	An engine of war used for throwing viretons, large stones, and other missiles; a springal.
Esprit	Spirit.
Espied	of Espy
Espying	of Espy
Espy	To catch sight of; to perceive with the eyes; to discover, as a distant object partly concealed, or not obvious to notice; to see at a glance; to discern unexpectedly; to spy; as, to espy land; to espy a man in a crowd.
Espy	To inspect narrowly; to examine and keep watch upon; to watch; to observe.
Espy	To look or search narrowly; to look about; to watch; to take notice; to spy.
Espies	of Espy
Espy	A spy; a scout.
-esque	A suffix of certain words from the French, Italian, and Spanish. It denotes manner or style; like; as, arabesque, after the manner of the Arabs.
Esquimaux	of Esquimau
Esquimau	Same as Eskimo.
Esquire	Originally, a shield-bearer or armor-bearer, an attendant on a knight; in modern times, a title of dignity next in degree below knight and above gentleman; also, a title of office and courtesy; -- often shortened to squire.
Esquired	of Esquire
Esquiring	of Esquire
Esquire	To wait on as an esquire or attendant in public; to attend.
Esquisse	The first sketch of a picture or model of a statue.
-ess	A suffix used to form feminine nouns; as, actress, deaconess, songstress.
Essays	of Essay
Essay	An effort made, or exertion of body or mind, for the performance of anything; a trial; attempt; as, to make an essay to benefit a friend.
Essay	A composition treating of any particular subject; -- usually shorter and less methodical than a formal, finished treatise; as, an essay on the life and writings of Homer; an essay on fossils, or on commerce.
Essay	An assay. See Assay, n.
Essayed	of Essay
Essaying	of Essay
Essay	To exert one's power or faculties upon; to make an effort to perform; to attempt; to endeavor; to make experiment or trial of; to try.
Essay	To test the value and purity of (metals); to assay. See Assay.
Essayer	One who essays.
Essayist	A writer of an essay, or of essays.
Essence	The constituent elementary notions which constitute a complex notion, and must be enumerated to define it; sometimes called the nominal essence.
Essence	The constituent quality or qualities which belong to any object, or class of objects, or on which they depend for being what they are (distinguished as real essence); the real being, divested of all logical accidents; that quality which constitutes or marks the true nature of anything; distinctive character; hence, virtue or quality of a thing, separated from its grosser parts.
Essence	Constituent substance.
Essence	A being; esp., a purely spiritual being.
Essence	The predominant qualities or virtues of a plant or drug, extracted and refined from grosser matter; or, more strictly, the solution in spirits of wine of a volatile or essential oil; as, the essence of mint, and the like.
Essence	Perfume; odor; scent; or the volatile matter constituting perfume.
Essenced	of Essence
Essencing	of Essence
Essence	To perfume; to scent.
Essenes	of Essene
Essene	One of a sect among the Jews in the time of our Savior, remarkable for their strictness and abstinence.
Essenism	The doctrine or the practices of the Essenes.
Essential	Belonging to the essence, or that which makes an object, or class of objects, what it is.
Essential	Hence, really existing; existent.
Essential	Important in the highest degree; indispensable to the attainment of an object; indispensably necessary.
Essential	Containing the essence or characteristic portion of a substance, as of a plant; highly rectified; pure; hence, unmixed; as, an essential oil.
Essential	Necessary; indispensable; -- said of those tones which constitute a chord, in distinction from ornamental or passing tones.
Essential	Idiopathic; independent of other diseases.
Esential	Existence; being.
Esential	That which is essential; first or constituent principle; as, the essentials or religion.
Essentiality	The quality of being essential; the essential part.
Esentially	In an essential manner or degree; in an indispensable degree; really; as, essentially different.
Esentialness	Essentiality.
Essentiated	of Essentiate
Essentiating	of Essentiate
Essentiate	To form or constitute the essence or being of.
Essentiate	To become assimilated; to be changed into the essence.
Essoin	Alt. of Essoign
Essoign	An excuse for not appearing in court at the return of process; the allegation of an excuse to the court.
Essoign	Excuse; exemption.
Essoin	To excuse for nonappearance in court.
Essoiner	An attorney who sufficiently excuses the absence of another.
Essonite	Cinnamon stone, a variety of garnet. See Garnet.
Essorant	Standing, but with the wings spread, as if about to fly; -- said of a bird borne as a charge on an escutcheon.
Est	East.
-est	A suffix used to form the superlative of adjectives and adverbs; as, smoothest; earl(y)iest.
Established	of Establish
Establishing	of Establish
Establish	To make stable or firm; to fix immovably or firmly; to set (a thing) in a place and make it stable there; to settle; to confirm.
Establish	To appoint or constitute for permanence, as officers, laws, regulations, etc.; to enact; to ordain.
Establish	To originate and secure the permanent existence of; to found; to institute; to create and regulate; -- said of a colony, a state, or other institutions.
Establish	To secure public recognition in favor of; to prove and cause to be accepted as true; as, to establish a fact, usage, principle, opinion, doctrine, etc.
Establish	To set up in business; to place advantageously in a fixed condition; -- used reflexively; as, he established himself in a place; the enemy established themselves in the citadel.
Establisher	One who establishes.
Establishment	The act of establishing; a ratifying or ordaining; settlement; confirmation.
Establishment	The state of being established, founded, and the like; fixed state.
Establishment	That which is established; as: (a) A form of government, civil or ecclesiastical; especially, a system of religion maintained by the civil power; as, the Episcopal establishment of England. (b) A permanent civil, military, or commercial, force or organization. (c) The place in which one is permanently fixed for residence or business; residence, including grounds, furniture, equipage, etc.; with which one is fitted out; also, any office or place of business, with its fixtures; that which serves for the carrying on of a business; as, to keep up a large establishment; a manufacturing establishment.
Establishmentarian	One who regards the Church primarily as an establishment formed by the State, and overlooks its intrinsic spiritual character.
Estacade	A dike of piles in the sea, a river, etc., to check the approach of an enemy.
Estafet	Alt. of Estafette
Estafette	A courier who conveys messages to another courier; a military courier sent from one part of an army to another.
Estancia	A grazing; a country house.
Estate	Settled condition or form of existence; state; condition or circumstances of life or of any person; situation.
Estate	Social standing or rank; quality; dignity.
Estate	A person of high rank.
Estate	A property which a person possesses; a fortune; possessions, esp. property in land; also, property of all kinds which a person leaves to be divided at his death.
Estate	The state; the general body politic; the common-wealth; the general interest; state affairs.
Estate	The great classes or orders of a community or state (as the clergy, the nobility, and the commonalty of England) or their representatives who administer the government; as, the estates of the realm (England), which are (1) the lords spiritual, (2) the lords temporal, (3) the commons.
Estate	The degree, quality, nature, and extent of one's interest in, or ownership of, lands, tenements, etc.; as, an estate for life, for years, at will, etc.
Estate	To establish.
Estate	Tom settle as a fortune.
Estate	To endow with an estate.
Estatlich	Alt. of Estatly
Estatly	Stately; dignified.
Esteemed	of Esteem
Esteeming	of Esteem
Esteem	To set a value on; to appreciate the worth of; to estimate; to value; to reckon.
Esteem	To set a high value on; to prize; to regard with reverence, respect, or friendship.
Esteem	To form an estimate; to have regard to the value; to consider.
Esteem	Estimation; opinion of merit or value; hence, valuation; reckoning; price.
Esteem	High estimation or value; great regard; favorable opinion, founded on supposed worth.
Esteemable	Worthy of esteem; estimable.
Esteemer	One who esteems; one who sets a high value on any thing.
Ester	An ethereal salt, or compound ether, consisting of an organic radical united with the residue of any oxygen acid, organic or inorganic; thus the natural fats are esters of glycerin and the fatty acids, oleic, etc.
Esthesiometer	Same as Aesthesiometer.
Esthete	Alt. of Esthetics
Esthetic	Alt. of Esthetics
Esthetical	Alt. of Esthetics
Esthetics	Same as Aesthete, Aesthetic, Aesthetical, Aesthetics, etc.
Estiferous	Producing heat.
Estimable	Capable of being estimated or valued; as, estimable damage.
Estimable	Valuable; worth a great price.
Estimable	Worth of esteem or respect; deserving our good opinion or regard.
Estimable	A thing worthy of regard.
Estimableness	The quality of deserving esteem or regard.
Estimably	In an estimable manner.
Estimated	of Estimate
Estimating	of Estimate
Estimate	To judge and form an opinion of the value of, from imperfect data, -- either the extrinsic (money), or intrinsic (moral), value; to fix the worth of roughly or in a general way; as, to estimate the value of goods or land; to estimate the worth or talents of a person.
Estimate	To from an opinion of, as to amount,, number, etc., from imperfect data, comparison, or experience; to make an estimate of; to calculate roughly; to rate; as, to estimate the cost of a trip, the number of feet in a piece of land.
Estimate	A valuing or rating by the mind, without actually measuring, weighing, or the like; rough or approximate calculation; as, an estimate of the cost of a building, or of the quantity of water in a pond.
Estimation	The act of estimating.
Estimation	An opinion or judgment of the worth, extent, or quantity of anything, formed without using precise data; valuation; as, estimations of distance, magnitude, amount, or moral qualities.
Estimation	Favorable opinion; esteem; regard; honor.
Estimation	Supposition; conjecture.
Estimative	Inclined, or able, to estimate; serving for, or capable of being used in, estimating.
Estimative	Pertaining to an estimate.
Estimator	One who estimates or values; a valuer.
Estival	Alt. of Estivation
Estivate	Alt. of Estivation
Estivation	Same as Aestival, Aestivate, etc.
Estoile	A six-pointed star whose rays are wavy, instead of straight like those of a mullet.
Estophed	of Estop
Estopping	of Estop
Estop	To impede or bar by estoppel.
Estoppel	A stop; an obstruction or bar to one's alleging or denying a fact contrary to his own previous action, allegation, or denial; an admission, by words or conduct, which induces another to purchase rights, against which the party making such admission can not take a position inconsistent with the admission.
Estoppel	The agency by which the law excludes evidence to dispute certain admissions, which the policy of the law treats as indisputable.
Estovers	Necessaries or supples; an allowance to a person out of an estate or other thing for support; as of wood to a tenant for life, etc., of sustenance to a man confined for felony of his estate, or alimony to a woman divorced out of her husband's estate.
Estrade	A portion of the floor of a room raised above the general level, as a place for a bed or a throne; a platform; a dais.
Estramacon	A straight, heavy sword with two edges, used in the 16th and 17th centuries.
Estramacon	A blow with edge of a sword.
Estranged	of Estrange
Estranging	of Estrange
Estrange	To withdraw; to withhold; hence, reflexively, to keep at a distance; to cease to be familiar and friendly with.
Estrange	To divert from its original use or purpose, or from its former possessor; to alienate.
Estrange	To alienate the affections or confidence of; to turn from attachment to enmity or indifference.
Estrangedness	State of being estranged; estrangement.
Estrangement	The act of estranging, or the state of being estranged; alienation.
Estranger	One who estranges.
Estrangle	To strangle.
Estrapade	The action of a horse, when, to get rid of his rider, he rears, plunges, and kicks furiously.
Estray	To stray.
Estray	Any valuable animal, not wild, found wandering from its owner; a stray.
Estre	The inward part of a building; the interior.
Estreat	A true copy, duplicate, or extract of an original writing or record, esp. of amercements or penalties set down in the rolls of court to be levied by the bailiff, or other officer.
Estreated	of Estreat
Estreating	of Estreat
Estreat	To extract or take out from the records of a court, and send up to the court of exchequer to be enforced; -- said of a forfeited recognizance.
Estreat	To bring in to the exchequer, as a fine.
Estrepe	To strip or lay bare, as land of wood, houses, etc.; to commit waste.
Estrepement	A destructive kind of waste, committed by a tenant for life, in lands, woods, or houses.
Estrich	Ostrich.
Estrich	The down of the ostrich.
Estuance	Heat.
Estuarine	Pertaining to an estuary; estuary.
Estuaries	of Estuary
Estuary	A place where water boils up; a spring that wells forth.
Estuary	A passage, as the mouth of a river or lake, where the tide meets the current; an arm of the sea; a frith.
Estuary	Belonging to, or formed in, an estuary; as, estuary strata.
Estuated	of Estuate
Estuating	of Estuate
Estuate	To boil up; to swell and rage; to be agitated.
Estuation	The act of estuating; commotion, as of a fluid; agitation.
Estufas	of Estufa
Estufa	An assembly room in dwelling of the Pueblo Indians.
Esture	Commotion.
Esurient	Inclined to eat; hungry; voracious.
Esurient	One who is hungry or greedy.
Esurine	Causing hunger; eating; corroding.
Esurine	A medicine which provokes appetites, or causes hunger.
-et	A noun suffix with a diminutive force; as in baronet, pocket, facet, floweret, latchet.
Etaac	The blue buck.
Etacism	The pronunciation of the Greek / (eta) like the Italian e long, that is like a in the English word ate. See Itacism.
Etacist	One who favors etacism.
Etagere	A piece of furniture having a number of uninclosed shelves or stages, one above another, for receiving articles of elegance or use.
Etat Major	The staff of an army, including all officers above the rank of colonel, also, all adjutants, inspectors, quartermasters, commissaries, engineers, ordnance officers, paymasters, physicians, signal officers, judge advocates; also, the noncommissioned assistants of the above officers.
Et cetera	Alt. of Et caetera
Et caetera	Others of the like kind; and the rest; and so on; -- used to point out that other things which could be mentioned are to be understood. Usually abbreviated into etc. or &c. (&c).
Etch	A variant of Eddish.
Etched	of Etch
Etching	of Etch
Etch	To produce, as figures or designs, on mental, glass, or the like, by means of lines or strokes eaten in or corroded by means of some strong acid.
Etch	To subject to etching; to draw upon and bite with acid, as a plate of metal.
Etch	To sketch; to delineate.
Etch	To practice etching; to make etchings.
Etcher	One who etches.
Etching	The act, art, or practice of engraving by means of acid which eats away lines or surfaces left unprotected in metal, glass, or the like. See Etch, v. t.
Etching	A design carried out by means of the above process; a pattern on metal, glass, etc., produced by etching.
Etching	An impression on paper, parchment, or other material, taken in ink from an etched plate.
Eteostic	A kind of chronogram.
Eterminable	Interminable.
Etern	Alt. of Eterne
Eterne	Eternal.
Eternal	Without beginning or end of existence; always existing.
Eternal	Without end of existence or duration; everlasting; endless; immortal.
Eternal	Continued without intermission; perpetual; ceaseless; constant.
Eternal	Existing at all times without change; immutable.
Eternal	Exceedingly great or bad; -- used as a strong intensive.
Eternal	One of the appellations of God.
Eternal	That which is endless and immortal.
Eternalist	One who holds the existence of matter to be from eternity.
Eternalize	To make eternal.
Eternally	In an eternal manner.
Eterne	See Etern.
Eternify	To make eternal.
Eternities	of Eternity
Eternity	Infinite duration, without beginning in the past or end in the future; also, duration without end in the future; endless time.
Eternity	Condition which begins at death; immortality.
Eternization	The act of eternizing; the act of rendering immortal or famous.
Eternized	of Eternize
Eterniziing	of Eternize
Eternize	To make eternal or endless.
Eternize	To make forever famous; to immortalize; as, to eternize one's self, a name, exploits.
Etesian	Periodical; annual; -- applied to winds which annually blow from the north over the Mediterranean, esp. the eastern part, for an irregular period during July and August.
Ethal	A white waxy solid, C16H33.OH; -- called also cetylic alcohol. See Cetylic alcohol, under Cetylic.
Ethane	A gaseous hydrocarbon, C2H6, forming a constituent of ordinary illuminating gas. It is the second member of the paraffin series, and its most important derivatives are common alcohol, aldehyde, ether, and acetic acid. Called also dimethyl.
Ethe	Easy.
Ethel	Noble.
Ethene	Ethylene; olefiant gas.
Ethenic	Pertaining to, derived from. or resembling, ethene or ethylene; as, ethenic ether.
Ethenyl	A trivalent hydrocarbon radical, CH3.C.
Ethenyl	A univalent hydrocarbon radical of the ethylene series, CH2:CH; -- called also vinyl. See Vinyl.
Etheostomoid	Pertaining to, or like, the genus Etheostoma.
Etheostomoid	Any fish of the genus Etheostoma and related genera, allied to the perches; -- also called darter. The etheostomoids are small and often bright-colored fishes inhabiting the fresh waters of North America. About seventy species are known. See Darter.
Ether	A medium of great elasticity and extreme tenuity, supposed to pervade all space, the interior of solid bodies not excepted, and to be the medium of transmission of light and heat; hence often called luminiferous ether.
Ether	Supposed matter above the air; the air itself.
Ether	A light, volatile, mobile, inflammable liquid, (C2H5)2O, of a characteristic aromatic odor, obtained by the distillation of alcohol with sulphuric acid, and hence called also sulphuric ether. It is powerful solvent of fats, resins, and pyroxylin, but finds its chief use as an anaesthetic. Called also ethyl oxide.
Ether	Any similar oxide of hydrocarbon radicals; as, amyl ether; valeric ether.
Ethereal	Pertaining to the hypothetical upper, purer air, or to the higher regions beyond the earth or beyond the atmosphere; celestial; as, ethereal space; ethereal regions.
Ethereal	Consisting of ether; hence, exceedingly light or airy; tenuous; spiritlike; characterized by extreme delicacy, as form, manner, thought, etc.
Ethereal	Pertaining to, derived from, or resembling, ether; as, ethereal salts.
Etherealism	Ethereality.
Ethereality	The state of being ethereal; etherealness.
Etherealization	An ethereal or spiritlike state.
Etherealize	To convert into ether, or into subtile fluid; to saturate with ether.
Etherealize	To render ethereal or spiritlike.
Ethereally	In an ethereal manner.
Etherealness	Ethereality.
Ethereous	Formed of ether; ethereal.
Ethereous	Pertaining to, or resembling, ether.
Etherification	The act or process of making ether; specifically, the process by which a large quantity of alcohol is transformed into ether by the agency of a small amount of sulphuric, or ethyl sulphuric, acid.
Etheriform	Having the form of ether.
Etherin	A white, crystalline hydrocarbon, regarded as a polymeric variety of ethylene, obtained in heavy oil of wine, the residue left after making ether; -- formerly called also concrete oil of wine.
Etherization	The administration of ether to produce insensibility.
Etherization	The state of the system under the influence of ether.
Etherized	of Etherize
Etherizing	of Etherize
Etherize	To convert into ether.
Etherize	To render insensible by means of ether, as by inhalation; as, to etherize a patient.
Etherol	An oily hydrocarbon regarded as a polymeric variety of ethylene, produced with etherin.
Ethic	Alt. of Ethical
Ethical	Of, or belonging to, morals; treating of the moral feelings or duties; containing percepts of morality; moral; as, ethic discourses or epistles; an ethical system; ethical philosophy.
Ethically	According to, in harmony with, moral principles or character.
Ethicist	One who is versed in ethics, or has written on ethics.
Ethics	The science of human duty; the body of rules of duty drawn from this science; a particular system of principles and rules concerting duty, whether true or false; rules of practice in respect to a single class of human actions; as, political or social ethics; medical ethics.
Ethide	Any compound of ethyl of a binary type; as, potassium ethide.
Ethidene	Ethylidene.
Ethine	Acetylene.
Ethionic	Pertaining to, derived from, or designating, an acid so called.
Ethiop	Alt. of Ethiopian
Ethiopian	A native or inhabitant of Ethiopia; also, in a general sense, a negro or black man.
Ethiopian	Alt. of Ethiopic
Ethiopic	Of or relating to Ethiopia or the Ethiopians.
Ethiopic	The language of ancient Ethiopia; the language of the ancient Abyssinian empire (in Ethiopia), now used only in the Abyssinian church. It is of Semitic origin, and is also called Geez.
Ethiops	A black substance; -- formerly applied to various preparations of a black or very dark color.
Ethmoid	Alt. of Ethmoidal
Ethmoidal	Like a sieve; cribriform.
Ethmoidal	Pertaining to, or in the region of, the ethmoid bone.
Ethmoid	The ethmoid bone.
Ethmotrubinal	See Turbinal.
Ethmotrubinal	An ethmoturbinal bone.
Ethmovomerine	Pertaining to the region of the vomer and the base of the ethmoid in the skull.
Ethnarch	The governor of a province or people.
Ethnarchy	The dominion of an ethnarch; principality and rule.
Ethnic	Alt. of Ethnical
Ethnical	Belonging to races or nations; based on distinctions of race; ethnological.
Ethnical	Pertaining to the gentiles, or nations not converted to Christianity; heathen; pagan; -- opposed to Jewish and Christian.
Ethnic	A heathen; a pagan.
Ethnically	In an ethnical manner.
Ethnicism	Heathenism; paganism; idolatry.
Ethnographer	One who investigates ethnography.
Ethnographic	Alt. of Ethnographical
Ethnographical	pertaining to ethnography.
Ethnographically	In an ethnographical manner.
Ethnography	That branch of knowledge which has for its subject the characteristics of the human family, developing the details with which ethnology as a comparative science deals; descriptive ethnology. See Ethnology.
Ethnologic	Alt. of Ethnological
Ethnological	Of or pertaining to ethnology.
Ethnologically	In an ethnological manner; by ethnological classification; as, one belonging ethnologically to an African race.
Ethnologist	One versed in ethnology; a student of ethnology.
Ethnology	The science which treats of the division of mankind into races, their origin, distribution, and relations, and the peculiarities which characterize them.
Ethologic	Alt. of Ethological
Ethological	treating of, or pertaining to, ethnic or morality, or the science of character.
Ethologist	One who studies or writes upon ethology.
Ethology	A treatise on morality; ethics.
Ethology	The science of the formation of character, national and collective as well as individual.
Ethopoetic	Expressing character.
Ethule	Ethyl.
Ethyl	A monatomic, hydrocarbon radical, C2H5 of the paraffin series, forming the essential radical of ethane, and of common alcohol and ether.
Ethylamine	A colorless, mobile, inflammable liquid, C2H5.NH2, very volatile and with an ammoniacal odor. It is a strong base, and is a derivative of ammonia. Called also ethyl carbamine, and amido ethane.
Ethylate	A compound derived from ethyl alcohol by the replacement of the hydroxyl hydrogen, after the manner of a hydrate; an ethyl alcoholate; as, potassium ethylate, C2H5.O.K.
Ethylene	A colorless, gaseous hydrocarbon, C2H4, forming an important ingredient of illuminating gas, and also obtained by the action of concentrated sulphuric acid in alcohol. It is an unsaturated compound and combines directly with chlorine and bromine to form oily liquids (Dutch liquid), -- hence called olefiant gas. Called also ethene, elayl, and formerly, bicarbureted hydrogen.
Ethylic	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, ethyl; as, ethylic alcohol.
Ethylidene	An unsymmetrical, divalent, hydrocarbon radical, C2H4 metameric with ethylene but written thus, CH3.CH to distinguish it from the symmetrical ethylene, CH2.CH2. Its compounds are derived from aldehyde. Formerly called also ethidene.
Ethylin	Any one of the several complex ethers of ethyl and glycerin.
Ethylsulphuric	Pertaining to, or containing, ethyl and sulphuric acid.
Etiolated	of Etiolate
Etiolating	of Etiolate
Etiolate	To become white or whiter; to be whitened or blanched by excluding the light of the sun, as, plants.
Etiolate	To become pale through disease or absence of light.
Etiolate	To blanch; to bleach; to whiten by depriving of the sun's rays.
Etiolate	To cause to grow pale by disease or absence of light.
Etiolate	Alt. of Etiolated
Etiolated	Having a blanched or faded appearance, as birds inhabiting desert regions.
Etiolation	The operation of blanching plants, by excluding the light of the sun; the condition of a blanched plant.
Etiolation	Paleness produced by absence of light, or by disease.
Etoolin	A yellowish coloring matter found in plants grown in darkness, which is supposed to be an antecedent condition of chlorophyll.
Etiological	Pertaining to, or inquiring into, causes; aetiological.
Etiology	The science of causes. Same as /tiology.
Etiquette	The forms required by good breeding, or prescribed by authority, to be observed in social or official life; observance of the proprieties of rank and occasion; conventional decorum; ceremonial code of polite society.
Etna	A kind of small, portable, cooking apparatus for which heat is furnished by a spirit lamp.
Etnean	Pertaining to Etna, a volcanic mountain in Sicily.
Etoile	See Estoile.
Etrurian	Of or relating to ancient Etruria, in Italy.
Etrurian	A native or inhabitant of ancient Etruria.
Etruscan	Of or relating to Etruria.
Etruscan	A native or inhabitant of Etruria.
Etter pike	The stingfish, or lesser weever (Tranchinus vipera).
Ettin	A giant.
Ettle	To earn. [Obs.] See Addle, to earn.
Etude	A composition in the fine arts which is intended, or may serve, for a study.
Etude	A study; an exercise; a piece for practice of some special point of technical execution.
Etui	A case for one or several small articles; esp., a box in which scissors, tweezers, and other articles of toilet or of daily use are carried.
Etwee	See Etui.
Etym	See Etymon.
Etymic	Relating to the etymon; as, an etymic word.
Etymologer	An etymologist.
Etymological	Pertaining to etymology, or the derivation of words.
Etymologicon	An etymological dictionary or manual.
Etymologist	One who investigates the derivation of words.
Etymologize	To give the etymology of; to trace to the root or primitive, as a word.
Etymologize	To search into the origin of words; to deduce words from their simple roots.
Etymologies	of Etymology
Etymology	That branch of philological science which treats of the history of words, tracing out their origin, primitive significance, and changes of form and meaning.
Etymology	That part of grammar which relates to the changes in the form of the words in a language; inflection.
Etymons	of Etymon
Etyma	of Etymon
Etymon	An original form; primitive word; root.
Etymon	Original or fundamental signification.
Etypical	Diverging from, or lacking conformity to, a type.
Eu	A prefix used frequently in composition, signifying well, good, advantageous; -- the opposite of dys-.
Eucairite	A metallic mineral, a selenide of copper and silver; -- so called by Berzelius on account of its being found soon after the discovery of the metal selenium.
Eucalyn	An unfermentable sugar, obtained as an uncrystallizable sirup by the decomposition of melitose; also obtained from a Tasmanian eucalyptus, -- whence its name.
Eucalyptol	A volatile, terpenelike oil extracted from the eucalyptus, and consisting largely of cymene.
Eucalyptus	A myrtaceous genus of trees, mostly Australian. Many of them grow to an immense height, one or two species exceeding the height even of the California Sequoia.
Eucharis	A genus of South American amaryllidaceous plants with large and beautiful white blossoms.
Eucharist	The act of giving thanks; thanksgiving.
Eucharist	The sacrament of the Lord's Supper; the solemn act of ceremony of commemorating the death of Christ, in the use of bread and wine, as the appointed emblems; the communion.
Eucharistic	Alt. of Eucharistical
Eucharistical	Giving thanks; expressing thankfulness; rejoicing.
Eucharistical	Pertaining to the Lord's Supper.
Euchite	One who resolves religion into prayer.
Euchloric	Relating to, or consisting of, euchlorine; as, euchloric /.
Euchlorine	A yellow or greenish yellow gas, first prepared by Davy, evolved from potassium chlorate and hydrochloric acid. It is supposed to consist of chlorine tetroxide with some free chlorine.
Euchologion	Alt. of Euchology
Euchology	A formulary of prayers; the book of offices in the Greek Church, containing the liturgy, sacraments, and forms of prayers.
Euchologue	Euchology.
Euchre	A game at cards, that may be played by two, three, or four persons, the highest card (except when an extra card called the Joker is used) being the knave of the same suit as the trump, and called right bower, the lowest card used being the seven, or frequently, in two-handed euchre, the nine spot. See Bower.
Euchre	To defeat, in a game of euchre, the side that named the trump.
Euchre	To defeat or foil thoroughly in any scheme.
Euchroic	Having a fine color.
Euchroite	A mineral occurring in transparent emerald green crystals. It is hydrous arseniate of copper.
Euchrone	A substance obtained from euchroic acid. See Eychroic.
Euchymy	A good state of the blood and other fluids of the body.
Euclase	A brittle gem occurring in light green, transparent crystals, affording a brilliant clinodiagonal cleavage. It is a silicate of alumina and glucina.
Euclid	A Greek geometer of the 3d century b. c.; also, his treatise on geometry, and hence, the principles of geometry, in general.
Euclidian	Related to Euclid, or to the geometry of Euclid.
Eucopepoda	A group which includes the typical copepods and the lerneans.
Eucrasy	Such a due mixture of qualities in bodies as constitutes health or soundness.
Euctical	Expecting a wish; supplicatory.
Eudemon	Alt. of Eudaemon
Eudaemon	A good angel.
Eudemonics	Alt. of Eudaemonics
Eudaemonics	That part of moral philosophy which treats of happiness; the science of happiness; -- contrasted with aretaics.
Eudemonism	Alt. of Eudaemonism
Eudaemonism	That system of ethics which defines and enforces moral obligation by its relation to happiness or personal well-being.
Eudemonist	Alt. of Eudaemonist
Eudaemonist	One who believes in eudemonism.
Eudemonistic	Alt. of Eudaemonistic
Eudaemonistic	Of or pertaining to eudemonism.
Eudemonistical	Alt. of Eudaemonistical
Eudaemonistical	Eudemonistic.
Eudialyte	A mineral of a brownish red color and vitreous luster, consisting chiefly of the silicates of iron, zirconia, and lime.
Eudiometer	An instrument for the volumetric measurement of gases; -- so named because frequently used to determine the purity of the air.
Eudiometric	Alt. of Eudiometrical
Eudiometrical	Of or pertaining to a eudiometer; as, eudiometrical experiments or results.
Eudiometry	The art or process of determining the constituents of a gaseous mixture by means of the eudiometer, or for ascertaining the purity of the air or the amount of oxygen in it.
Eudipleura	The fundamental forms of organic life, that are composed of two equal and symmetrical halves.
Eudoxian	A follower of Eudoxius, patriarch of Antioch and Constantinople in the 4th century, and a celebrated defender of the doctrines of Arius.
Euganoidei	A group which includes the bony ganoids, as the gar pikes.
Euge	Applause.
Eugenia	A genus of myrtaceous plants, mostly of tropical countries, and including several aromatic trees and shrubs, among which are the trees which produce allspice and cloves of commerce.
Eugenic	Pertaining to, or derived from, cloves; as, eugenic acid.
Eugenic	Well-born; of high birth.
Eugenics	The science of improving stock, whether human or animal.
Eugenin	A colorless, crystalline substance extracted from oil of cloves; -- called also clove camphor.
Eugenol	A colorless, aromatic, liquid hydrocarbon, C10H12O2 resembling the phenols, and hence also called eugenic acid. It is found in the oils of pimento and cloves.
Eugeny	Nobleness of birth.
Eugetic	Alt. of Eugetinic
Eugetinic	Pertaining to, or derived from, eugenol; as, eugetic acid.
Eugh	The yew.
Eugubian	Alt. of Eugubine
Eugubine	Of or pertaining to the ancient town of Eugubium (now Gubbio); as, the Eugubine tablets, or tables, or inscriptions.
Euharmonic	Producing mathematically perfect harmony or concord; sweetly or perfectly harmonious.
Euhemerism	The theory, held by Euhemerus, that the gods of mythology were but deified mortals, and their deeds only the amplification in imagination of human acts.
Euhemerist	One who advocates euhemerism.
Euhemeristic	Of or pertaining to euhemerism.
Euhemerize	To interpret (mythology) on the theory of euhemerism.
Euisopoda	A group which includes the typical Isopoda.
Eulachon	The candlefish. [Written also oulachan, oolacan, and ulikon.] See Candlefish.
Eulerian	Pertaining to Euler, a German mathematician of the 18th century.
Eulogic	Alt. of Eulogical
Eulogical	Bestowing praise of eulogy; commendatory; eulogistic.
Eulogist	One who eulogizes or praises; panegyrist; encomiast.
Eulogistic	Alt. of Eulogistical
Eulogistical	Of or pertaining to eulogy; characterized by eulogy; bestowing praise; panegyrical; commendatory; laudatory; as, eulogistic speech or discourse.
Eulogiums	of Eulogium
Eulogium	A formal eulogy.
Eulogized	of Eulogize
Eulogizing	of Eulogize
Eulogize	To speak or write in commendation of (another); to extol in speech or writing; to praise.
Eulogies	of Eulogy
Eulogy	A speech or writing in commendation of the character or services of a person; as, a fitting eulogy to worth.
Eulytite	A mineral, consisting chiefly of the silicate of bismuth, found at Freiberg; -- called also culytine.
Eumenides	A euphemistic name for the Furies of Erinyes.
Eumolpus	A genus of small beetles, one species of which (E. viti) is very injurious to the vines in the wine countries of Europe.
Eunomian	A follower of Eunomius, bishop of Cyzicus (4th century A. D.), who held that Christ was not God but a created being, having a nature different from that of the Father.
Eunomian	Of or pertaining to Eunomius or his doctrine.
Eunomy	Equal law, or a well-adjusted constitution of government.
Eunuch	A male of the human species castrated; commonly, one of a class of such persons, in Oriental countries, having charge of the women's apartments. Some of them, in former times, gained high official rank.
Eunuch	Alt. of Eunuchate
Eunuchate	To make a eunuch of; to castrate. as a man.
Eunuchism	The state of being eunuch.
Euonymin	A principle or mixture of principles derived from Euonymus atropurpureus, or spindle tree.
Euonymus	A genus of small European and American trees; the spindle tree. The bark is used as a cathartic.
Euornithes	The division of Aves which includes all the typical birds, or all living birds except the penguins and birds of ostrichlike form.
Euosmitte	A fossil resin, so called from its strong, peculiar, pleasant odor.
Eupathy	Right feeling.
Eupatorin Eupatorine	A principle or mixture of principles extracted from various species of Eupatorium.
Eupatorium	A genus of perennial, composite herbs including hemp agrimony, boneset, throughwort, etc.
Eupatrid	One well born, or of noble birth.
Eupepsia	Alt. of Eupepsy
Eupepsy	Soundness of the nutritive or digestive organs; good concoction or digestion; -- opposed to dyspepsia.
Eupeptic	Of or pertaining to good digestion; easy of digestion; having a good digestion; as, eupeptic food; an eupeptic man.
Euphemism	A figure in which a harts or indelicate word or expression is softened; a way of describing an offensive thing by an inoffensive expression; a mild name for something disagreeable.
Euphemistic	Alt. of Euphemistical
Euphemistical	Pertaining to euphemism; containing a euphemism; softened in expression.
Euphemized	of Euphemize
Euphemizing	of Euphemize
Euphemize	To express by a euphemism, or in delicate language; to make use of euphemistic expressions.
Euphoniad	An instrument in which are combined the characteristic tones of the organ and various other instruments.
Euphonic	Alt. of Euphonical
Euphonical	Pertaining to, or exhibiting, euphony; agreeable in sound; pleasing to the ear; euphonious; as, a euphonic expression; euphonical orthography.
Euphonicon	A kind of upright piano.
Euphonious	Pleasing or sweet in sound; euphonic; smooth-sounding.
Euphonism	An agreeable combination of sounds; euphony.
Euphonium	A bass instrument of the saxhorn family.
Euphonize	To make euphonic.
Euphonon	An instrument resembling the organ in tine and the upright piano in form. It is characterized by great strength and sweetness of tone.
Euphonous	Euphonious.
Euphonies	of Euphony
Euphony	A pleasing or sweet sound; an easy, smooth enunciation of sounds; a pronunciation of letters and syllables which is pleasing to the ear.
Euphorbia	Spurge, or bastard spurge, a genus of plants of many species, mostly shrubby, herbaceous succulents, affording an acrid, milky juice. Some of them are armed with thorns. Most of them yield powerful emetic and cathartic products.
Euphorbiaceous	Alt. of Euphorbial
Euphorbial	Of, relating to, or resembling, the Euphorbia family.
Euphorbin Euphorbine	A principle, or mixture of principles, derived from various species of Euphorbia.
Euphorbium	An inodorous exudation, usually in the form of yellow tears, produced chiefly by the African Euphorbia resinifrea. It was formerly employed medicinally, but was found so violent in its effects that its use is nearly abandoned.
Euphotide	A rock occurring in the Alps, consisting of saussurite and smaragdite; -- sometimes called gabbro.
Euphrasy	The plant eyesight (euphrasia officionalis), formerly regarded as beneficial in disorders of the eyes.
Euphroe	A block or long slat of wood, perforated for the passage of the crowfoot, or cords by which an awning is held up.
Euphuism	An affectation of excessive elegance and refinement of language; high-flown diction.
Euphuist	One who affects excessive refinement and elegance of language; -- applied esp. to a class of writers, in the age of Elizabeth, whose productions are marked by affected conceits and high-flown diction.
Euphuistic	Belonging to the euphuists, or euphuism; affectedly refined.
Euphuize	To affect excessive refinement in language; to be overnice in expression.
Eupione	A limpid, oily liquid obtained by the destructive distillation of various vegetable and animal substances; -- specifically, an oil consisting largely of the higher hydrocarbons of the paraffin series.
Eupittone	A yellow, crystalline substance, resembling aurin, and obtained by the oxidation of pittacal; -- called also eupittonic acid.
Eupittonic	Pertaining to, or derived from, eupittone.
Euplastic	Having the capacity of becoming organizable in a high degree, as the matter forming the false membranes which sometimes result from acute inflammation in a healthy person.
Euplastic	Organizable substance by which the tissues of an animal body are renewed.
Euplectella	A genus of elegant, glassy sponges, consisting of interwoven siliceous fibers, and growing in the form of a cornucopia; -- called also Venus's flower-basket.
Euplexoptera	An order of insects, including the earwig. The anterior wings are short, in the form of elytra, while the posterior wings fold up beneath them. See Earwig.
Eupnaea	Normal breathing where arterialization of the blood is normal, in distinction from dyspnaea, in which the blood is insufficiently arterialized.
Eupryion	A contrivance for obtaining a light instantaneous, as a lucifer match.
Eurasian	A child of a European parent on the one side and an Asiatic on the other.
Eurasian	One born of European parents in Asia.
Eurasian	Of European and Asiatic descent; of or pertaining to both Europe and Asia; as, the great Eurasian plain.
Eurasiatio	Of or pertaining to the continents of Europe and Asia combined.
Eureka	The exclamation attributed to Archimedes, who is said to have cried out "Eureka! eureka!" (I have found it! I have found it!), upon suddenly discovering a method of finding out how much the gold of King Hiero's crown had been alloyed. Hence, an expression of triumph concerning a discovery.
Eurhipidurous	Having a fanlike tail; belonging to the Eurhipidurae, a division of Aves which includes all living birds.
Euripize	To whirl hither and thither.
Euripus	A strait; a narrow tract of water, where the tide, or a current, flows and reflows with violence, as the ancient fright of this name between Eubaea and Baeotia. Hence, a flux and reflux.
Euritte	A compact feldspathic rock; felsite. See Felsite.
Euritic	Of or pelating to eurite.
Euroclydon	A tempestuous northeast wind which blows in the Mediterranean. See Levanter.
European	Of or pertaining to Europe, or to its inhabitants.
European	A native or an inhabitant of Europe.
Europeanize	To cause to become like the Europeans in manners or character; to habituate or accustom to European usages.
Eurus	The east wind.
Euryale	A genus of water lilies, growing in India and China. The only species (E. ferox) is very prickly on the peduncles and calyx. The rootstocks and seeds are used as food.
Euryale	A genus of ophiurans with much-branched arms.
Euryalida	A tribe of Ophiuroidea, including the genera Euryale, Astrophyton, etc. They generally have the arms branched. See Astrophyton.
Eurycerous	Having broad horns.
Eurypteroid	Like, or pertaining to, the genus Euryperus.
Eurypteroidea	An extinct order of Merostomata, of which the genus Eurypterus is the type. They are found only in Paleozoic rocks.
Eurypterus	A genus of extinct Merostomata, found in Silurian rocks. Some of the species are more than three feet long.
Eurythmy	Just or harmonious proportion or movement, as in the composition of a poem, an edifice, a painting, or a statue.
Eurythmy	Regularly of the pulse.
Eusebian	A follower of Eusebius, bishop of Caesarea, who was a friend and protector of Arius.
Eustachian	Discovered by Eustachius.
Eustachian	Pertaining to the Eustachian tube; as, Eustachian catheter.
Eustyle	See Intercolumnlation.
Eutaxy	Good or established order or arrangement.
Euterpe	The Muse who presided over music.
Euterpe	A genus of palms, some species of which are elegant trees.
Euterpean	Of or pertaining to Euterpe or to music.
Euthanasia	An easy death; a mode of dying to be desired.
Euthanasy	Same as Euthanasia.
Euthiochroic	Pertaining to, or denoting, an acid so called.
Euthyneura	A large division of gastropod molluske, including the Pulmonifera and Opisthobranchiata.
Eutrophy	Healthy nutrition; soundless as regards the nutritive functions.
Eutychian	A follower of Eutyches [5th century], who held that the divine and the human in the person of Christ were blended together as to constitute but one nature; a monophysite; -- opposed to Nestorian.
Eutychianism	The doctrine of Eutyches and his followers.
Euxanthic	Having a yellow color; pertaining to, derived from, or resembling, euxanthin.
Euxanthin	A yellow pigment imported from India and China. It has a strong odor, and is said to be obtained from the urine of herbivorous animals when fed on the mango.  It consists if a magnesium salt of euxanthic acid. Called also puri, purree, and Indian yellow.
Euxenite	A brownish black mineral with a metallic luster, found in Norway. It contains niobium, titanium, yttrium, and uranium, with some other metals.
Evacate	To empty.
Evacuant	Emptying; evacuative; purgative; cathartic.
Evacuant	A purgative or cathartic.
Evacuated	of Evacuate
Evacuating	of Evacuate
Evacuate	To make empty; to empty out; to remove the contents of; as, to evacuate a vessel or dish.
Evacuate	Fig.: To make empty; to deprive.
Evacuate	To remove; to eject; to void; to discharge, as the contents of a vessel, or of the bowels.
Evacuate	To withdraw from; to quit; to retire from; as, soldiers from a country, city, or fortress.
Evacuate	To make void; to nullify; to vacate; as, to evacuate a contract or marriage.
Evacuate	To let blood
Evacuation	The act of emptying, clearing of the contents, or discharging.
Evacuation	Withdrawal of troops from a town, fortress, etc.
Evacuation	Voidance of any matter by the natural passages of the body or by an artificial opening; defecation; also, a diminution of the fluids of an animal body by cathartics, venesection, or other means.
Evacuation	That which is evacuated or discharged; especially, a discharge by stool or other natural means.
Evacuation	Abolition; nullification.
Evacuative	Serving of tending to evacuate; cathartic; purgative.
Evacuator	One who evacuates; a nullifier.
Evacuatory	A purgative.
Evaded	of Evade
Evading	of Evade
Evade	To get away from by artifice; to avoid by dexterity, subterfuge, address, or ingenuity; to elude; to escape from cleverly; as, to evade a blow, a pursuer, a punishment; to evade the force of an argument.
Evade	To escape; to slip away; -- sometimes with from.
Evade	To attempt to escape; to practice artifice or sophistry, for the purpose of eluding.
Evadible	Capable of being evaded.
Evagation	A wandering about; excursion; a roving.
Evagination	The act of unsheathing.
Eval	Relating to time or duration.
Evaluate	To fix the value of; to rate; to appraise.
Evaluation	Valuation; appraisement.
Evanesced	of Evanesce
Evanescing	of Evanesce
Evanesce	To vanish away; to become dissipated and disappear, like vapor.
Evanescence	The act or state of vanishing away; disappearance; as, the evanescence of vapor, of a dream, of earthly plants or hopes.
Evanescent	Liable to vanish or pass away like vapor; vanishing; fleeting; as, evanescent joys.
Evanescent	Vanishing from notice; imperceptible.
Evanescently	; imperceptibly.
Evangel	Good news; announcement of glad tidings; especially, the gospel, or a gospel.
Evangelian	Rendering thanks for favors.
Evangelic	Belonging to, or contained in, the gospel; evangelical.
Evangelical	Contained in, or relating to, the four Gospels; as, the evangelical history.
Evangelical	Belonging to, agreeable or consonant to, or contained in, the gospel, or the truth taught in the New Testament; as, evangelical religion.
Evangelical	Earnest for the truth taught in the gospel; strict in interpreting Christian doctrine; preeminetly orthodox; -- technically applied to that party in the Church of England, and in the Protestant Episcopal Church, which holds the doctrine of "Justification by Faith alone"; the Low Church party. The term is also applied to other religion bodies not regarded as orthodox.
Evangelical	One of evangelical principles.
Evangelicalism	Adherence to evangelical doctrines; evangelism.
Evangelically	In an evangelical manner.
Evangelicalness	State of being evangelical.
Evangelicism	Evangelical principles; evangelism.
Evangelicity	Evangelicism.
Evangelism	The preaching or promulgation of the gospel.
Evangelist	A bringer of the glad tidings of Church and his doctrines. Specially: (a) A missionary preacher sent forth to prepare the way for a resident pastor; an itinerant missionary preacher. (b) A writer of one of the four Gospels (With the definite article); as, the four evangelists, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. (c) A traveling preacher whose efforts are chiefly directed to arouse to immediate repentance.
Evangelistary	A selection of passages from the Gospels, as a lesson in divine service.
Evangelistic	Pertaining to the four evangelists; designed or fitted to evangelize; evangelical; as, evangelistic efforts.
Evangelization	The act of evangelizing; the state of being evangelized.
Evangelized	of Evangelize
Evangelizing	of Evangelize
Evangelize	To instruct in the gospel; to preach the gospel to; to convert to Christianity; as, to evangelize the world.
Evangelize	To preach the gospel.
Evangely	Evangel.
Evangile	Good tidings; evangel.
Evanid	Liable to vanish or disappear; faint; weak; evanescent; as, evanid color.
Evanish	To vanish.
Evanishment	A vanishing; disappearance.
Evaporable	Capable of being converted into vapor, or dissipated by evaporation.
Evaporated	of Evaporate
Evaporating	of Evaporate
Evaporate	To pass off in vapor, as a fluid; to escape and be dissipated, either in visible vapor, or in practice too minute to be visible.
Evaporate	To escape or pass off without effect; to be dissipated; to be wasted, as, the spirit of writer often evaporates in the process of translation.
Evaporate	To convert from a liquid or solid state into vapor (usually) by the agency of heat; to dissipate in vapor or fumes.
Evaporate	To expel moisture from (usually by means of artificial heat), leaving the solid portion; to subject to evaporation; as, to evaporate apples.
Evaporate	To give vent to; to dissipate.
Evaporate	Dispersed in vapors.
Evaporation	The process by which any substance is converted from a liquid state into, and carried off in, vapor; as, the evaporation of water, of ether, of camphor.
Evaporation	The transformation of a portion of a fluid into vapor, in order to obtain the fixed matter contained in it in a state of greater consistence.
Evaporation	That which is evaporated; vapor.
Evaporation	See Vaporization.
Evaporaive	Pertaining to, or producing, evaporation; as, the evaporative process.
Evaporator	An apparatus for condensing vegetable juices, or for drying fruit by heat.
Evaporometer	An instrument for ascertaining the quantity of a fluid evaporated in a given time; an atmometer.
Evasible	That may be evaded.
Evasion	The act of eluding or avoiding, particularly the pressure of an argument, accusation, charge, or interrogation; artful means of eluding.
Evasive	Tending to evade, or marked by evasion; elusive; shuffling; avoiding by artifice.
Eve	Evening.
Eve	The evening before a holiday, -- from the Jewish mode of reckoning the day as beginning at sunset. not at midnight; as, Christians eve is the evening before Christmas; also, the period immediately preceding some important event.
Evectics	The branch of medical science which teaches the method of acquiring a good habit of body.
Evection	The act of carrying up or away; exaltation.
Evection	An inequality of the moon's motion is its orbit to the attraction of the sun, by which the equation of the center is diminished at the syzygies, and increased at the quadratures by about 1¡ 20'.
Evection	The libration of the moon.
Even	Evening. See Eve, n. 1.
Even	Level, smooth, or equal in surface; not rough; free from irregularities; hence uniform in rate of motion of action; as, even ground; an even speed; an even course of conduct.
Even	Equable; not easily ruffed or disturbed; calm; uniformly self-possessed; as, an even temper.
Even	Parallel; on a level; reaching the same limit.
Even	Balanced; adjusted; fair; equitable; impartial; just to both side; owing nothing on either side; -- said of accounts, bargains, or persons indebted; as, our accounts are even; an even bargain.
Even	Without an irregularity, flaw, or blemish; pure.
Even	Associate; fellow; of the same condition.
Even	Not odd; capable of division by two without a remainder; -- said of numbers; as, 4 and 10 are even numbers.
Evened	of Even
Evening	of Even
Even	To make even or level; to level; to lay smooth.
Even	To equal
Even	To place in an equal state, as to obligation, or in a state in which nothing is due on either side; to balance, as accounts; to make quits.
Even	To set right; to complete.
Even	To act up to; to keep pace with.
Even	To be equal.
Even	In an equal or precisely similar manner; equally; precisely; just; likewise; as well.
Even	Up to, or down to, an unusual measure or level; so much as; fully; quite.
Even	As might not be expected; -- serving to introduce what is unexpected or less expected.
Even	At the very time; in the very case.
Evene	To happen.
Evener	One who, or that which makes even.
Evener	In vehicles, a swinging crossbar, to the ends of which other crossbars, or whiffletrees, are hung, to equalize the draught when two or three horses are used abreast.
Evenfall	Beginning of evening.
Evenhand	Equality.
Evenhanded	Fair or impartial; unbiased.
Evening	The latter part and close of the day, and the beginning of darkness or night; properly, the decline of the day, or of the sum.
Evening	The latter portion, as of life; the declining period, as of strength or glory.
Evenly	With an even, level, or smooth surface; without roughness, elevations, or depression; uniformly; equally; comfortably; impartially; serenely.
Evenminded	Having equanimity.
Evenness	The state of being ven, level, or disturbed; smoothness; horizontal position; uniformity; impartiality; calmness; equanimity; appropriate place or level; as, evenness of surface, of a fluid at rest, of motion, of dealings, of temper, of condition.
Evensong	A song for the evening; the evening service or form of worship (in the Church of England including vespers and compline); also, the time of evensong.
Event	That which comes, arrives, or happens; that which falls out; any incident, good or bad.
Event	An affair in hand; business; enterprise.
Event	The consequence of anything; the issue; conclusion; result; that in which an action, operation, or series of operations, terminates.
Event	To break forth.
Eventerate	To rip open; todisembowel.
Eventful	Full of, or rich in, events or incidents; as, an eventful journey; an eventful period of history; an eventful period of life.
Eventide	The time of evening; evening.
Eventilate	To winnow out; to fan.
Eventilate	To discuss; to ventilate.
Eventilation	The act of eventilating; discussion.
Eventless	Without events; tame; monotomous; marked by nothing unusual; uneventful.
Eventognathi	An order of fishes including a vast number of freshwater species such as the carp, loach, chub, etc.
Eventration	A tumor containing a large portion of the abdominal viscera, occasioned by relaxation of the walls of the abdomen.
Eventration	A wound, of large extent, in the abdomen, through which the greater part of the intestines protrude.
Eventration	The act af disemboweling.
Eventtual	Coming or happening as a consequence or result; consequential.
Eventtual	Final; ultimate.
Eventtual	Dependent on events; contingent.
Eventualities	of Eventuality
Eventuality	The coming as a consequence; contingency; also, an event which comes as a consequence.
Eventuality	Disposition to take cognizance of events.
Eventually	In an eventual manner; finally; ultimately.
Eventuated	of Eventuate
Eventuating	of Eventuate
Eventuate	To come out finally or in conclusion; to result; to come to pass.
Eventuation	The act of eventuating or happening as a result; the outcome.
Ever	At any time; at any period or point of time.
Ever	At all times; through all time; always; forever.
Ever	Without cessation; continually.
Everduring	Everlasting.
Everglade	A swamp or low tract of land inundated with water and interspersed with hummocks, or small islands, and patches of high grass; as, the everglades of Florida.
Evergreen	Remaining unwithered through the winter, or retaining unwithered leaves until the leaves of the next year are expanded, as pines cedars, hemlocks, and the like.
Evergreen	An evergreen plant.
Evergreen	Twigs and branches of evergreen plants used for decoration.
Everich	Alt. of Everych
Everych	each one; every one; each of two. See Every.
Everichon	Alt. of Everychon
Everychon	Every one.
Everlasting	Lasting or enduring forever; exsisting or continuing without end; immoral; eternal.
Everlasting	Continuing indefinitely, or during a long period; perpetual; sometimes used, colloquially, as a strong intensive; as, this everlasting nonsence.
Enerlasting	Eternal duration, past of future; eternity.
Enerlasting	(With the definite article) The Eternal Being; God.
Enerlasting	A plant whose flowers may be dried without losing their form or color, as the pearly everlasting (Anaphalis margaritacea), the immortelle of the French, the cudweeds, etc.
Enerlasting	A cloth fabic for shoes, etc. See Lasting.
Everlastingly	In an everlasting manner.
Everlastingness	The state of being everlasting; endless duration; indefinite duration.
Everliving	Living always; immoral; eternal; as, the everliving God.
Everliving	Continual; incessant; unintermitted.
Evermore	During eternity; always; forever; for an indefinite period; at all times; -- often used substantively with for.
Evernic	Pertaining to Evernia, a genus of lichens; as, evernic acid.
Everse	To overthrow or subvert.
Eversion	The act of eversing; destruction.
Eversion	The state of being turned back or outward; as, eversion of eyelids; ectropium.
Eversive	Tending to evert or overthrow; subversive; with of.
Everted	of Evert
Everting	of Evert
Evert	To overthrow; to subvert.
Evert	To turn outwards, or inside out, as an intestine.
Every	All the parts which compose a whole collection or aggregate number, considered in their individuality, all taken separately one by one, out of an indefinite bumber.
Every	Every one.  Cf.
Everybody	Every person.
Everyday	Used or fit for every day; common; usual; as, an everyday suit or clothes.
Everyone	Everybody; -- commonly separated, every one.
Everything	Whatever pertains to the subject under consideration; all things.
Everywhen	At any or all times; every instant.
Everywhere	In every place; in all places; hence, in every part; throughly; altogether.
Everywhereness	Ubiquity; omnipresence.
Evesdrop	See Eavesdrop.
Evesdropper	See Eavesdropper.
Evestigate	To investigate.
Evet	The common newt or eft. In America often applied to several species of aquatic salamanders.
Evibrate	To vibrate.
Evicted	of Evict
Evicting	of Evict
Evict	To dispossess by a judicial process; to dispossess by paramount right or claim of such right; to eject; to oust.
Evict	To evince; to prove.
Eviction	The act or process of evicting; or state of being evicted; the recovery of lands, tenements, etc., from another's possession by due course of law; dispossession by paramount title or claim of such title; ejectment; ouster.
Eviction	Conclusive evidence; proof.
Evidence	That which makes evident or manifest; that which furnishes, or tends to furnish, proof; any mode of proof; the ground of belief or judgement; as, the evidence of our senses; evidence of the truth or falsehood of a statement.
Evidence	One who bears witness.
Evidence	That which is legally submitted to competent tribunal, as a means of ascertaining the truth of any alleged matter of fact under investigation before it; means of making proof; -- the latter, strictly speaking, not being synonymous with evidence, but rather the effect of it.
Evidenced	of Evidence
Evidencing	of Evidence
Evidence	To render evident or clear; to prove; to evince; as, to evidence a fact, or the guilt of an offender.
Evidencer	One whi gives evidence.
Evident	Clear to the vision; especially, clear to the understanding, and satisfactory to the judgment; as, the figure or color of a body is evident to the senses; the guilt of an offender can not always be made evident.
Evidential	Relating to, or affording, evidence; indicative; especially, relating to the evidences of Christianity.
Evidentiary	Furnishing evidence; asserting; proving; evidential.
Evidently	In an evident manner; clearly; plainly.
Evidentness	State of being evident.
Evigilation	A waking up or awakening.
Evil	Having qualities tending to injury and mischief; having a nature or properties which tend to badness; mischievous; not good; worthless or deleterious; poor; as, an evil beast; and evil plant; an evil crop.
Evil	Having or exhibiting bad moral qualities; morally corrupt; wicked; wrong; vicious; as, evil conduct, thoughts, heart, words, and the like.
Evil	Producing or threatening sorrow, distress, injury, or calamity; unpropitious; calamitous; as, evil tidings; evil arrows; evil days.
Evil	Anything which impairs the happiness of a being or deprives a being of any good; anything which causes suffering of any kind to sentient beings; injury; mischief; harm; -- opposed to good.
Evil	Moral badness, or the deviation of a moral being from the principles of virtue imposed by conscience, or by the will of the Supreme Being, or by the principles of a lawful human authority; disposition to do wrong; moral offence; wickedness; depravity.
Evil	malady or disease; especially in the phrase king's evil, the scrofula.
Evil	In an evil manner; not well; ill; badly; unhappily; injuriously; unkindly.
Evil eye	See Evil eye under Evil, a.
Evil-eyed	Possessed of the supposed evil eye; also, looking with envy, jealousy, or bad design; malicious.
Evil-favored	Having a bad countenance or appearance; ill-favored; blemished; deformed.
Evilly	In an evil manner; not well; ill.
Evil-minded	Having evil dispositions or intentions; disposed to mischief or sin; malicious; malignant; wicked.
Evilness	The condition or quality of being evil; badness; viciousness; malignity; vileness; as, evilness of heart; the evilness of sin.
Evinced	of Evince
Evincing	of Evince
Evince	To conquer; to subdue.
Evince	To show in a clear manner; to prove beyond any reasonable doubt; to manifest; to make evident; to bring to light; to evidence.
Evincement	The act of evincing or proving, or the state of being evinced.
Evincible	Capable of being proved or clearly brought to light; demonstrable.
Evincive	Tending to prove; having the power to demonstrate; demonstrative; indicative.
Evirate	To emasculate; to dispossess of manhood.
Eviration	Castration.
Eviscerated	of Eviscerate
Eviscerating	of Eviscerate
Eviscerate	To take out the entrails of; to disembowel; to gut.
Evisceration	A disemboweling.
Evitable	Avoidable.
Evitate	To shun; to avoid.
Evitation	A shunning; avoidance.
Evite	To shun.
Eviternal	Eternal; everlasting.
Eviternity	Eternity.
Evocate	To call out or forth; to summon; to evoke.
Evocation	The act of calling out or forth.
Evocative	Calling forth; serving to evoke; developing.
Evocator	One who calls forth.
Evoked	of Evoke
Evoking	of Evoke
Evoke	To call out; to summon forth.
Evoke	To call away; to remove from one tribunal to another.
Evolatic	Alt. of Evolatical
Evolatical	Apt to fly away.
Evolation	A flying out or up.
Evolute	A curve from which another curve, called the involute or evolvent, is described by the end of a thread gradually wound upon the former, or unwound from it. See Involute. It is the locus of the centers of all the circles which are osculatory to the given curve or evolvent.
Evolutility	The faculty possessed by all substances capable of self-nourishment of manifesting the nutritive acts by changes of form, of volume, or of structure.
Evolution	The act of unfolding or unrolling; hence, in the process of growth; development; as, the evolution of a flower from a bud, or an animal from the egg.
Evolution	A series of things unrolled or unfolded.
Evolution	The formation of an involute by unwrapping a thread from a curve as an evolute.
Evolution	The extraction of roots; -- the reverse of involution.
Evolution	A prescribed movement of a body of troops, or a vessel or fleet; any movement designed to effect a new arrangement or disposition; a maneuver.
Evolution	A general name for the history of the steps by which any living organism has acquired the morphological and physiological characters which distinguish it; a gradual unfolding of successive phases of growth or development.
Evolution	That theory of generation which supposes the germ to preexist in the parent, and its parts to be developed, but not actually formed, by the procreative act; -- opposed to epigenesis.
Evolution	That series of changes under natural law which involves continuous progress from the homogeneous to the heterogeneous in structure, and from the single and simple to the diverse and manifold in quality or function. The pocess is by some limited to organic beings; by others it is applied to the inorganic and the psychical. It is also applied to explain the existence and growth of institutions, manners, language, civilization, and every product of human activity. The agencies and laws of the process are variously explained by different philosophrs.
Evolutional	Relating to evolution.
Evolutionary	Relating to evolution; as, evolutionary discussions.
Evolutionism	The theory of, or belief in, evolution. See Evolution, 6 and 7.
Evolutionist	One skilled in evolutions.
Evolutionist	one who holds the doctrine of evolution, either in biology or in metaphysics.
Evolved	of Evolve
Evolving	of Evolve
Evolve	To unfold or unroll; to open and expand; to disentangle and exhibit clearly and satisfactorily; to develop; to derive; to educe.
Evolve	To throw out; to emit; as, to evolve odors.
Evolve	To become open, disclosed, or developed; to pass through a process of evolution.
Evolvement	The act of evolving, or the state of being evolved; evolution.
Evolvent	The involute of a curve. See Involute, and Evolute.
Evomit	To vomit.
Evomition	The act of vomiting.
Evulgate	To publish abroad.
Evulgation	A divulging.
Evulsion	The act of plucking out; a rooting out.
Ew	A yew.
Ewe	The female of the sheep, and of sheeplike animals.
Ewe-necked	Having a neck like a ewe; -- said of horses in which the arch of the neck is deficent, being somewhat hollowed out.
Ewer	A kind of widemouthed pitcher or jug; esp., one used to hold water for the toilet.
Ewery	Alt. of Ewry
Ewry	An office or place of household service where the ewers were formerly kept.
Ewt	The newt.
Ex-	A prefix from the latin preposition, ex, akin to Gr. 'ex or 'ek signifying out of, out, proceeding from. Hence, in composition, it signifies out of, as, in exhale, exclude; off, from, or out. as in exscind; beyond, as, in excess, exceed, excel; and sometimes has a privative sense of without, as in exalbuminuos, exsanguinous. In some words, it intensifies the meaning; in others, it has little affect on the signification. It becomes ef- before f, as in effuse. The form e- occurs instead of ex- before b, d, g, l, m, n, r, and v, as in ebullient, emanate, enormous, etc. In words from the French it often appears as es-, sometimes as s- or e-; as, escape, scape, elite.  Ex-, prefixed to names implying office, station, condition, denotes that the person formerly held the office, or is out of the office or condition now; as, ex-president, ex-governor, ex-mayor, ex-convict. The Greek form 'ex becomes ex in English, as in exarch; 'ek becomes ec, as in eccentric.
Exacerrated	of Exacerbate
Exacerrating	of Exacerbate
Exacerbate	To render more violent or bitter; to irriate; to exasperate; to imbitter, as passions or disease.
Exacerbation	The act rendering more violent or bitter; the state of being exacerbated or intensified in violence or malignity; as, exacerbation of passion.
Exacerbation	A periodical increase of violence in a disease, as in remittent or continious fever; an increased energy of diseased and painful action.
Exacerbescence	Increase of irritation or violence, particularly the increase of a fever or disease.
Exacervation	The act of heaping up.
Exacinate	To remove the kernel form.
Exacination	Removal of the kernel.
Exact	Precisely agreeing with a standard, a fact, or the truth; perfectly conforming; neither exceeding nor falling short in any respect; true; correct; precise; as, the clock keeps exact time; he paid the exact debt; an exact copy of a letter; exact accounts.
Exact	Habitually careful to agree with a standard, a rule, or a promise; accurate; methodical; punctual; as, a man exact in observing an appointment; in my doings I was exact.
Exact	Precisely or definitely conceived or stated; strict.
Exacted	of Exact
Exacting	of Exact
Exact	To demand or require authoritatively or peremptorily, as a right; to enforce the payment of, or a yielding of; to compel to yield or to furnish; hence, to wrest, as a fee or reward when none is due; -- followed by from or of before the one subjected to exaction; as, to exact tribute, fees, obedience, etc., from or of some one.
Exact	To practice exaction.
Exacter	An exactor.
Exacting	Oppressive or unreasonably severe in making demands or requiring the exact fulfillment of obligations; harsh; severe.
Exaction	The act of demanding with authority, and compelling to pay or yield; compulsion to give or furnish; a levying by force; a driving to compliance; as, the exaction to tribute or of obedience; hence, extortion.
Exaction	That which is exacted; a severe tribute; a fee, reward, or contribution, demanded or levied with severity or injustice.
Exacritude	The quality of being exact; exactness.
Exactly	In an exact manner; precisely according to a rule, standard, or fact; accurately; strictly; correctly; nicely.
Exactness	The condition of being exact; accuracy; nicety; precision; regularity; as, exactness of jurgement or deportment.
Exactness	Careful observance of method and conformity to truth; as, exactness in accounts or business.
Exactor	One who exacts or demands by authority or right; hence, an extortioner; also, one unreasonably severe in injunctions or demands.
Exactress	A woman who is an exactor.
Exacuate	To whet or sharpen.
Exaeresis	In old writers, the operations concerned in the removal of parts of the body.
Exaggerated	of Exaggerate
Exaggerating	of Exaggerate
Exaggerate	To heap up; to accumulate.
Exaggerate	To amplify; to magnify; to enlarge beyond bounds or the truth ; to delineate extravagantly ; to overstate the truth concerning.
Exaggerated	Enlarged beyond bounds or the truth.
Exaggerating	That exaggerates; enlarging beyond bounds.
Exaggeration	The act of heaping or piling up.
Exaggeration	The act of exaggerating; the act of doing or representing in an excessive manner; a going beyond the bounds of truth reason, or justice; a hyperbolical representation; hyperbole; overstatement.
Exaggeration	A representation of things beyond natural life, in expression, beauty, power, vigor.
Exaggerative	Tending to exaggerate; involving exaggeration.
Exaggerator	One who exaggerates; one addicted to exaggeration.
Exaggeratory	Containing, or tending to, exaggeration; exaggerative.
Exagitate	To stir up; to agitate.
Exagitate	To satirize; to censure severely.
Exagitation	Agitation.
Exalbuminous	Having no albumen about the embryo; -- said of certain seeds.
Exalted	of Exalt
Exalting	of Exalt
Exalt	To raise high; to elevate; to lift up.
Exalt	To elevate in rank, dignity, power, wealth, character, or the like; to dignify; to promote; as, to exalt a prince to the throne, a citizen to the presidency.
Exalt	To elevate by prise or estimation; to magnify; to extol; to glorify.
Exalt	To lift up with joy, pride, or success; to inspire with delight or satisfaction; to elate.
Exalt	To elevate the tone of, as of the voice or a musical instrument.
Exalt	To render pure or refined; to intensify or concentrate; as, to exalt the juices of bodies.
Exaltate	Exercising its highest influence; -- said of a planet.
Exaltation	The act of exalting or raising high; also, the state of being exalted; elevation.
Exaltation	The refinement or subtilization of a body, or the increasing of its virtue or principal property.
Exaltation	That place of a planet in the zodiac in which it was supposed to exert its strongest influence.
Exalted	Raised to lofty height; elevated; extolled; refined; dignified; sublime.
Exalter	One who exalts or raises to dignity.
Exaltment	Exaltation.
Examen	Examination; inquiry.
Exametron	An hexameter.
Examinable	Capable of being examined or inquired into.
Examinant	One who examines; an examiner.
Examinant	One who is to be examined.
Examinate	A person subjected to examination.
Examination	The act of examining, or state of being examined; a careful search, investigation, or inquiry; scrutiny by study or experiment.
Examination	A process prescribed or assigned for testing qualification; as, the examination of a student, or of a candidate for admission to the bar or the ministry.
Examinator	An examiner.
Examined	of Examine
Examining	of Examine
Examine	To test by any appropriate method; to inspect carefully with a view to discover the real character or state of; to subject to inquiry or inspection of particulars for the purpose of obtaining a fuller insight into the subject of examination, as a material substance, a fact, a reason, a cause, the truth of a statement; to inquire or search into; to explore; as, to examine a mineral; to examine a ship to know whether she is seaworthy; to examine a proposition, theory, or question.
Examine	To interrogate as in a judicial proceeding; to try or test by question; as, to examine a witness in order to elicit testimony, a student to test his qualifications, a bankrupt touching the state of his property, etc.
Examinee	A person examined.
Examiner	One who examines, tries, or inspects; one who interrogates; an officer or person charged with the duty of making an examination; as, an examiner of students for a degree; an examiner in chancery, in the patent office, etc.
Examinership	The office or rank of an examiner.
Examining	Having power to examine; appointed to examine; as, an examining committee.
Examplary	Serving for example or pattern; exemplary.
Example	One or a portion taken to show the character or quality of the whole; a sample; a specimen.
Example	That which is to be followed or imitated as a model; a pattern or copy.
Example	That which resembles or corresponds with something else; a precedent; a model.
Example	That which is to be avoided; one selected for punishment and to serve as a warning; a warning.
Example	An instance serving for illustration of a rule or precept, especially a problem to be solved, or a case to be determined, as an exercise in the application of the rules of any study or branch of science; as, in trigonometry and   grammar, the principles and rules are illustrated by examples.
Exampled	of Example
Exampling	of Example
Example	To set an example for; to give a precedent for; to exemplify; to give an instance of; to instance.
Exampleless	Without or above example.
Exampler	A pattern; an exemplar.
Exampless	Exampleless. [Wrongly formed.]
Exanguious	Bloodless. [Obs.] See Exsanguious.
Exangulous	Having no corners; without angles.
Exanimate	Lifeless; dead.
Exanimate	Destitute of animation; spiritless; disheartened.
Exanimate	To deprive of animation or of life.
Exanimation	Deprivation of life or of spirits.
Exanimous	Lifeless; dead.
Exannulate	Having the sporangium destitute of a ring; -- said of certain genera of ferns.
Exanthem	Same as Exanthema.
Exanthemata	of Exanthema
Exanthema	An efflorescence or discoloration of the skin; an eruption or breaking out, as in measles, smallpox, scarlatina, and the like diseases; -- sometimes limited to eruptions attended with fever.
Exanthematic	Alt. of Exanthematous
Exanthematous	Of, relating to, or characterized by, exanthema; efflorescent; as, an exanthematous eruption.
Exanthesis	An eruption of the skin; cutaneous efflorescence.
Exantlate	To exhaust or wear out.
Exantlation	Act of drawing out ; exhaustion.
Exarate	To plow up; also, to engrave; to write.
Exaration	Act of plowing; also, act of writing.
Exarch	A viceroy; in Ravenna, the title of the viceroys of the Byzantine emperors; in the Eastern Church, the superior over several monasteries; in the modern Greek Church, a deputy of the patriarch , who visits the clergy, investigates ecclesiastical cases, etc.
Exarchate	The office or the province of an exarch.
Exarillate	Having no aril; -- said of certain seeds, or of the plants producing them.
Exarticulate	Having but one joint; -- said of certain insects.
Exarticulation	Luxation; the dislocation of a joint.
Exasperate	Exasperated; imbittered.
Exsasperated	of Exasperate
Exasperating	of Exasperate
Exasperate	To irritate in a high degree; to provoke; to enrage; to exscite or to inflame the anger of; as, to exasperate a person or his feelings.
Exasperate	To make grievous, or more grievous or malignant; to aggravate; to imbitter; as, to exasperate enmity.
Exasperater	One who exasperates or inflames anger, enmity, or violence.
Exasperation	The act of exasperating or the state of being exasperated; irritation; keen or bitter anger.
Exasperation	Increase of violence or malignity; aggravation; exacerbation.
Exaspidean	Having the anterior scute/ extending around the tarsus on the outer side, leaving the inner side naked; -- said of certain birds.
Exauctorate	See Exauthorate.
Exauctoration	See Exauthoration.
Exaugurate	To annul the consecration of; to secularize; to unhellow.
Exauguration	The act of exaugurating; desecration.
Exauthorate	To deprive of authority or office; to depose; to discharge.
Exauthoration	Deprivation of authority or dignity; degration.
Exauthorize	To deprive of uthority.
Exauthorize	To deprive of authority.
Excalceate	To deprive of shoes.
Excalceation	The act of depriving or divesting of shoes.
Excalfaction	A heating or warming; calefaction.
Excalfactive	Serving to heat; warming.
Excalfactory	Heating; warming.
Excalibur	The name of King Arthur's mythical sword.
Excamb	Alt. of Excambie
Excambie	To exchange; -- used with reference to transfers of land.
Excambion	Alt. of Excambium
Excambium	Exchange; barter; -- used commonly of lands.
Excandescence	A growing hot; a white or glowing heat; incandescence.
Excandescence	Violent anger; a growing angry.
Excandescent	White or glowing with heat.
Excantation	Disenchantment by a countercharm.
Excarnate	To deprive or clear of flesh.
Excarnation	The act of depriving or divesting of flesh; excarnification; -- opposed to incarnation.
Excarnificate	To clear of flesh; to excarnate.
Excarnification	The act of excarnificating or of depriving of flesh; excarnation.
Excavated	of Excavate
Excavating	of Excavate
Excavate	To hollow out; to form cavity or hole in; to make hollow by cutting, scooping, or digging; as, to excavate a ball; to excavate the earth.
Excavate	To form by hollowing; to shape, as a cavity, or anything that is hollow; as, to excavate a canoe, a cellar, a channel.
Excavate	To dig out and remove, as earth.
Excavation	The act of excavating, or of making hollow, by cutting, scooping, or digging out a part of a solid mass.
Excavation	A cavity formed by cutting, digging, or scooping.
Excavation	An uncovered cutting in the earth, in distinction from a covered cutting or tunnel.
Excavation	The material dug out in making a channel or cavity.
Excavator	One who, or that which, excavates or hollows out; a machine, as a dredging machine, or a tool, for excavating.
Excave	To excavate.
Excecate	To blind.
Excecation	The act of making blind.
Excedent	Excess.
Exceeded	of Exceed
Exceeding	of Exceed
Exceed	To go beyond; to proceed beyond the given or supposed limit or measure of; to outgo; to surpass; -- used both in a good and a bad sense; as, one man exceeds another in bulk, stature, weight, power, skill, etc.; one offender exceeds another in villainy; his rank exceeds yours.
Exceed	To go too far; to pass the proper bounds or measure.
Exceed	To be more or greater; to be paramount.
Exceedable	Capable of exceeding or surpassing.
Exceeder	One who exceeds.
Exceeding	More than usual; extraordinary; more than sufficient; measureless.
Exceeding	In a very great degree; extremely; exceedingly.
Exceedingly	To a very great degree; beyond what is usual; surpassingly. It signifies more than very.
Excelled	of Excel
Excelling	of Excel
Excel	To go beyond or surpass in good qualities or laudable deeds; to outdo or outgo, in a good sense.
Excel	To exceed or go beyond; to surpass.
Excel	To surpass others in good qualities, laudable actions, or acquirements; to be distinguished by superiority; as, to excel in mathematics, or classics.
Excellence	The quality of being excellent; state of possessing good qualities in an eminent degree; exalted merit; superiority in virtue.
Excellence	An excellent or valuable quality; that by which any one excels or is eminent; a virtue.
Excellence	A title of honor or respect; -- more common in the form excellency.
Excellencies	of Excellency
Excellency	Excellence; virtue; dignity; worth; superiority.
Excellency	A title of honor given to certain high dignitaries, esp. to viceroys, ministers, and ambassadors, to English colonial governors, etc. It was formerly sometimes given to kings and princes.
Excellent	Excelling; surpassing others in some good quality or the sum of qualities; of great worth; eminent, in a good sense; superior; as, an excellent man, artist, citizen, husband, discourse, book, song, etc.; excellent breeding, principles, aims, action.
Excellent	Superior in kind or degree, irrespective of moral quality; -- used with words of a bad significance.
Excellent	Excellently; eminently; exceedingly.
Excellently	In an excellent manner; well in a high degree.
Excellently	In a high or superior degree; -- in this literal use, not implying worthiness.
Excelsior	More lofty; still higher; ever upward.
Excelsior	A kind of stuffing for upholstered furniture, mattresses, etc., in which curled shreds of wood are substituted for curled hair.
Excentral	Out of the center.
Excentric	Alt. of Excentrical
Excentrical	Same as Eccentric, Eccentrical.
Excentrical	One-sided; having the normally central portion not in the true center.
Excentricity	Same as Eccentricity.
Excepted	of Except
Excepting	of Except
Except	To take or leave out (anything) from a number or a whole as not belonging to it; to exclude; to omit.
Except	To object to; to protest against.
Except	To take exception; to object; -- usually followed by to, sometimes by against; as, to except to a witness or his testimony.
Except	With exclusion of; leaving or left out; excepting.
Except	Unless; if it be not so that.
Exceptant	Making exception.
Excepting	With rejection or exception of; excluding; except.
Exception	The act of excepting or excluding; exclusion; restriction by taking out something which would otherwise be included, as in a class, statement, rule.
Exception	That which is excepted or taken out from others; a person, thing, or case, specified as distinct, or not included; as, almost every general rule has its exceptions.
Exception	An objection, oral or written, taken, in the course of an action, as to bail or security; or as to the decision of a judge, in the course of a trail, or in his charge to a jury; or as to lapse of time, or scandal, impertinence, or insufficiency in a pleading; also, as in conveyancing, a clause by which the grantor excepts something before granted.
Exception	An objection; cavil; dissent; disapprobation; offense; cause of offense; -- usually followed by to or against.
Exceptionable	Liable to exception or objection; objectionable.
Exceptional	Forming an exception; not ordinary; uncommon; rare; hence, better than the average; superior.
Exceptioner	One who takes exceptions or makes objections.
Exceptionless	Without exception.
Exceptious	Disposed or apt to take exceptions, or to object; captious.
Exceptive	That excepts; including an exception; as, an exceptive proposition.
Exceptless	Not exceptional; usual.
Exceptor	One who takes exceptions.
Excerebration	The act of removing or beating out the brains.
Excerebrose	Brainless.
Excern	To excrete; to throw off through the pores; as, fluids are excerned in perspiration.
Excernent	Connected with, or pertaining to, excretion.
Excerp	To pick out.
Excerpted	of Excerpt
Excerpting	of Excerpt
Excerpt	To select; to extract; to cite; to quote.
Excerpt	An extract; a passage selected or copied from a book or record.
Excerption	The act of excerpting or selecting.
Excerption	That which is selected or gleaned; an extract.
Excerptive	That excerpts, selects, or chooses.
Excerptor	One who makes excerpts; a picker; a culler.
Excess	The state of surpassing or going beyond limits; the being of a measure beyond sufficiency, necessity, or duty; that which exceeds what is usual or prover; immoderateness; superfluity; superabundance; extravagance; as, an excess of provisions or of light.
Excess	An undue indulgence of the appetite; transgression of proper moderation in natural gratifications; intemperance; dissipation.
Excess	The degree or amount by which one thing or number exceeds another; remainder; as, the difference between two numbers is the excess of one over the other.
Excessive	Characterized by, or exhibiting, excess; overmuch.
Exchange	The act of giving or taking one thing in return for another which is regarded as an equivalent; as, an exchange of cattle for grain.
Exchange	The act of substituting one thing in the place of another; as, an exchange of grief for joy, or of a scepter for a sword, and the like; also, the act of giving and receiving reciprocally; as, an exchange of civilities or views.
Exchange	The thing given or received in return; esp., a publication exchanged for another.
Exchange	The process of setting accounts or debts between parties residing at a distance from each other, without the intervention of money, by exchanging orders or drafts, called bills of exchange. These may be drawn in one country and payable in another, in which case they are called foreign bills; or they may be drawn and made payable in the same country, in which case they are called inland bills. The term bill of exchange is often abbreviated into exchange; as, to buy or sell exchange.
Exchange	A mutual grant of equal interests, the one in consideration of the other. Estates exchanged must be equal in quantity, as fee simple for fee simple.
Exchange	The place where the merchants, brokers, and bankers of a city meet at certain hours, to transact business. In this sense often contracted to 'Change.
Exchanged	of Exchange
Exchanging	of Exchange
Exchange	To part with give, or transfer to another in consideration of something received as an equivalent; -- usually followed by for before the thing received.
Exchange	To part with for a substitute; to lay aside, quit, or resign (something being received in place of the thing parted with); as, to exchange a palace for cell.
Exchange	To give and receive reciprocally, as things of the same kind; to barter; to swap; as, to exchange horses with a neighbor; to exchange houses or hats.
Exchange	To be changed or received in exchange for; to pass in exchange; as, dollar exchanges for ten dimes.
Exchangeability	The quality or state of being exchangeable.
Exchangeable	Capable of being exchanged; fit or proper to be exchanged.
Exchangeable	Available for making exchanges; ratable.
Exchangeably	By way of exchange.
Exchanger	One who exchanges; one who practices exchange.
Excheat	See Escheat.
Excheator	See Escheator.
Exchequer	One of the superior courts of law; -- so called from a checkered cloth, which covers, or formerly covered, the table.
Exchequer	The department of state having charge of the collection and management of the royal revenue. [Eng.] Hence, the treasury; and, colloquially, pecuniary possessions in general; as, the company's exchequer is low.
Exchequered	of Exchequer
Exchequering	of Exchequer
Exchequer	To institute a process against (any one) in the Court of Exchequer.
Excide	To cut off.
Excipient	Taking an exception.
Excipient	An exceptor.
Excipient	An inert or slightly active substance used in preparing remedies as a vehicle or medium of administration for the medicinal agents.
Exciple	Alt. of Excipulum
Excipulum	The outer part of the fructification of most lichens.
Excisable	Liable or subject to excise; as, tobacco in an excisable commodity.
Excise	In inland duty or impost operating as an indirect tax on the consumer, levied upon certain specified articles, as, tobacco, ale, spirits, etc., grown or manufactured in the country. It is also levied to pursue certain trades and deal in certain commodities. Certain direct taxes (as, in England, those on carriages, servants, plate, armorial bearings, etc.), are included in the excise. Often used adjectively; as, excise duties; excise law; excise system.
Excise	That department or bureau of the public service charged with the collection of the excise taxes.
Excised	of Excise
Excising	of Excise
Excise	To lay or impose an excise upon.
Excise	To impose upon; to overcharge.
Excise	To cut out or off; to separate and remove; as, to excise a tumor.
Excisemen	of Exciseman
Exciseman	An officer who inspects and rates articles liable to excise duty.
Excision	The act of excising or cutting out or off; extirpation; destruction.
Excision	The act of cutting off from the church; excommunication.
Excision	The removal, especially of small parts, with a cutting instrument.
Excitability	The quality of being readily excited; proneness to be affected by exciting causes.
Excitability	The property manifested by living organisms, and the elements and tissues of which they are constituted, of responding to the action of stimulants; irritability; as, nervous excitability.
Excitable	Capable of being excited, or roused into action; susceptible of excitement; easily stirred up, or stimulated.
Excitant	Tending to excite; exciting.
Excitant	An agent or influence which arouses vital activity, or produces increased action, in a living organism or in any of its tissues or parts; a stimulant.
Excitate	To excite.
Excitation	The act of exciting or putting in motion; the act of rousing up or awakening.
Excitation	The act of producing excitement (stimulation); also, the excitement produced.
Excitative	Having power to excite; tending or serving to excite; excitatory.
Excitator	A kind of discarder.
Excitatory	Tending to excite; containing excitement; excitative.
Excited	of Excite
exciting	of Excite
Excite	To call to activity in any way; to rouse to feeling; to kindle to passionate emotion; to stir up to combined or general activity; as, to excite a person, the spirits, the passions; to excite a mutiny or insurrection; to excite heat by friction.
Excite	To call forth or increase the vital activity of an organism, or any of its parts.
Exciteful	Full of exciting qualities; as, an exciteful story; exciteful players.
Excitement	The act of exciting, or the state of being roused into action, or of having increased action; impulsion; agitation; as, an excitement of the people.
Excitement	That which excites or rouses; that which moves, stirs, or induces action; a motive.
Excitement	A state of aroused or increased vital activity in an organism, or any of its organs or tissues.
Exciter	One who, or that which, excites.
Exciting	Calling or rousing into action; producing excitement; as, exciting events; an exciting story.
Excitive	Serving or tending to excite; excitative.
Excitive	That which excites; an excitant.
Excito-motion	Motion excited by reflex nerves. See Excito-motory.
Excito-motor	Excito-motory; as, excito-motor power or causes.
Excito-motory	Exciting motion; -- said of that portion of the nervous system concerned in reflex actions, by which impressions are transmitted to a nerve center and then reflected back so as to produce muscular contraction without sensation or volition.
Excito-nutrient	Exciting nutrition; said of the reflex influence by which the nutritional processes are either excited or modified.
Excito-secretory	Exciting secretion; -- said of the influence exerted by reflex action on the function of secretion, by which the various glands are excited to action.
Exclaimed	of Exclaim
Exclaiming	of Exclaim
Exclaim	To cry out from earnestness or passion; to utter with vehemence; to call out or declare loudly; to protest vehemently; to vociferate; to shout; as, to exclaim against oppression with wonder or astonishment; "The field is won!" he exclaimed.
Exclaim	Outcry; clamor.
Exclaimer	One who exclaims.
Exclamation	A loud calling or crying out; outcry; loud or emphatic utterance; vehement vociferation; clamor; that which is cried out, as an expression of feeling; sudden expression of sound or words indicative of emotion, as in surprise, pain, grief, joy, anger, etc.
Exclamation	A word expressing outcry; an interjection; a word expressing passion, as wonder, fear, or grief.
Exclamation	A mark or sign by which outcry or emphatic utterance is marked; thus [!]; -- called also exclamation point.
Exclamative	Exclamatory.
Exclamatory	Containing, expressing, or using exclamation; as, an exclamatory phrase or speaker.
Exclave	A portion of a country which is separated from the main part and surrounded by politically alien territory.
Excluded	of Exclude
Excluding	of Exclude
Exclude	To shut out; to hinder from entrance or admission; to debar from participation or enjoyment; to deprive of; to except; -- the opposite to admit; as, to exclude a crowd from a room or house; to exclude the light; to exclude one nation from the ports of another; to exclude a taxpayer from the privilege of voting.
Exclude	To thrust out or eject; to expel; as, to exclude young animals from the womb or from eggs.
Exclusion	The act of excluding, or of shutting out, whether by thrusting out or by preventing admission; a debarring; rejection; prohibition; the state of being excluded.
Exclusion	The act of expelling or ejecting a fetus or an egg from the womb.
Exclusion	Thing emitted.
Exclusionary	Tending to exclude; causing exclusion; exclusive.
Exclusionism	The character, manner, or principles of an exclusionist.
Exclusionist	One who would exclude another from some right or privilege; esp., one of the anti-popish politicians of the time of Charles II.
Exclusive	Having the power of preventing entrance; debarring from participation or enjoyment; possessed and enjoyed to the exclusion of others; as, exclusive bars; exclusive privilege; exclusive circles of society.
Exclusive	Not taking into the account; excluding from consideration; -- opposed to inclusive; as, five thousand troops, exclusive of artillery.
Exclusive	One of a coterie who exclude others; one who from real of affected fastidiousness limits his acquaintance to a select few.
Exclusiveness	Quality of being exclusive.
Exclusivism	The act or practice of excluding being exclusive; exclusiveness.
Exclusivist	One who favor or practices any from of exclusiveness or exclusivism.
Exclusory	Able to exclude; excluding; serving to exclude.
Excoct	To boil out; to produce by boiling.
Excoction	The act of excocting or boiling out.
Excogitated	of Excogitate
Excogitating	of Excogitate
Excogitate	To think out; to find out or discover by thinking; to devise; to contrive.
Excogitate	To cogitate.
Excogitation	The act of excogitating; a devising in the thoughts; invention; contrivance.
Excommune	To exclude from participation in; to excommunicate.
Excommunicable	Liable or deserving to be excommunicated; making excommunication possible or proper.
Excommunicant	One who has been excommunicated.
Excommunicate	Excommunicated; interdicted from the rites of the church.
Excommunicate	One excommunicated.
Excommunicated	of Excommunicate
Excommunicating	of Excommunicate
Excommunicate	To put out of communion; especially, to cut off, or shut out, from communion with the church, by an ecclesiastical sentence.
Excommunicate	To lay under the ban of the church; to interdict.
Excommunication	The act of communicating or ejecting; esp., an ecclesiastical censure whereby the person against whom it is pronounced is, for the time, cast out of the communication of the church; exclusion from fellowship in things spiritual.
Excommunicator	One who excommunicates.
Excommunion	A shutting out from communion; excommunication.
Excoriable	Capable of being excoriated.
Excoriated	of Eccoriate
excoriating	of Eccoriate
Eccoriate	To strip or wear off the skin of; to abrade; to gall; to break and remove the cuticle of, in any manner, as by rubbing, beating, or by the action of acrid substances.
Excoriation	The act of excoriating or flaying, or state of being excoriated, or stripped of the skin; abrasion.
Excoriation	Stripping of possession; spoliation.
Excorticate	To strip of bark or skin; to decorticate.
Excortication	The act of stripping off bark, or the state of being thus stripped; decortication.
Excreable	Capable of being discharged by spitting.
Excreate	To spit out; to discharge from the throat by hawking and spitting.
Excreation	Act of spitting out.
Excrement	Matter excreted and ejected; that which is excreted or cast out of the animal body by any of the natural emunctories; especially, alvine, discharges; dung; ordure.
Excrement	An excrescence or appendage; an outgrowth.
Excremental	Of or pertaining to excrement.
Excrementitial	Alt. of Excrementitious
Excrementitious	Pertaining to, or consisting of, excrement; of the nature of excrement.
Excrementive	Serving to excrete; connected with excretion or excrement.
Excrementize	To void excrement.
Excrescence	An excrescent appendage, as, a wart or tumor; anything growing out unnaturally from anything else; a preternatural or morbid development; hence, a troublesome superfluity; an incumbrance; as, an excrescence on the body, or on a plant.
Excrescency	Excrescence.
Excrescent	Growing out in an abnormal or morbid manner or as a superfluity.
Excrescential	Pertaining to, or resembling, an excrescence.
Excreta	Matters to be excreted.
Excreted	of Excrete
Excreting	of Excrete
Excrete	To separate and throw off; to excrete urine.
Excretin	A nonnitrogenous, crystalline body, present in small quantity in human faeces.
Excretion	The act of excreting.
Excretion	That which is excreted; excrement.
Excretive	Having the power of excreting, or promoting excretion.
Excretory	Having the quality of excreting, or throwing off excrementitious matter.
Excruciable	Liable to torment.
Excruciate	Excruciated; tortured.
Excruciated	of Excruciate
Excruciating	of Excruciate
Excruciate	To inflict agonizing pain upon; to torture; to torment greatly; to rack; as, to excruciate the heart or the body.
Excruciating	Torturing; racking.
Excruciation	The act of inflicting agonizing pain, or the state of being thus afflicted; that which excruciates; torture.
Excubation	A keeping watch.
Excubitorium	A gallery in a church, where persons watched all night.
Exculpable	Capable of being exculpated; deserving exculpation.
Exculpated	of Exculpate
Exculpating	of Exculpate
Exculpate	To clear from alleged fault or guilt; to prove to be guiltless; to relieve of blame; to acquit.
Exculpation	The act of exculpating from alleged fault or crime; that which exculpates; excuse.
Exculpatory	Clearing, or tending to clear, from alleged fault or guilt; excusing.
Excur	To run out or forth; to extend.
Excurrent	Running or flowing out
Excurrent	Running or extending out; as, an excurrent midrib, one which projects beyond the apex of a leaf; an excurrent steam or trunk, one which continues to the top.
Excurrent	Characterized by a current which flows outward; as, an excurrent orifice or tube.
Excurse	To journey or pass thought.
Excursion	A running or going out or forth; an expedition; a sally.
Excursion	A journey chiefly for recreation; a pleasure trip; a brief tour; as, an excursion into the country.
Excursion	A wandering from a subject; digression.
Excursion	Length of stroke, as of a piston; stroke. [An awkward use of the word.]
Excursionist	One who goes on an excursion, or pleasure trip.
Excursive	Prone to make excursions; wandering; roving; exploring; as, an excursive fancy.
Excursus	A dissertation or digression appended to a work, and containing a more extended exposition of some important point or topic.
Excusable	That may be excused, forgiven, justified, or acquitted of blame; pardonable; as, the man is excusable; an excusable action.
Excusation	Excuse; apology.
Excusator	One who makes, or is authorized to make, an excuse; an apologist.
Excusatory	Making or containing excuse or apology; apologetical; as, an excusatory plea.
Excused	of Excuse
Excusing	of Excuse
Excuse	To free from accusation, or the imputation of fault or blame; to clear from guilt; to release from a charge; to justify by extenuating a fault; to exculpate; to absolve; to acquit.
Excuse	To pardon, as a fault; to forgive entirely, or to admit to be little censurable, and to overlook; as, we excuse irregular conduct, when extraordinary circumstances appear to justify it.
Excuse	To regard with indulgence; to view leniently or to overlook; to pardon.
Excuse	To free from an impending obligation or duty; hence, to disengage; to dispense with; to release by favor; also, to remit by favor; not to exact; as, to excuse a forfeiture.
Excuse	To relieve of an imputation by apology or defense; to make apology for as not seriously evil; to ask pardon or indulgence for.
Excuse	The act of excusing, apologizing, exculpating, pardoning, releasing, and the like; acquittal; release; absolution; justification; extenuation.
Excuse	That which is offered as a reason for being excused; a plea offered in extenuation of a fault or irregular deportment; apology; as, an excuse for neglect of duty; excuses for delay of payment.
Excuse	That which excuses; that which extenuates or justifies a fault.
Excuseless	Having no excuse; not admitting of excuse or apology.
Excusement	Excuse.
Excuser	One who offers excuses or pleads in extenuation of the fault of another.
Excuser	One who excuses or forgives another.
Excuss	To shake off; to discard.
Excuss	To inspect; to investigate; to decipher.
Excuss	To seize and detain by law, as goods.
Excussion	The act of excusing; seizure by law.
Exeat	A license for absence from a college or a religious house.
Exeat	A permission which a bishop grants to a priest to go out of his diocese.
Execrable	Deserving to be execrated; accursed; damnable; detestable; abominable; as, an execrable wretch.
Execrated	of Execrate
Execrating	of Execrate
Execrate	To denounce evil against, or to imprecate evil upon; to curse; to protest against as unholy or detestable; hence, to detest utterly; to abhor; to abominate.
Execration	The act of cursing; a curse dictated by violent feelings of hatred; imprecation; utter detestation expressed.
Execration	That which is execrated; a detested thing.
Execrative	Cursing; imprecatory; vilifying.
Execrative	A word used for cursing; an imprecatory word or expression.
Execratory	Of the nature of execration; imprecatory; denunciatory.
Execratory	A formulary of execrations.
Exect	To cut off or out. [Obs.] See Exsect.
Exection	See Exsection.
Executable	Capable of being executed; feasible; as, an executable project.
Executant	One who executes or performs; esp., a performer on a musical instrument.
Executed	of Execute
Executing	of Execute
Execute	To follow out or through to the end; to carry out into complete effect; to complete; to finish; to effect; to perform.
Execute	To complete, as a legal instrument; to perform what is required to give validity to, as by signing and perhaps sealing and delivering; as, to execute a deed, lease, mortgage, will, etc.
Execute	To give effect to; to do what is provided or required by; to perform the requirements or stimulations of; as, to execute a decree, judgment, writ, or process.
Execute	To infect capital punishment on; to put to death in conformity to a legal sentence; as, to execute a traitor.
Execute	Too put to death illegally; to kill.
Execute	To perform, as a piece of music, either on an instrument or with the voice; as, to execute a difficult part brilliantly.
Execute	To do one's work; to act one's part of purpose.
Execute	To perform musically.
Executer	One who performs or carries into effect. See Executor.
Execution	The act of executing; a carrying into effect or to completion; performance; achievement; consummation; as, the execution of a plan, a work, etc.
Execution	A putting to death as a legal penalty; death lawfully inflicted; as, the execution of a murderer.
Execution	The act of the mode of performing a work of art, of performing on an instrument, of engraving, etc.; as, the execution of a statue, painting, or piece of music.
Execution	The carrying into effect the judgment given in a court of law.
Execution	A judicial writ by which an officer is empowered to carry a judgment into effect; final process.
Execution	The act of signing, and delivering a legal instrument, or giving it the forms required to render it valid; as, the execution of a deed, or a will.
Execution	That which is executed or accomplished; effect; effective work; -- usually with do.
Execution	The act of sacking a town.
Executioner	One who executes; an executer.
Executioner	One who puts to death in conformity to legal warrant, as a hangman.
Executive	Designed or fitted for execution, or carrying into effect; as, executive talent; qualifying for, concerned with, or pertaining to, the execution of the laws or the conduct of affairs; as, executive power or authority; executive duties, officer, department, etc.
Executive	An impersonal title of the chief magistrate or officer who administers the government, whether king, president, or governor; the governing person or body.
Executively	In the way of executing or performing.
Executor	One who executes or performs; a doer; as, an executor of baseness.
Executor	An executioner.
Executor	The person appointed by a testator to execute his will, or to see its provisions carried into effect, after his decease.
Executorial	Of or pertaining to an executive.
Executorship	The office of an executor.
Executory	Pertaining to administration, or putting the laws in force; executive.
Executory	Designed to be executed or carried into effect in time to come, or to take effect on a future contingency; as, an executory devise, reminder, or estate; an executory contract.
Executress	An executrix.
Executrix	A woman exercising the functions of an executor.
Exedent	Eating out; consuming.
Exedrae	of Exedra
Exedra	A room in a public building, furnished with seats.
Exedra	The projection of any part of a building in a rounded form.
Exedra	Any out-of-door seat in stone, large enough for several persons; esp., one of curved form.
Exegeses	of Exegesis
Exegesis	Exposition; explanation; especially, a critical explanation of a text or portion of Scripture.
Exegesis	The process of finding the roots of an equation.
Exegete	An exegetist.
Exegetic	Alt. of Exegetical
Exegetical	Pertaining to exegesis; tending to unfold or illustrate; explanatory; expository.
Exegetics	The science of interpretation or exegesis.
Exegetist	One versed in the science of exegesis or interpretation; -- also called exegete.
Exemplar	A model, original, or pattern, to be copied or imitated; a specimen; sometimes; an ideal model or type, as that which an artist conceives.
Exemplar	A copy of a book or writing.
Exemplar	Exemplary.
Exemplarily	In a manner fitted or designed to be an example for imitation or for warning; by way of example.
Exemplariness	The state or quality of being exemplary; fitness to be an example.
Exemplarity	Exemplariness.
Exemplary	Serving as a pattern; deserving to be proposed for imitation; commendable; as, an exemplary person; exemplary conduct.
Exemplary	Serving as a warning; monitory; as, exemplary justice, punishment, or damages.
Exemplary	Illustrating as the proof of a thing.
Exemplary	An exemplar; also, a copy of a book or writing.
Exemplifiable	That can be exemplified.
Exemplification	The act of exemplifying; a showing or illustrating by example.
Exemplification	That which exemplifies; a case in point; example.
Exemplification	A copy or transcript attested to be correct by the seal of an officer having custody of the original.
Exemplifier	One who exemplifies by following a pattern.
Exemplified	of Exemplify
Exemplifying	of Exemplify
Exemplify	To show or illustrate by example.
Exemplify	To copy; to transcribe; to make an attested copy or transcript of, under seal, as of a record.
Exemplify	To prove or show by an attested copy.
Exempt	Cut off; set apart.
Exempt	Extraordinary; exceptional.
Exempt	Free, or released, from some liability to which others are subject; excepted from the operation or burden of some law; released; free; clear; privileged; -- (with from): not subject to; not liable to; as, goods exempt from execution; a person exempt from jury service.
Exempt	One exempted or freed from duty; one not subject.
Exempt	One of four officers of the Yeomen of the Royal Guard, having the rank of corporal; an Exon.
Exempted	of Exempt
Exempting	of Exempt
Exempt	To remove; to set apart.
Exempt	To release or deliver from some liability which others are subject to; to except or excuse from he operation of a law; to grant immunity to; to free from obligation; to release; as, to exempt from military duty, or from jury service; to exempt from fear or pain.
Exemptible	That may be exempted.
Exemption	The act of exempting; the state of being exempt; freedom from any charge, burden, evil, etc., to which others are subject; immunity; privilege; as, exemption of certain articles from seizure; exemption from military service; exemption from anxiety, suffering, etc.
Exemptitious	Separable.
Exenterate	To take out the bowels or entrails of; to disembowel; to eviscerate; as, exenterated fishes.
Exenteration	Act of exenterating.
Exequatur	A written official recognition of a consul or commercial agent, issued by the government to which he is accredited, and authorizing him to exercise his powers in the place to which he is assigned.
Exequatur	Official recognition or permission.
Exequial	Of or pertaining to funerals; funereal.
Exequious	Funereal.
Exequies	of Exequy
Exequy	A funeral rite (usually in the plural); the ceremonies of burial; obsequies; funeral procession.
Exercent	Practicing; professional.
Exercisable	That may be exercised, used, or exerted.
Exercise	The act of exercising; a setting in action or practicing; employment in the proper mode of activity; exertion; application; use; habitual activity; occupation, in general; practice.
Exercise	Exertion for the sake of training or improvement whether physical, intellectual, or moral; practice to acquire skill, knowledge, virtue, perfectness, grace, etc.
Exercise	Bodily exertion for the sake of keeping the organs and functions in a healthy state; hygienic activity; as, to take exercise on horseback.
Exercise	The performance of an office, a ceremony, or a religious duty.
Exercise	That which is done for the sake of exercising, practicing, training, or promoting skill, health, mental, improvement, moral discipline, etc.; that which is assigned or prescribed for such ends; hence, a disquisition; a lesson; a task; as, military or naval exercises; musical exercises; an exercise in composition.
Exercise	That which gives practice; a trial; a test.
Exercised	of Exercise
Exercising	of Exercise
Exercise	To set in action; to cause to act, move, or make exertion; to give employment to; to put in action habitually or constantly; to school or train; to exert repeatedly; to busy.
Exercise	To exert for the sake of training or improvement; to practice in order to develop; hence, also, to improve by practice; to discipline, and to use or to for the purpose of training; as, to exercise arms; to exercise one's self in music; to exercise troops.
Exercise	To occupy the attention and effort of; to task; to tax, especially in a painful or vexatious manner; harass; to vex; to worry or make anxious; to affect; to discipline; as, exercised with pain.
Exercise	To put in practice; to carry out in action; to perform the duties of; to use; to employ; to practice; as, to exercise authority; to exercise an office.
Exercise	To exercise one's self, as under military training; to drill; to take exercise; to use action or exertion; to practice gymnastics; as, to exercise for health or amusement.
Exerciser	One who exercises.
Exercisible	Capable of being exercised, employed, or enforced; as, the authority of a magistrate is exercisible within his jurisdiction.
Exercitation	exercise; practice; use.
Exergue	The small space beneath the base line of a subject engraved on a coin or medal. It usually contains the date, place, engraver's name, etc., or other subsidiary matter.
Exerted	of Exert
Exerting	of Exert
Exert	To thrust forth; to emit; to push out.
Exert	To put force, ability, or anything of the nature of an active faculty; to put in vigorous action; to bring into active operation; as, to exert the strength of the body, limbs, faculties, or imagination; to exert the mind or the voice.
Exert	To put forth, as the result or exercise of effort; to bring to bear; to do or perform.
Exertion	The act of exerting, or putting into motion or action; the active exercise of any power or faculty; an effort, esp. a laborious or perceptible effort; as, an exertion of strength or power; an exertion of the limbs or of the mind; it is an exertion for him to move, to-day.
Exertive	Having power or a tendency to exert; using exertion.
Exertment	Exertion.
Exesion	The act of eating out or through.
Exestuate	To be agitated; to boil up; to effervesce.
Exestuation	A boiling up; effervescence.
Exeunt	They go out, or retire from the scene; as, exeunt all except Hamlet. See 1st Exit.
Exfetation	Imperfect fetation in some organ exterior to the uterus; extra-uterine fetation.
Exfoliated	of Exfoliate
Exfoliating	of Exfoliate
Exfoliate	To separate and come off in scales or laminae, as pieces of carious bone or of bark.
Exfoliate	To split into scales, especially to become converted into scales at the result of heat or decomposition.
Exfoliate	To remove scales, laminae, or splinters from the surface of.
Exfoliation	The scaling off of a bone, a rock, or a mineral, etc.; the state of being exfoliated.
Exfoliative	Having the power of causing exfoliation.
Exfoliative	An exfoliative agent.
Exhalable	Capable of being exhaled or evaporated.
Exhalant	Having the quality of exhaling or evaporating.
Exhalation	The act or process of exhaling, or sending forth in the form of steam or vapor; evaporation.
Exhalation	That which is exhaled, or which rises in the form of vapor, fume, or steam; effluvium; emanation; as, exhalations from the earth or flowers, decaying matter, etc.
Exhalation	A bright phenomenon; a meteor.
Exaled	of Exhale
Exaling	of Exhale
Exhale	To breathe out. Hence: To emit, as vapor; to send out, as an odor; to evaporate; as, the earth exhales vapor; marshes exhale noxious effluvia.
Exhale	To draw out; to cause to be emitted in vapor; as, the sum exhales the moisture of the earth.
Exhale	To rise or be given off, as vapor; to pass off, or vanish.
Exhalement	Exhalation.
Exhalence	Exhalation.
Exhausted	of Exhaust
Exhausting	of Exhaust
Exhaust	To draw or let out wholly; to drain off completely; as, to exhaust the water of a well; the moisture of the earth is exhausted by evaporation.
Exhaust	To empty by drawing or letting out the contents; as, to exhaust a well, or a treasury.
Exhaust	To drain, metaphorically; to use or expend wholly, or till the supply comes to an end; to deprive wholly of strength; to use up; to weary or tire out; to wear out; as, to exhaust one's strength, patience, or resources.
Exhaust	To bring out or develop completely; to discuss thoroughly; as, to exhaust a subject.
Exhaust	To subject to the action of various solvents in order to remove all soluble substances or extractives; as, to exhaust a drug successively with water, alcohol, and ether.
Exhaust	Drained; exhausted; having expended or lost its energy.
Exhaust	Pertaining to steam, air, gas, etc., that is released from the cylinder of an engine after having preformed its work.
Exhaust	The steam let out of a cylinder after it has done its work there.
Exhaust	The foul air let out of a room through a register or pipe provided for the purpose.
Exhauster	One who, or that which, exhausts or draws out.
Exhaustibility	Capability of being exhausted.
Exhaustible	Capable of being exhausted, drained off, or expended.
Exhausting	Producing exhaustion; as, exhausting labors.
Exhaustion	The act of draining out or draining off; the act of emptying completely of the contents.
Exhaustion	The state of being exhausted or emptied; the state of being deprived of strength or spirits.
Exhaustion	An ancient geometrical method in which an exhaustive process was employed. It was nearly equivalent to the modern method of limits.
Exhaustive	Serving or tending to exhaust; exhibiting all the facts or arguments; as, an exhaustive method.
Exhaustless	Not be exhausted; inexhaustible; as, an exhaustless fund or store.
Exhaustment	Exhaustion; drain.
Exhausture	Exhaustion.
Exhedra	See Exedra.
Exheredate	To disinherit.
Exheredation	A disinheriting; disherisor.
Exhereditation	A disinheriting; disherison.
Exhibited	of Exhibit
Exhibiting	of Exhibit
Exhibit	To hold forth or present to view; to produce publicly, for inspection; to show, especially in order to attract notice to what is interesting; to display; as, to exhibit commodities in a warehouse, a picture in a gallery.
Exhibit	To submit, as a document, to a court or officer, in course of proceedings; also, to present or offer officially or in legal form; to bring, as a charge.
Exhibit	To administer as a remedy; as, to exhibit calomel.
Exhibit	Any article, or collection of articles, displayed to view, as in an industrial exhibition; a display; as, this exhibit was marked A; the English exhibit.
Exhibit	A document produced and identified in court for future use as evidence.
Exhibiter	One who exhibits; one who presents a petition, charge or bill.
Exhibition	The act of exhibiting for inspection, or of holding forth to view; manifestation; display.
Exhibition	That which is exhibited, held forth, or displayed; also, any public show; a display of works of art, or of feats of skill, or of oratorical or dramatic ability; as, an exhibition of animals; an exhibition of pictures, statues, etc.; an industrial exhibition.
Exhibition	Sustenance; maintenance; allowance, esp. for meat and drink; pension. Specifically: (Eng. Univ.) Private benefaction for the maintenance of scholars.
Exhibition	The act of administering a remedy.
Exhibitioner	One who has a pension or allowance granted for support.
Exhibitive	Serving for exhibition; representative; exhibitory.
Exhibitor	One who exhibits.
Exhibitory	Exhibiting; publicly showing.
Exhilarant	Exciting joy, mirth, or pleasure.
Exhilarant	That which exhilarates.
Exhilarated	of Exhilarate
Exilarating	of Exhilarate
Exhilarate	To make merry or jolly; to enliven; to animate; to gladden greatly; to cheer; as, good news exhilarates the mind; wine exhilarates a man.
Exhilarate	To become joyous.
Exhilarating	That exhilarates; cheering; gladdening.
Exhilaration	The act of enlivening the spirits; the act of making glad or cheerful; a gladdening.
Exhilaration	The state of being enlivened or cheerful.
Exhorted	of Exhort
Exhorting	of Exhort
Exhort	To incite by words or advice; to animate or urge by arguments, as to a good deed or laudable conduct; to address exhortation to; to urge strongly; hence, to advise, warn, or caution.
Exhort	To deliver exhortation; to use words or arguments to incite to good deeds.
Exhort	Exhortation.
Exhortation	The act of practice of exhorting; the act of inciting to laudable deeds; incitement to that which is good or commendable.
Exhortation	Language intended to incite and encourage; advice; counsel; admonition.
Exhortative	Serving to exhort; exhortatory; hortative.
Exhortatory	Of or pertaining to exhortation; hortatory.
Exhorter	One who exhorts or incites.
Exhumated	Disinterred.
Exhumation	The act of exhuming that which has been buried; as, the exhumation of a body.
Exhumed	of Exhume
Exhuming	of Exhume
Exhume	To dig out of the ground; to take out of a place of burial; to disinter.
Exiccate	See Exsiccate.
Exiccation	See Exsiccation.
Exigence	Exigency.
Exigencies	of Exigency
Exigency	The state of being exigent; urgent or exacting want; pressing necessity or distress; need; a case demanding immediate action, supply, or remedy; as, an unforeseen exigency.
Exigendary	See Exigenter.
Exigent	Exacting or requiring immediate aid or action; pressing; critical.
Exigent	Exigency; pressing necessity; decisive moment.
Exigent	The name of a writ in proceedings before outlawry.
Exigenter	An officer in the Court of King's Bench and Common Pleas whose duty it was make out exigents. The office in now abolished.
Exigible	That may be exacted; repairable.
Exiguity	Scantiness; smallness; thinness.
Exiguous	Scanty; small; slender; diminutive.
Exile	Forced separation from one's native country; expulsion from one's home by the civil authority; banishment; sometimes, voluntary separation from one's native country.
Exile	The person expelled from his country by authority; also, one who separates himself from his home.
Exiled	of Exile
Exiling	of Exile
Exile	To banish or expel from one's own country or home; to drive away.
Exile	Small; slender; thin; fine.
Exilement	Banishment.
Exilic	Pertaining to exile or banishment, esp. to that of the Jews in Babylon.
Exilition	A sudden springing or leaping out.
Exility	Smallness; meagerness; slenderness; fineness, thinness.
Eximious	Select; choice; hence, extraordinary, excellent.
Exinanite	To make empty; to render of no effect; to humble.
Exinanition	An emptying; an enfeebling; exhaustion; humiliation.
Existed	of Exist
Existing	of Exist
Exist	To be as a fact and not as a mode; to have an actual or real being, whether material or spiritual.
Exist	To be manifest in any manner; to continue to be; as, great evils existed in his reign.
Exist	To live; to have life or the functions of vitality; as, men can not exist water, nor fishes on land.
Existence	The state of existing or being; actual possession of being; continuance in being; as, the existence of body and of soul in union; the separate existence of the soul; immortal existence.
Existence	Continued or repeated manifestation; occurrence, as of events of any kind; as, the existence of a calamity or of a state of war.
Existence	That which exists; a being; a creature; an entity; as, living existences.
Existency	Existence.
Existent	Having being or existence; existing; being; occurring now; taking place.
Existential	Having existence.
Exister	One who exists.
Existible	Capable of existence.
Existimation	Esteem; opinion; reputation.
Exit	He (or she ) goes out, or retires from view; as, exit Macbeth.
Exit	The departure of a player from the stage, when he has performed his part.
Exit	Any departure; the act of quitting the stage of action or of life; death; as, to make one's exit.
Exit	A way of departure; passage out of a place; egress; way out.
Exitial	Alt. of Exitious
Exitious	Destructive; fatal.
Exo	A prefix signifying out of, outside; as in exocarp, exogen, exoskeleton.
Exocardiac	Alt. of Exocardial
Exocardial	Situated or arising outside of the heat; as, exocardial murmurs; -- opposed to endocardiac.
Exocarp	The outer portion of a fruit, as the flesh of a peach or the rind of an orange. See Illust. of Drupe.
Exoccipital	Pertaining to a bone or region on each side of the great foremen of the skull.
Exoccipital	The exoccipital bone, which often forms a part of the occipital in the adult, but is usually distinct in the young.
Exocetus	Alt. of Exocoetus
Exocoetus	A genus of fishes, including the common flying fishes. See Flying fish.
Exoculate	To deprive of eyes.
Exode	Departure; exodus; esp., the exodus of the Israelites from Egypt.
Exode	The final chorus; the catastrophe.
Exode	An afterpiece of a comic description, either a farce or a travesty.
Exodic	Conducting influences from the spinal cord outward; -- said of the motor or efferent nerves. Opposed to esodic.
Exogium	See Exode.
Exodus	A going out; particularly (the Exodus), the going out or journey of the Israelites from Egypt under the conduct of Moses; and hence, any large migration from a place.
Exodus	The second of the Old Testament, which contains the narrative of the departure of the Israelites from Egypt.
Exody	Exodus; withdrawal.
Ex-official	Proceeding from office or authority.
Ex officiis	of Ex officio
Ex officio	From office; by virtue, or as a consequence, of an office; officially.
Exogamous	Relating to exogamy; marrying outside of the limits of one's own tribe; -- opposed to endogenous.
Exogamy	The custom, or tribal law, which prohibits marriage between members of the same tribe; marriage outside of the tribe; -- opposed to endogamy.
Exogen	A plant belonging to one of the greater part of the vegetable kingdom, and which the plants are characterized by having c wood bark, and pith, the wood forming a layer between the other two, and increasing, if at all, by the animal addition of a new layer to the outside next to the bark. The leaves are commonly netted-veined, and the number of cotyledons is two, or, very rarely, several in a whorl.  Cf. Endogen.
Exogenetic	Arising or growing from without; exogenous.
Exogenous	Pertaining to, or having the character of, an exogen; -- the opposite of endogenous.
Exogenous	Growing by addition to the exterior.
Exogenous	Growing from previously ossified parts; -- opposed to autogenous.
Exogyra	A genus of Cretaceous fossil shells allied to oysters.
Exolete	Obsolete; out of use; state; insipid.
Exolution	See Exsolution.
Exolve	To loose; to pay.
Exon	A native or inhabitant of Exeter, in England.
Exon	An officer of the Yeomen of the Guard; an Exempt.
Exonerated	of Exonerate
Exonerating	of Exonerate
Exonerate	To unload; to disburden; to discharge.
Exonerate	To relieve, in a moral sense, as of a charge, obligation, or load of blame resting on one; to clear of something that lies upon oppresses one, as an accusation or imputation; as, to exonerate one's self from blame, or from the charge of avarice.
Exonerate	To discharge from duty or obligation, as a ball.
Exoneration	The act of disburdening, discharging, or freeing morally from a charge or imputation; also, the state of being disburdened or freed from a charge.
Exonerative	Freeing from a burden or obligation; tending to exonerate.
Exonerator	One who exonerates or frees from obligation.
Exophthalmia	The protrusion of the eyeball so that the eyelids will not cover it, in consequence of disease.
Exophthalmic	Of or pertaining to, or characterized by, exophthalmia.
Exophthalmos	Alt. of Exophthalmus
Exophthalmus	Same as Exophthalmia.
Exophthalmy	Exophthalmia.
Exophyllous	Not sheathed in another leaf.
Exoplasm	See Ectosarc, and Ectoplasm.
Exopodite	The external branch of the appendages of Crustacea.
Exoptable	Very desirable.
Exoptile	A name given by Lestiboudois to dicotyledons; -- so called because the plumule is naked.
Exrable	Capable of being moved by entreaty; pitiful; tender.
Exorate	To persuade, or to gain, by entreaty.
Exoration	Entreaty.
Exorbitance	Alt. of Exorbitancy
Exorbitancy	A going out of or beyond the usual or due limit; hence, enormity; extravagance; gross deviation from rule, right, or propriety; as, the exorbitances of the tongue or of deportment; exorbitance of demands.
Exorbitant	Departing from an orbit or usual track; hence, deviating from the usual or due course; going beyond the appointed rules or established limits of right or propriety; excessive; extravagant; enormous; inordinate; as, exorbitant appetites and passions; exorbitant charges, demands, or claims.
Exorbitant	Not comprehended in a settled rule or method; anomalous.
Exorbitantly	In an exorbitant, excessive, or irregular manner; enormously.
Exorbitate	To go out of the track; to deviate.
Exorcised	of Exorcise
Exorcising	of Exorcise
Exorcise	To cast out, as a devil, evil spirits, etc., by conjuration or summoning by a holy name, or by certain ceremonies; to expel (a demon) or to conjure (a demon) to depart out of a person possessed by one.
Exorcise	To deliver or purify from the influence of an evil spirit or demon.
Exorciser	An exorcist.
Exorcism	The act of exorcising; the driving out of evil spirits from persons or places by conjuration; also, the form of conjuration used.
Exorcism	Conjuration for raising spirits.
Exorcist	One who expels evil spirits by conjuration or exorcism.
Exorcist	A conjurer who can raise spirits.
Exordial	Pertaining to the exordium of a discourse: introductory.
Exordiums	of Exordium
Exordia	of Exordium
Exordium	A beginning; an introduction; especially, the introductory part of a discourse or written composition, which prepares the audience for the main subject; the opening part of an oration.
Exorhizae	of Exorhiza
Exorhiza	A plant Whose radicle is not inclosed or sheathed by the cotyledons or plumule.
Exorhizal	Alt. of Exorhizous
Exorhizous	Having a radicle which is not inclosed by the cotyledons or plumule; of or relating to an exorhiza.
Exornation	Ornament; decoration; embellishment.
Exortive	Rising; relating to the east.
Exosculate	To kiss; especially, to kiss repeatedly or fondly.
Exoskeletal	Pertaining to the exoskeleton; as exoskeletal muscles.
Exoskeleton	The hardened parts of the external integument of an animal, including hair, feathers, nails, horns, scales, etc.,as well as the armor of armadillos and many reptiles, and the shells or hardened integument of numerous invertebrates; external skeleton; dermoskeleton.
Exosmose	The passage of gases, vapors, or liquids thought membranes or porous media from within outward, in the phenomena of osmose; -- opposed to endosmose. See Osmose.
Exosmosis	See Exosmose.
Exosmotic	Pertaining to exosmose.
Exospore	The extreme outer wall of a spore; the epispore.
Exosstate	To deprive of bones; to take out the bones of; to bone.
Exossation	A depriving of bone or of fruit stones.
Exosse-ous	Boneless.
Exostome	The small aperture or foremen in the outer coat of the ovule of a plant.
Exostosis	Any protuberance of a bone which is not natural; an excrescence or morbid enlargement of a bone.
Exostosis	A knot formed upon or in the wood of trees by disease.
Exoteric	Alt. of Exoterical
Exoterical	External; public; suitable to be imparted to the public; hence, capable of being readily or fully comprehended; -- opposed to esoteric, or secret.
Exoterics	The public lectures or published writings of Aristotle. See Esoterics.
Exoteries	of Exotery
Exotery	That which is obvious, public, or common.
Exotheca	The tissue which fills the interspaces between the costae of many madreporarian corals, usually consisting of small transverse or oblique septa.
Exothecium	The outer coat of the anther.
Exotic	Introduced from a foreign country; not native; extraneous; foreign; as, an exotic plant; an exotic term or word.
Exotic	Anything of foreign origin; something not of native growth, as a plant, a word, a custom.
Exotical	Foreign; not native; exotic.
Exoticism	The state of being exotic; also, anything foreign, as a word or idiom; an exotic.
Expanded	of Expand
Expanding	of Expand
Expand	To lay open by extending; to open wide; to spread out; to diffuse; as, a flower expands its leaves.
Expand	To cause the particles or parts of to spread themselves or stand apart, thus increasing bulk without addition of substance; to make to occupy more space; to dilate; to distend; to extend every way; to enlarge; -- opposed to contract; as, to expand the chest; heat expands all bodies; to expand the sphere of benevolence.
Expand	To state in enlarged form; to develop; as, to expand an equation. See Expansion, 5.
Expand	To become widely opened, spread apart, dilated, distended, or enlarged; as, flowers expand in the spring; metals expand by heat; the heart expands with joy.
Expander	Anything which causes expansion esp. (Mech.) a tool for stretching open or expanding a tube, etc.
Expanding	That expands, or may be expanded; extending; spreading; enlarging.
Expanse	That which is expanded or spread out; a wide extent of space or body; especially, the arch of the sky.
Expanse	To expand.
Expansibility	The capacity of being expanded; as, the expansibility of air.
Expansible	Capable of being expanded or spread out widely.
Expansile	Expansible.
Expansion	The act of expanding or spreading out; the condition of being expanded; dilation; enlargement.
Expansion	That which is expanded; expanse; extend surface; as, the expansion of a sheet or of a lake; the expansion was formed of metal.
Expansion	Space through which anything is expanded; also, pure space.
Expansion	Enlargement or extension of business transactions; esp., increase of the circulation of bank notes.
Expansion	The developed result of an indicated operation; as, the expansion of (a + b)2 is a2 + 2ab + b2.
Expansion	The operation of steam in a cylinder after its communication with the boiler has been cut off, by which it continues to exert pressure upon the moving piston.
Expansion	The enlargement of the ship mathematically from a model or drawing to the full or building size, in the process of construction.
Expansive	Having a capacity or tendency to expand or dilate; diffusive; of much expanse; wide-extending; as, the expansive force of heat; the expansive quality of air.
Expansure	Expanse.
Ex parte	Upon or from one side only; one-sided; partial; as, an ex parte statement.
Expatiated	of Expatiate
Expariating	of Expatiate
Expatiate	To range at large, or without restraint.
Expatiate	To enlarge in discourse or writing; to be copious in argument or discussion; to descant.
Expatiate	To expand; to spread; to extend; to diffuse; to broaden.
Expatiation	Act of expatiating.
Expatiatory	Expansive; diffusive.
Expatriated	of Expatriate
Expatriating	of Expatriate
Expatriate	To banish; to drive or force (a person) from his own country; to make an exile of.
Expatriate	Reflexively, as To expatriate one's self: To withdraw from one's native country; to renounce the rights and liabilities of citizenship where one is born, and become a citizen of another country.
Expatriation	The act of banishing, or the state of banishment; especially, the forsaking of one's own country with a renunciation of allegiance.
Expected	of Expect
Expecting	of Expect
Expect	To wait for; to await.
Expect	To look for (mentally); to look forward to, as to something that is believed to be about to happen or come; to have a previous apprehension of, whether of good or evil; to look for with some confidence; to anticipate; -- often followed by an infinitive, sometimes by a clause (with, or without, that); as, I expect to receive wages; I expect that the troops will be defeated.
Expect	To wait; to stay.
Expect	Expectation.
Expectable	That may be expected or looked for.
Expectance	Alt. of Expectancy
Expectancy	The act of expecting ; expectation.
Expectancy	That which is expected, or looked or waited for with interest; the object of expectation or hope.
Expectant	Waiting in expectation; looking for
Expectant	waiting for the efforts of nature, with little active treatment.
Expectant	One who waits in expectation; one held in dependence by hope of receiving some good.
Expectation	The act or state of expecting or looking forward to an event as about to happen.
Expectation	That which is expected or looked for.
Expectation	The prospect of the future; grounds upon which something excellent is expected to happen; prospect of anything good to come, esp. of property or rank.
Expectation	The value of any chance (as the prospect of prize or property) which depends upon some contingent event. Expectations are computed for or against the occurrence of the event.
Expectation	The leaving of the disease principally to the efforts of nature to effect a cure.
Expectative	Constituting an object of expectation; contingent.
Expectative	Something in expectation; esp., an expectative grace.
Expectedly	In conformity with expectation.
Expecter	One who expects.
Expectingly	In a state of expectation.
Expective	Expectative.
Expectorant	Tending to facilitate expectoration or to promote discharges of mucus, etc., from the lungs or throat.
Expectorant	An expectorant medicine.
Expectorated	of Expectorate
Expectorating	of Expectorate
Expectorate	To eject from the trachea or lungs; to discharge, as phlegm or other matter, by coughing, hawking, and spitting; to spit forth.
Expectorate	To discharge matter from the lungs or throat by hawking and spitting; to spit.
Expectoration	The act of ejecting phlegm or mucus from the throat or lungs, by coughing, hawking, and spitting.
Expectoration	That which is expectorated, as phlegm or mucus.
Expectorative	Same as Expectorant.
Expede	To expedite; to hasten.
Expediate	To hasten; to expedite.
Expedience	Alt. of Expediency
Expediency	The quality of being expedient or advantageous; fitness or suitableness to effect a purpose intended; adaptedness to self-interest; desirableness; advantage; advisability; -- sometimes contradistinguished from moral rectitude.
Expediency	Expedition; haste; dispatch.
Expediency	An expedition; enterprise; adventure.
Expedient	Hastening or forward; hence, tending to further or promote a proposed object; fit or proper under the circumstances; conducive to self-interest; desirable; advisable; advantageous; -- sometimes contradistinguished from right.
Expedient	Quick; expeditious.
Expedient	That which serves to promote or advance; suitable means to accomplish an end.
Expedient	Means devised in an exigency; shift.
Expediential	Governed by expediency; seeking advantage; as an expediential policy.
Expediently	In an expedient manner; fitly; suitably; conveniently.
Expediently	With expedition; quickly.
Expediment	An expedient.
Expeditate	To deprive of the claws or the balls of the fore feet; as, to expeditate a dog that he may not chase deer.
Expedite	Free of impediment; unimpeded.
Expedite	Expeditious; quick; speedily; prompt.
Expedited	of Expedite
Expediting	of Expedite
Expedite	To relieve of impediments; to facilitate; to accelerate the process or progress of; to hasten; to quicken; as, to expedite the growth of plants.
Expedite	To despatch; to send forth; to issue officially.
Expeditely	In expedite manner; expeditiously.
Expediteness	Quality of being expedite.
Expedition	The quality of being expedite; efficient promptness; haste; dispatch; speed; quickness; as to carry the mail with expedition.
Expedition	A sending forth or setting forth the execution of some object of consequence; progress.
Expedition	An important enterprise, implying a change of place; especially, a warlike enterprise; a march or a voyage with martial intentions; an excursion by a body of persons for a valuable end; as, a military, naval, exploring, or scientific expedition; also, the body of persons making such excursion.
Expeditionary	Of or pertaining to an expedition; as, an expeditionary force.
Expeditionist	One who goes upon an expedition. [R].
Expeditious	Possessed of, or characterized by, expedition, or efficiency and rapidity in action; performed with, or acting with, expedition; quick; having celerity; speedily; as, an expeditious march or messenger.
Expeditive	Performing with speed.
Expelled	of Expel
Expelling	of Expel
Expel	To drive or force out from that within which anything is contained, inclosed, or situated; to eject; as to expel air from a bellows.
Expel	To drive away from one's country; to banish.
Expel	To cut off from further connection with an institution of learning, a society, and the like; as, to expel a student or member.
Expel	To keep out, off, or away; to exclude.
Expel	To discharge; to shoot.
Expellable	Capable of being expelled or driven out.
Expeller	One who, or that which, expels.
Expended	of Expend
Expending	of Expend
Expend	To lay out, apply, or employ in any way; to consume by use; to use up or distribute, either in payment or in donations; to spend; as, they expend money for food or in charity; to expend time labor, and thought; to expend hay in feeding cattle, oil in a lamp, water in mechanical operations.
Expend	To be laid out, used, or consumed.
Expend	To pay out or disburse money.
Expenitor	A disburser; especially, one of the disbursers of taxes for the repair of sewers.
Expenditure	The act of expending; a laying out, as of money; disbursement.
Expenditure	That which is expended or paid out; expense.
Expense	A spending or consuming; disbursement; expenditure.
Expense	That which is expended, laid out, or consumed; cost; outlay; charge; -- sometimes with the notion of loss or damage to those on whom the expense falls; as, the expenses of war; an expense of time.
Expense	Loss.
Expensefull	Full of expense; costly; chargeable.
Expenseless	Without cost or expense.
Expensive	Occasioning expense; calling for liberal outlay; costly; dear; liberal; as, expensive dress; an expensive house or family.
Expensive	Free in expending; very liberal; especially, in a bad scene; extravagant; lavish.
Experience	Trial, as a test or experiment.
Experience	The effect upon the judgment or feelings produced by any event, whether witnessed or participated in; personal and direct impressions as contrasted with description or fancies; personal acquaintance; actual enjoyment or suffering.
Experience	An act of knowledge, one or more, by which single facts or general truths are ascertained; experimental or inductive knowledge; hence, implying skill, facility, or practical wisdom gained by personal knowledge, feeling or action; as, a king without experience of war.
Experienced	of Exrerience
Experiencing	of Exrerience
Exrerience	To make practical acquaintance with; to try personally; to prove by use or trial; to have trial of; to have the lot or fortune of; to have befall one; to be affected by; to feel; as, to experience pain or pleasure; to experience poverty; to experience a change of views.
Exrerience	To exercise; to train by practice.
Experienced	Taught by practice or by repeated observations; skillful or wise by means of trials, use, or observation; as, an experienced physician, workman, soldier; an experienced eye.
Experiencer	One who experiences.
Experiencer	An experimenter.
Experient	Experienced.
Experiential	Derived from, or pertaining to, experience.
Experientialism	The doctrine that experience, either that ourselves or of others, is the test or criterion of general knowledge; -- opposed to intuitionists.
Experientiallist	One who accepts the doctrine of experientialism. Also used adjectively.
Experiment	Atrial or special observation, made to confirm or disprove something doubtful; esp., one under conditions determined by the experimenter; an act or operation undertaken in order to discover some unknown principle or effect, or to test, establish, or illustrate some suggest or known truth; practical test; poof.
Experiment	Experience.
Experimented	of Experiment
Experinenting	of Experiment
Experiment	To make experiment; to operate by test or trial; -- often with on, upon, or in, referring to the subject of an experiment; with, referring to the instrument; and by, referring to the means; as, to experiment upon electricity; he experimented in plowing with ponies, or by steam power.
Experiment	To try; to know, perceive, or prove, by trial experience.
Experimental	Pertaining to experiment; founded on, or derived from, experiment or trial; as, experimental science; given to, or skilled in, experiment; as, an experimental philosopher.
Experimental	Known by, or derived from, experience; as, experimental religion.
Experimetalist	One who makes experiments; an experimenter.
Experimentalize	To make experiments (upon); to experiment.
Experimentally	By experiment; by experience or trial.
Experimentarian	Relying on experiment or experience.
Experimentarian	One who relies on experiment or experience.
Experimentation	The act of experimenting; practice by experiment.
Experimentative	Experimental; of the nature of experiment.
Experimentator	An experimenter.
Experimenter	One who makes experiments; one skilled in experiments.
Experimentist	An experimenter.
Experrection	A waking up or arousing.
Expert	Taught by use, practice, or experience, experienced; having facility of operation or performance from practice; knowing and ready from much practice; clever; skillful; as, an expert surgeon; expert in chess or archery.
Expert	An expert or experienced person; one instructed by experience; one who has skill, experience, or extensive knowledge in his calling or in any special branch of learning.
Expert	A specialist in a particular profession or department of science requiring for its mastery peculiar culture and erudition.
Expert	A sworn appraiser.
Expert	To experience.
Expertly	In a skillful or dexterous manner; adroitly; with readiness and accuracy.
Expertness	Skill derived from practice; readiness; as, expertness in seamanship, or in reasoning.
Expetible	Worthy of being wished for; desirable.
Expiable	Capable of being expiated or atoned for; as, an expiable offense; expiable guilt.
Expiated	of Expiate
Expiating	of Expiate
Expiate	To extinguish the guilt of by sufferance of penalty or some equivalent; to make complete satisfaction for; to atone for; to make amends for; to make expiation for; as, to expiate a crime, a guilt, or sin.
Expiate	To purify with sacred rites.
Expiate	Terminated.
Expiation	The act of making satisfaction or atonement for any crime or fault; the extinguishing of guilt by suffering or penalty.
Expiation	The means by which reparation or atonement for crimes or sins is made; an expiatory sacrifice or offering; an atonement.
Expiation	An act by which the treats of prodigies were averted among the ancient heathen.
Expiatist	An expiator.
Expiator	One who makes expiation or atonement.
Expiatorious	Of an expiatory nature; expiatory.
Expiatory	Having power, or intended, to make expiation; atoning; as, an expiatory sacrifice.
Expilation	The act of expilating or stripping off; plunder; pillage.
Expilator	One who pillages; a plunderer; a pillager.
Expirable	That may expire; capable of being brought to an end.
Expirant	One who expires or is expiring.
Expiration	The act of expiring
Expiration	The act or process of breathing out, or forcing air from the lungs through the nose or mouth; as, respiration consists of inspiration and expiration; -- opposed to inspiration.
Expiration	Emission of volatile matter; exhalation.
Expiration	The last emission of breath; death.
Expiration	A coming to a close; cessation; extinction; termination; end.
Expiration	That which is expired; matter breathed forth; that which is produced by breathing out, as a sound.
Expiratory	Pertaining to, or employed in, the expiration or emission of air from the lungs; as, the expiratory muscles.
Expired	of Expire
Expiring	of Expire
Expire	To breathe out; to emit from the lungs; to throw out from the mouth or nostrils in the process of respiration; -- opposed to inspire.
Expire	To give forth insensibly or gently, as a fluid or vapor; to emit in minute particles; to exhale; as, the earth expires a damp vapor; plants expire odors.
Expire	To emit; to give out.
Expire	To bring to a close; to terminate.
Expire	To emit the breath.
Expire	To emit the last breath; to breathe out the life; to die; as, to expire calmly; to expire in agony.
Expire	To come to an end; to cease; to terminate; to perish; to become extinct; as, the flame expired; his lease expires to-day; the month expired on Saturday.
Expire	To burst forth; to fly out with a blast.
Expiring	Breathing out air from the lungs; emitting fluid or volatile matter; exhaling; breathing the last breath; dying; ending; terminating.
Expiring	Pertaining to, or uttered at, the time of dying; as, expiring words; expiring groans.
Expiry	Expiration.
Expiscate	To fish out; to find out by skill or laborious investigation; to search out.
Expiscation	The act of expiscating; a fishing.
Expiscatory	Tending to fish out; searching out
Explained	of Explain
Explaining	of Explain
Explain	To flatten; to spread out; to unfold; to expand.
Explain	To make plain, manifest, or intelligible; to clear of obscurity; to expound; to unfold and illustrate the meaning of; as, to explain a chapter of the Bible.
Explain	To give an explanation.
Explainable	Capable of being explained or made plain to the understanding; capable of being interpreted.
Explainer	One who explains; an expounder or expositor; a commentator; an interpreter.
Explanate	Spreading or extending outwardly in a flat form.
Explanation	The act of explaining, expounding, or interpreting; the act of clearing from obscurity and making intelligible; as, the explanation of a passage in Scripture, or of a contract or treaty.
Explanation	That which explains or makes clear; as, a satisfactory explanation.
Explanation	The meaning attributed to anything by one who explains it; definition; interpretation; sense.
Explanation	A mutual exposition of terms, meaning, or motives, with a view to adjust a misunderstanding, and reconcile differences; reconciliation; agreement; as, to come to an explanation.
Explanative	Explanatory.
Explanatoriness	The quality of being explanatory.
Explanatory	Serving to explain; containing explanation; as explanatory notes.
Explat	Alt. of Explate
Explate	To explain; to unfold.
Expletion	Accomplishment; fulfillment.
Expletive	Filling up; hence, added merely for the purpose of filling up; superfluous.
Expletive	A word, letter, or syllable not necessary to the sense, but inserted to fill a vacancy; an oath.
Expletively	In the manner of an expletive.
Expletory	Serving to fill up; expletive; superfluous; as, an expletory word.
Explicable	Capable of being explicated; that may be explained or accounted for; admitting explanation.
Explicableness	Quality of being explicable.
Explicate	Evolved; unfolded.
Explicated	of Explicate
Explicating	of Explicate
Explicate	To unfold; to expand; to lay open.
Explicate	To unfold the meaning or sense of; to explain; to clear of difficulties or obscurity; to interpret.
Explication	The act of opening, unfolding, or explaining; explanation; exposition; interpretation.
Explication	The sense given by an expositor.
Explicative	Serving to unfold or explain; tending to lay open to the understanding; explanatory.
Explicator	One who unfolds or explains; an expounder; an explainer.
Explicatory	Explicative.
Explicit	A word formerly used (as finis is now) at the conclusion of a book to indicate the end.
Explicit	Not implied merely, or conveyed by implication; distinctly stated; plain in language; open to the understanding; clear; not obscure or ambiguous; express; unequivocal; as, an explicit declaration.
Explicit	Having no disguised meaning or reservation; unreserved; outspoken; -- applied to persons; as, he was earnest and explicit in his statement.
Explicitly	In an explicit manner; clearly; plainly; without disguise or reservation of meaning; not by inference or implication; as, he explicitly avows his intention.
Explicitness	The quality of being explicit; clearness; directness.
Exploded	of Explode
Exploding	of Explode
Explode	To become suddenly expanded into a great volume of gas or vapor; to burst violently into flame; as gunpowder explodes.
Explode	To burst with force and a loud report; to detonate, as a shell filled with powder or the like material, or as a boiler from too great pressure of steam.
Explode	To burst forth with sudden violence and noise; as, at this, his wrath exploded.
Explode	To drive from the stage by noisy expressions of disapprobation; to hoot off; to drive away or reject noisily; as, to explode a play.
Explode	To bring into disrepute, and reject; to drive from notice and acceptance; as, to explode a scheme, fashion, or doctrine.
Explode	To cause to explode or burst noisily; to detonate; as, to explode powder by touching it with fire.
Explode	To drive out with violence and noise, as by powder.
Explodent	An instrument or agent causing explosion; an exploder; also, an explosive.
Explodent	See Explosive, n., 2.
Exploder	One who or that which explodes.
Exploder	One who rejects an opinion or scheme with open contempt.
Exploit	A deed or act; especially, a heroic act; a deed of renown; an adventurous or noble achievement; as, the exploits of Alexander the Great.
Exploit	Combat; war.
Exploit	To utilize; to make available; to get the value or usefulness out of; as, to exploit a mine or agricultural lands; to exploit public opinion.
Exploit	Hence: To draw an illegitimate profit from; to speculate on; to put upon.
Exploitation	The act of exploiting or utilizing.
Exploiture	The act of exploiting or accomplishing; achievement.
Exploiture	Exploitation.
Explorable	That may be explored; as, an explorable region.
Explorate	To explore.
Exploration	The act of exploring, penetrating, or ranging over for purposes of discovery, especially of geographical discovery; examination; as, the exploration of unknown countries
Exploration	physical examination.
Explorative	Exploratory.
Explorator	One who explores; one who examines closely; a searcher.
Exploratory	Serving or intended to explore; searching; examining; explorative.
Explored	of Explore
Exploring	of Explore
Explore	To seek for or after; to strive to attain by search; to look wisely and carefully for.
Explore	To search through or into; to penetrate or range over for discovery; to examine thoroughly; as, to explore new countries or seas; to explore the depths of science.
Explorement	The act of exploring; exploration.
Explorer	One who explores; also, an apparatus with which one explores, as a diving bell.
Eploring	Employed in, or designed for, exploration.
Explosion	The act of exploding; detonation; a chemical action which causes the sudden formation of a great volume of expanded gas; as, the explosion of gunpowder, of fire damp,etc.
Explosion	A bursting with violence and loud noise, because of internal pressure; as, the explosion of a gun, a bomb, a steam boiler, etc.
Explosion	A violent outburst of feeling, manifested by excited language, action, etc.; as, an explosion of wrath.
Explosive	Driving or bursting out with violence and noise; causing explosion; as, the explosive force of gunpowder.
Explosive	An explosive agent; a compound or mixture susceptible of a rapid chemical reaction, as gunpowder, or nitro-glycerine.
Explosive	A sound produced by an explosive impulse of the breath; (Phonetics) one of consonants p, b, t, d, k, g, which are sounded with a sort of explosive power of voice. [See Guide to Pronunciation, Ã 155-7, 184.]
Explosively	In an explosive manner.
Expoliation	See Exspoliation.
Expolish	To polish thoroughly.
Expone	To expound; to explain; also, to expose; to imperil.
Exponent	A number, letter, or any quantity written on the right hand of and above another quantity, and denoting how many times the latter is repeated as a factor to produce the power indicated
Exponent	One who, or that which, stands as an index or representative; as, the leader of a party is the exponent of its principles.
Exponential	Pertaining to exponents; involving variable exponents; as, an exponential expression; exponential calculus; an exponential function.
Exported	of Export
Exporting	of Export
Export	To carry away; to remove.
Export	To carry or send abroad, or out of a country, especially to foreign countries, as merchandise or commodities in the way of commerce; -- the opposite of import; as, to export grain, cotton, cattle, goods, etc.
Export	The act of exporting; exportation; as, to prohibit the export of wheat or tobacco.
Export	That which is exported; a commodity conveyed from one country or State to another in the way of traffic; -- used chiefly in the plural, exports.
Exportability	The quality or state of being suitable for exportation.
Exportable	Suitable for exportation; as, exportable products.
Exportation	The act of exporting; the act of conveying or sending commodities abroad or to another country, in the course of commerce.
Exportation	Commodity exported; an export.
Exportation	The act of carrying out.
Exporter	One who exports; the person who sends goods or commodities to a foreign country, in the way of commerce; -- opposed to importer.
Exposal	Exposure.
Exposed	of Expose
Exposing	of Expose
Expose	To set forth; to set out to public view; to exhibit; to show; to display; as, to expose goods for sale; to expose pictures to public inspection.
Expose	To lay bare; to lay open to attack, danger, or anything objectionable; to render accessible to anything which may affect, especially detrimentally; to make liable; as, to expose one's self to the heat of the sun, or to cold, insult, danger, or ridicule; to expose an army to destruction or defeat.
Expose	To deprive of concealment; to discover; to lay open to public inspection, or bring to public notice, as a thing that shuns publicity, something criminal, shameful, or the like; as, to expose the faults of a neighbor.
Expose	To disclose the faults or reprehensible practices of; to lay open to general condemnation or contempt by making public the character or arts of; as, to expose a cheat, liar, or hypocrite.
Expose	A formal recital or exposition of facts; exposure, or revelation, of something which some one wished to keep concealed.
Exposedness	The state of being exposed, laid open, or unprotected; as, an exposedness to sin or temptation.
Exposer	One who exposes or discloses.
Exposition	The act of exposing or laying open; a setting out or displaying to public view.
Exposition	The act of expounding or of laying open the sense or meaning of an author, or a passage; explanation; interpretation; the sense put upon a passage; a law, or the like, by an interpreter; hence, a work containing explanations or interpretations; a commentary.
Exposition	Situation or position with reference to direction of view or accessibility to influence of sun, wind, etc.; exposure; as, an easterly exposition; an exposition to the sun.
Exposition	A public exhibition or show, as of industrial and artistic productions; as, the Paris Exposition of 1878.
Expositive	Serving to explain; expository.
Expositor	One who, or that which, expounds or explains; an expounder; a commentator.
Expository	Pertaining to, or containing, exposition; serving to explain; explanatory; illustrative; exegetical.
Ex post facto	Alt. of Ex postfacto
Ex postfacto	From or by an after act, or thing done afterward; in consequence of a subsequent act; retrospective.
Expostulated	of Expostulate
Expostulating	of Expostulate
Expostulate	To reason earnestly with a person on some impropriety of his conduct, representing the wrong he has done or intends, and urging him to make redress or to desist; to remonstrate; -- followed by with.
Expostulate	To discuss; to examine.
Expostulation	The act of expostulating or reasoning with a person in opposition to some impropriety of conduct; remonstrance; earnest and kindly protest; dissuasion.
Expostulator	One who expostulates.
Expostulatory	Containing expostulation or remonstrance; as, an expostulatory discourse or letter.
Exposture	Exposure.
Exposure	The act of exposing or laying open, setting forth, laying bare of protection, depriving of care or concealment, or setting out to reprobation or contempt.
Exposure	The state of being exposed or laid open or bare; openness to danger; accessibility to anything that may affect, especially detrimentally; as, exposure to observation, to cold, to inconvenience.
Exposure	Position as to points of compass, or to influences of climate, etc.
Exposure	The exposing of a sensitized plate to the action of light.
Expounded	of Expound
Expounding	of Expound
Expound	To lay open; to expose to view; to examine.
Expound	To lay open the meaning of; to explain; to clear of obscurity; to interpret; as, to expound a text of Scripture, a law, a word, a meaning, or a riddle.
Expounder	One who expounds or explains; an interpreter.
Express	Exactly representing; exact.
Express	Directly and distinctly stated; declared in terms; not implied or left to inference; made unambiguous by intention and care; clear; not dubious; as, express consent; an express statement.
Express	Intended for a particular purpose; relating to an express; sent on a particular errand; dispatched with special speed; as, an express messenger or train. Also used adverbially.
Express	A clear image or representation; an expression; a plain declaration.
Express	A messenger sent on a special errand; a courier; hence, a regular and fast conveyance; commonly, a company or system for the prompt and safe transportation of merchandise or parcels; also, a railway train for transporting passengers or goods with speed and punctuality.
Express	An express office.
Express	That which is sent by an express messenger or message.
Expressed	of Express
Expressing	of Express
Express	To press or squeeze out; as, to express the juice of grapes, or of apples; hence, to extort; to elicit.
Express	To make or offer a representation of; to show by a copy or likeness; to represent; to resemble.
Express	To give a true impression of; to represent and make known; to manifest plainly; to show in general; to exhibit, as an opinion or feeling, by a look, gesture, and esp. by language; to declare; to utter; to tell.
Express	To make known the opinions or feelings of; to declare what is in the mind of; to show (one's self); to cause to appear; -- used reflexively.
Express	To denote; to designate.
Express	To send by express messenger; to forward by special opportunity, or through the medium of an express; as, to express a package.
Expressage	The charge for carrying a parcel by express.
Expressible	Capable of being expressed, squeezed out, shown, represented, or uttered.
Expression	The act of expressing; the act of forcing out by pressure; as, the expression of juices or oils; also, of extorting or eliciting; as, a forcible expression of truth.
Expression	The act of declaring or signifying; declaration; utterance; as, an expression of the public will.
Expression	Lively or vivid representation of meaning, sentiment, or feeling, etc.; significant and impressive indication, whether by language, appearance, or gesture; that manner or style which gives life and suggestive force to ideas and sentiments; as, he reads with expression; her performance on the piano has expression.
Expression	That which is expressed by a countenance, a posture, a work of art, etc.; look, as indicative of thought or feeling.
Expression	A form of words in which an idea or sentiment is conveyed; a mode of speech; a phrase; as, a common expression; an odd expression.
Expression	The representation of any quantity by its appropriate characters or signs.
Expressional	Of, or relating to, expression; phraseological; also, vividly representing or suggesting an idea or sentiment.
Expressionless	Destitute of expression.
Expressive	Serving to express, utter, or represent; indicative; communicative; -- followed by of; as, words expressive of his gratitude.
Expressive	Full of expression; vividly representing the meaning or feeling meant to be conveyed; significant; emphatic; as, expressive looks or words.
Expressly	In an express manner; in direct terms; with distinct purpose; particularly; as, a book written expressly for the young.
Expressmen	of Expressman
Expressman	A person employed in the express business; also, the driver of a job wagon.
Expressness	The state or quality of being express; definiteness.
Expressure	The act of expressing; expression; utterance; representation.
Exprobrate	To charge upon with reproach; to upbraid.
Exprobration	Reproachful accusation; upbraiding.
Exprobrative	Alt. of Exprobratory
Exprobratory	Expressing reproach; upbraiding; reproachful.
Expropriate	To put out of one's possession; to surrender the ownership of; also, to deprive of possession or proprietary rights.
Expropriation	The act of expropriating; the surrender of a claim to exclusive property; the act of depriving of ownership or proprietary rights.
Expugn	To take by assault; to storm; to overcome; to vanquish; as, to expugn cities; to expugn a person by arguments.
Expugnable	Capable of being expugned.
Expugnation	The act of taking by assault; conquest.
Expugner	One who expugns.
Expulse	To drive out; to expel.
Expulser	An expeller.
Expulsion	The act of expelling; a driving or forcing out; summary removal from membership, association, etc.
Expulsion	The state of being expelled or driven out.
Expulsive	Having the power of driving out or away; serving to expel.
Expunction	The act of expunging or erasing; the condition of being expunged.
Expunged	of Expunge
Expunging	of Expunge
Expunge	To blot out, as with pen; to rub out; to efface designedly; to obliterate; to strike out wholly; as, to expunge words, lines, or sentences.
Expunge	To strike out; to wipe out or destroy; to annihilate; as, to expugne an offense.
Expurgated	of Expurgate
Expurgating	of Expurgate
Expurgate	To purify; to clear from anything noxious, offensive, or erroneous; to cleanse; to purge; as, to expurgate a book.
Expurgation	The act of expurgating, purging, or cleansing; purification from anything noxious, offensive, sinful, or erroneous.
Expurgator	One who expurgates or purifies.
Expurgatorial	Tending or serving to expurgate; expurgatory.
Expurgatorious	Expurgatory.
Expurgatory	Serving to purify from anything noxious or erroneous; cleansing; purifying.
Expurge	To purge away.
Exquire	To search into or out.
Exquisite	Carefully selected or sought out; hence, of distinguishing and surpassing quality; exceedingly nice; delightfully excellent; giving rare satisfaction; as, exquisite workmanship.
Exquisite	Exceeding; extreme; keen; -- used in a bad or a good sense; as, exquisite pain or pleasure.
Exquisite	Of delicate perception or close and accurate discrimination; not easy to satisfy; exact; nice; fastidious; as, exquisite judgment, taste, or discernment.
Exquisite	One who manifests an exquisite attention to external appearance; one who is overnice in dress or ornament; a fop; a dandy.
Exquisitely	In an exquisite manner or degree; as, lace exquisitely wrought.
Exquisiteness	Quality of being exquisite.
Exquisitive	Eager to discover or learn; curious.
Exsanguine	Bloodless.
Exsanguineous	Destitute of blood; anaemic; exsanguious.
Exsanguinity	Privation or destitution of blood; -- opposed to plethora.
Exsanguinous	See Exsanguious.
Exsanguious	Destitute of blood.
Exsanguious	Destitute of true, or red, blood, as insects.
Exscinded	of Exscind
Exscinding	of Exscind
Exscind	To cut off; to separate or expel from union; to extirpate.
Exscribe	To copy; to transcribe.
Exscript	A copy; a transcript.
Exscriptural	Not in accordance with the doctrines of Scripture; unscriptural.
Exscutellate	Without, or apparently without, a scutellum; -- said of certain insects.
Exsect	A cutting out or away.
Exsect	The removal by operation of a portion of a limb; particularly, the removal of a portion of a bone in the vicinity of a joint; the act or process of cutting out.
Exsert	Alt. of Exserted
Exserted	Standing out; projecting beyond some other part; as, exsert stamens.
Exsertile	Capable of being thrust out or protruded.
Exsiccant	Having the quality of drying up; causing a drying up.
Exsiccant	An exsiccant medicine.
Exsiccated	of Exsiccate
Exsiccating	of Exsiccate
Exsiccate	To exhaust or evaporate moisture from; to dry up.
Exsiccation	The act of operation of drying; evaporation or expulsion of moisture; state of being dried up; dryness.
Exsiccative	Tending to make dry; having the power of drying.
Exsiccator	An apparatus for drying substances or preserving them from moisture; a desiccator; also, less frequently, an agent employed to absorb moisture, as calcium chloride, or concentrated sulphuric acid.
Exsiliency	A leaping out.
Exsolution	Relaxation.
Exspoliation	Spoliation.
Exspuition	A discharge of saliva by spitting.
Exsputory	Spit out, or as if spit out.
Exstipulate	Having no stipules.
Exstrophy	The eversion or turning out of any organ, or of its inner surface; as, exstrophy of the eyelid or of the bladder.
Exsuccous	Destitute of juice; dry; sapless. Latham.
Exsuction	The act of sucking out.
Exsudation	Exudation.
Exsufflate	To exorcise or renounce by blowing.
Exsufflation	A blast from beneath.
Exsufflation	A kind of exorcism by blowing with the breath.
Exsufflation	A strongly forced expiration of air from the lungs.
Exsufflicate	Empty; frivolous.
Exsuscitate	To rouse; to excite.
Exsuscitation	A stirring up; a rousing.
Extacy	See Ecstasy.
Extance	Outward existence.
Extancy	The state of rising above others; a projection.
Extant	Standing out or above any surface; protruded.
Extant	Still existing; not destroyed or lost; outstanding.
Extant	Publicly known; conspicuous.
Extasy	See Ecstasy, n. & v. t.
Extatic	See Ecstatic, a.
Extemporal	Extemporaneous; unpremeditated.
Extemporanean	Extemporaneous.
Extemporaneous	Composed, performed, or uttered on the spur of the moment, or without previous study; unpremeditated; off-hand; extempore; extemporary; as, an extemporaneous address or production.
Extemporarily	Extemporaneously.
Extemporary	Extemporaneous.
Extemporary	Made for the occasion; for the time being.
Extempore	Without previous study or meditation; without preparation; on the spur of the moment; suddenly; extemporaneously; as, to write or speak extempore.
Extempore	Done or performed extempore.
Extempore	Speaking or writing done extempore.
Extemporiness	The quality of being done or devised extempore
Extemporization	The act of extemporizing; the act of doing anything extempore.
Extemporized	of Extemporize
Extemporizing	of Extemporize
Extemporize	To speak extempore; especially, to discourse without special preparation; to make an offhand address.
Extemporize	To do, make, or utter extempore or off-hand; to prepare in great haste, under urgent necessity, or with scanty or unsuitable materials; as, to extemporize a dinner, a costume, etc.
Extemporizer	One who extemporizes.
Extended	of Extend
Extending	of Extend
Extend	To stretch out; to prolong in space; to carry forward or continue in length; as, to extend a line in surveying; to extend a cord across the street.
Extend	To enlarge, as a surface or volume; to expand; to spread; to amplify; as, to extend metal plates by hammering or rolling them.
Extend	To enlarge; to widen; to carry out further; as, to extend the capacities, the sphere of usefulness, or commerce; to extend power or influence; to continue, as time; to lengthen; to prolong; as, to extend the time of payment or a season of trail.
Extend	To hold out or reach forth, as the arm or hand.
Extend	To bestow; to offer; to impart; to apply; as, to extend sympathy to the suffering.
Extend	To increase in quantity by weakening or adulterating additions; as, to extend liquors.
Extend	To value, as lands taken by a writ of extent in satisfaction of a debt; to assign by writ of extent.
Extendant	Displaced.
Extendedly	In an extended manner.
Extender	One who, or that which, extends or stretches anything.
Extendible	Capable of being extended, susceptible of being stretched, extended, enlarged, widened, or expanded.
Extendible	Liable to be taken by a writ of extent.
Extendlessness	Unlimited extension.
Extense	Outreaching; expansive; extended, superficially or otherwise.
Extensibility	The quality of being extensible; the capacity of being extended; as, the extensibility of a fiber, or of a plate of metal.
Extensible	Capable of being extended, whether in length or breadth; susceptible of enlargement; extensible; extendible; -- the opposite of contractible or compressible.
Extensibleness	Extensibility.
Extensile	Suited for, or capable of, extension; extensible.
Extension	The act of extending or the state of being extended; a stretching out; enlargement in breadth or continuation of length; increase; augmentation; expansion.
Extension	That property of a body by which it occupies a portion of space.
Extension	Capacity of a concept or general term to include a greater or smaller number of objects; -- correlative of intension.
Extension	The operation of stretching a broken bone so as to bring the fragments into the same straight line.
Extension	The straightening of a limb, in distinction from flexion.
Extension	A written engagement on the part of a creditor, allowing a debtor further time to pay a debt.
Extensional	Having great extent.
Extensionist	One who favors or advocates extension.
Extensive	Having wide extent; of much superficial extent; expanded; large; broad; wide; comprehensive; as, an extensive farm; an extensive lake; an extensive sphere of operations; extensive benevolence; extensive greatness.
Extensive	Capable of being extended.
Extensively	To a great extent; widely; largely; as, a story is extensively circulated.
Extensiveness	The state of being extensive; wideness; largeness; extent; diffusiveness.
Extensometer	An instrument for measuring the extension of a body, especially for measuring the elongation of bars of iron, steel, or other material, when subjected to a tensile force.
Extensor	A muscle which serves to extend or straighten any part of the body, as an arm or a finger; -- opposed to flexor.
Extensure	Extension.
Extent	Extended.
Extent	Space or degree to which a thing is extended; hence, superficies; compass; bulk; size; length; as, an extent of country or of line; extent of information or of charity.
Extent	Degree; measure; proportion.
Extent	A peculiar species of execution upon debts due to the crown, under which the lands and goods of the debtor may be seized to secure payment.
Extent	A process of execution by which the lands and goods of a debtor are valued and delivered to the creditor.
Extenuated	of Extenuate
Extenuating	of Extenuate
Extenuate	To make thin or slender; to draw out so as to lessen the thickness.
Extenuate	To lessen; to palliate; to lessen or weaken the force of; to diminish the conception of, as crime, guilt, faults, ills, accusations, etc.; -- opposed to aggravate.
Extenuate	To lower or degrade; to detract from.
Extenuate	To become thinner; to make excuses; to advance palliating considerations.
Extenuate	Thin; slender.
Extenuation	The act of axtenuating or the state of being extenuated; the act of making thin, slender, or lean, or of palliating; diminishing, or lessening; palliation, as of a crime; mitigation, as of punishment.
Extenuator	One who extenuates.
Extenuatory	Tending to extenuate or palliate.
Exterior	External; outward; pertaining to that which is external; -- opposed to interior; as, the exterior part of a sphere.
Exterior	External; on the outside; without the limits of; extrinsic; as, an object exterior to a man, opposed to what is within, or in his mind.
Exterior	Relating to foreign nations; foreign; as, the exterior relations of a state or kingdom.
Exterior	The outward surface or part of a thing; that which is external; outside.
Exterior	Outward or external deportment, form, or ceremony; visible act; as, the exteriors of religion.
Exteriority	Surface; superficies; externality.
Exteriorly	Outwardly; externally; on the exterior.
Exterminated	of Exterminate
Exterminating	of Exterminate
Exterminate	To drive out or away; to expel.
Exterminate	To destroy utterly; to cut off; to extirpate; to annihilate; to root out; as, to exterminate a colony, a tribe, or a nation; to exterminate error or vice.
Exterminate	To eliminate, as unknown quantities.
Extermination	The act of exterminating; total destruction; eradication; excision; as, the extermination of inhabitants or tribes, of error or vice, or of weeds from a field.
Extermination	Elimination.
Exterminator	One who, or that which, exterminates.
Exterminatory	Of or pertaining to extermination; tending to exterminate.
Extermine	To exterminate; to destroy.
Extern	External; outward; not inherent.
Extern	A pupil in a seminary who lives without its walls; a day scholar.
Extern	Outward form or part; exterior.
External	Outward; exterior; relating to the outside, as of a body; being without; acting from without; -- opposed to internal; as, the external form or surface of a body.
External	Outside of or separate from ourselves; (Metaph.) separate from the perceiving mind.
External	Outwardly perceptible; visible; physical or corporeal, as distinguished from mental or moral.
External	Not intrinsic nor essential; accidental; accompanying; superficial.
External	Foreign; relating to or connected with foreign nations; as, external trade or commerce; the external relations of a state or kingdom.
External	Away from the mesial plane of the body; lateral.
External	Something external or without; outward part; that which makes a show, rather than that which is intrinsic; visible form; -- usually in the plural.
Externalism	The quality of being manifest to the senses; external acts or appearances; regard for externals.
Externalism	That philosophy or doctrine which recognizes or deals only with externals, or objects of sense perception; positivism; phenomenalism.
Externalistic	Pertaining to externalism
Externality	State of being external; exteriority
Externality	separation from the perceiving mind.
Externalize	To make external; to manifest by outward form.
Externally	In an external manner; outwardly; on the outside; in appearance; visibly.
Externe	An officer in attendance upon a hospital, but not residing in it; esp., one who cares for the out-patients.
Exterraneous	Foreign; belonging to, or coming from, abroad.
Exterritorial	Beyond the territorial limits; foreign to, or exempt from, the territorial jurisdiction.
Exterritoriality	The state of being beyond the limits of a country.
Exterritoriality	The state of being free from the jurisdiction of a country when within its territorial limits.
Extersion	The act of wiping or rubbing out.
Extilled	of Extill
Extilling	of Extill
Extill	To drop or distill.
Extillation	Distillation.
Extimulate	To stimulate.
Extimulation	Stimulation.
Extinct	Extinguished; put out; quenched; as, a fire, a light, or a lamp, is extinct; an extinct volcano.
Extinct	Without a survivor; without force; dead; as, a family becomes extinct; an extinct feud or law.
Extinct	To cause to be extinct.
Extinction	The act of extinguishing or making extinct; a putting an end to; the act of putting out or destroying light, fire, life, activity, influence, etc.
Extinction	State of being extinguished or of ceasing to be; destruction; suppression; as, the extinction of life, of a family, of a quarrel, of claim.
Extine	The outer membrane of the grains of pollen of flowering plants.
Extinguished	of Extinguish
Extinguishing	of Extinguish
Extinguish	To quench; to put out, as a light or fire; to stifle; to cause to die out; to put an end to; to destroy; as, to extinguish a flame, or life, or love, or hope, a pretense or a right.
Extinguish	To obscure; to eclipse, as by superior splendor.
Extinguishable	Capable of being quenched, destroyed, or suppressed.
Extinguisher	One who, or that which, extinguishes; esp., a hollow cone or other device for extinguishing a flame, as of a torch or candle.
Extinguishment	The act of extinguishing, putting out, or quenching, or the state of being extinguished; extinction; suppression; destruction; nullification; as, the extinguishment of fire or flame, of discord, enmity, or jealousy, or of love or affection.
Extinguishment	The annihilation or extinction of a right or obligation.
Extirp	To extirpate.
Extirpable	Capable of being extirpated or eradicated; as, an extirpable plant.
Extirpated	of Extirpate
Extirpating	of Extirpate
Extirpate	To pluck up by the stem or root; to root out; to eradicate, literally or figuratively; to destroy wholly; as, to extirpate weeds; to extirpate a tumor; to extirpate a sect; to extirpate error or heresy.
Extirpation	The act of extirpating or rooting out, or the state of being extirpated; eradication; excision; total destruction; as, the extirpation of weeds from land, of evil from the heart, of a race of men, of heresy.
Extirpative	Capable of rooting out, or tending to root out.
Extirpator	One who extirpates or roots out; a destroyer.
Extirpatory	Extirpative.
Extirper	Extirpator.
Extispicious	Relating to the inspection of entrails for prognostication.
Extogenous	Exogenous.
Extolled	of Extol
Extolling	of Extol
Extol	To place on high; to lift up; to elevate.
Extol	To elevate by praise; to eulogize; to praise; to magnify; as, to extol virtue; to extol an act or a person.
Extoller	One who extols; one who praises.
Extolment	Praise.
Extorsive	Serving or tending to extort.
Extorted	of Extort
Extorting	of Extort
Extort	To wrest from an unwilling person by physical force, menace, duress, torture, or any undue or illegal exercise of power or ingenuity; to wrench away (from); to tear away; to wring (from); to exact; as, to extort contributions from the vanquished; to extort confessions of guilt; to extort a promise; to extort payment of a debt.
Extort	To get by the offense of extortion. See Extortion, 2.
Extort	To practice extortion.
Extort	Extorted.
Extorter	One who practices extortion.
Extortion	The act of extorting; the act or practice of wresting anything from a person by force, by threats, or by any undue exercise of power; undue exaction; overcharge.
Extortion	The offense committed by an officer who corruptly claims and takes, as his fee, money, or other thing of value, that is not due, or more than is due, or before it is due.
Extortion	That which is extorted or exacted by force.
Extortionary	Extortionate.
Extortionate	Characterized by extortion; oppressive; hard.
Extortioner	One who practices extortion.
Extortious	Extortionate.
Extra-	A Latin preposition, denoting beyond, outside of; -- often used in composition as a prefix signifying outside of, beyond, besides, or in addition to what is denoted by the word to which it is prefixed.
Extra	Beyond what is due, usual, expected, or necessary; additional; supernumerary; also, extraordinarily good; superior; as, extra work; extra pay.
Extras	of Extra
Extra	Something in addition to what is due, expected, or customary; something in addition to the regular charge or compensation, or for which an additional charge is made; as, at European hotels lights are extras.
Extraarticular	Situated outside of a joint.
Extraaxillar	Alt. of Extraaxillary
Extraaxillary	Growing outside of the axils; as, an extra-axillary bud.
Extrabranchial	Outside of the branchial arches; -- said of the cartilages thus placed in some fishes.
Extracapsular	Situated outside of a capsule, esp. outside the capsular ligament of a joint.
Extracted	of Extract
Extracting	of Extract
Extract	To draw out or forth; to pull out; to remove forcibly from a fixed position, as by traction or suction, etc.; as, to extract a tooth from its socket, a stump from the earth, a splinter from the finger.
Extract	To withdraw by expression, distillation, or other mechanical or chemical process; as, to extract an essence.  Cf. Abstract, v. t., 6.
Extract	To take by selection; to choose out; to cite or quote, as a passage from a book.
Extract	That which is extracted or drawn out.
Extract	A portion of a book or document, separately transcribed; a citation; a quotation.
Extract	A decoction, solution, or infusion made by drawing out from any substance that which gives it its essential and characteristic virtue; essence; as, extract of beef; extract of dandelion; also, any substance so extracted, and characteristic of that from which it is obtained; as, quinine is the most important extract of Peruvian bark.
Extract	A solid preparation obtained by evaporating a solution of a drug, etc., or the fresh juice of a plant; -- distinguished from an abstract. See Abstract, n., 4.
Extract	A peculiar principle once erroneously supposed to form the basis of all vegetable extracts; -- called also the extractive principle.
Extract	Extraction; descent.
Extract	A draught or copy of writing; certified copy of the proceedings in an action and the judgement therein, with an order for execution.
Extractable	Alt. of Extractible
Extractible	Capable of being extracted.
Extractiform	Having the form, appearance, or nature, of an extract.
Extraction	The act of extracting, or drawing out; as, the extraction of a tooth, of a bone or an arrow from the body, of a stump from earth, of a passage from a book, of an essence or tincture.
Extraction	Derivation from a stock or family; lineage; descent; birth; the stock from which one has descended.
Extraction	That which is extracted; extract; essence.
Extractive	Capable of being extracted.
Extractive	Tending or serving to extract or draw out.
Extractive	Anything extracted; an extract.
Extractive	A chemical principle once supposed to exist in all extracts.
Extractive	Any one of a large class of substances obtained by extraction, and consisting largely of nitrogenous hydrocarbons, such as xanthin, hypoxanthin, and creatin extractives from muscle tissue.
Extractor	One who, or that which, extracts
Extractor	A forceps or instrument for extracting substances.
Extractor	A device for withdrawing a cartridge or spent cartridge shell from the chamber of the barrel.
Extradictionary	Consisting not in words, but in realities.
Extraditable	Subject, or liable, to extradition, as a fugitive from justice.
Extraditable	Making liable to extradition; as, extraditable offenses.
Extradited	of Extradite
Extraditing	of Extradite
Extradite	To deliver up by one government to another, as a fugitive from justice. See Extradition.
Extradition	The surrender or delivery of an alleged criminal by one State or sovereignty to another having jurisdiction to try charge.
Extrados	The exterior curve of an arch; esp., the upper curved face of the whole body of voussoirs. See Intrados.
Extradotal	Forming no part of the dowry; as, extradotal property.
Extrafoliaceous	Away from the leaves, or inserted in a different place from them; as, extrafoliaceous prickles.
Extraforaneous	Pertaining to that which is out of doors.
Extrageneous	Belonging to another race or kind.
Extrajudicial	Out of or beyond the proper authority of a court or judge; beyond jurisdiction; not legally required.
Extralimitary	Being beyond the limit or bounds; as, extraliminary land.
Extralogical	Lying outside of the domain of logic.
Extramission	A sending out; emission.
Extramundane	Beyond the material world.
Extramural	Outside of the walls, as of a fortified or walled city.
Extraneity	State of being without or beyond a thing; foreignness.
Extraneous	Not belonging to, or dependent upon, a thing; without or beyond a thing; not essential or intrinsic; foreign; as, to separate gold from extraneous matter.
Extra-ocular	Inserted exterior to the eyes; -- said of the antennae of certain insects.
Extra-official	Not prescribed by official duty.
Extraordinarily	In an extraordinary manner or degree.
Extraordinariness	The quality of being extraordinary.
Extraordinary	Beyond or out of the common order or method; not usual, customary, regular, or ordinary; as, extraordinary evils; extraordinary remedies.
Extraordinary	Exceeding the common degree, measure. or condition; hence, remarkable; uncommon; rare; wonderful; as, extraordinary talents or grandeur.
Extraordinary	Employed or sent upon an unusual or special service; as, an ambassador extraordinary.
Extraordinaries	of Extraordinary
Extraordinary	That which is extraordinary; -- used especially in the plural; as, extraordinaries excepted, there is nothing to prevent success.
Extraparochial	Beyond the limits of a parish.
Extraphysical	Not subject to physical laws or methods.
Extraprofessional	Foreign to a profession; not within the ordinary limits of professional duty or business.
Extraprovincial	Not within of pertaining to the same province or jurisdiction.
Extraregular	Not comprehended within a rule or rules.
Extrastapedial	Pertaining to a part of the columella of the ear, which, in many animals, projects beyond the connection with the stapes.
Extrastapedial	The extrastapedial part of columella.
Extraterritorial	Beyond the limits of a territory or particular jurisdiction; exterritorial.
Extraterritoriality	The state of being beyond the limits of a particular territory
Extraterritoriality	A fiction by which a public minister, though actually in a foreign country, is supposed still to remain within the territory of his own sovereign or nation.
Extratropical	Beyond or outside of the tropics.
Extraught	Extracted; descended.
Extra-uterine	Outside of the uterus, or womb.
Extravagance	A wandering beyond proper limits; an excursion or sally from the usual way, course, or limit.
Extravagance	The state of being extravagant, wild, or prodigal beyond bounds of propriety or duty; want of moderation; excess; especially, undue expenditure of money; vaid and superfluous expense; prodigality; as, extravagance of anger, love, expression, imagination, demands.
Extravagancies	of Extravagancy
Extravagancy	Extravagance.
Extravagant	Wandering beyond one's bounds; roving; hence, foreign.
Extravagant	Exceeding due bounds; wild; excessive; unrestrained; as, extravagant acts, wishes, praise, abuse.
Extravagant	Profuse in expenditure; prodigal; wasteful; as, an extravagant man.
Extravagant	One who is confined to no general rule.
Extravagant	Certain constitutions or decretal epistles, not at first included with others, but subsequently made a part of the canon law.
Extravagantly	In an extravagant manner; wildly; excessively; profusely.
Extravagantness	The state of being extravagant or in excess; excess; extravagance.
Extravaganza	A composition, as in music, or in the drama, designed to produce effect by its wild irregularity; esp., a musical caricature.
Extravaganza	An extravagant flight of sentiment or language.
Extravagate	To rove.
Extravagation	A wandering beyond limits; excess.
Extravasated	of Extravasate
Extravasating	of Extravasate
Extravasate	To force or let out of the proper vessels or arteries, as blood.
Extravasation	The act of forcing or letting out of its proper vessels or ducts, as a fluid; effusion; as, an extravasation of blood after a rupture of the vessels.
Extravascular	Outside the vessels; -- said of the substance of all the tissues.
Extravascular	Destitute of vessels; non-vascular.
Extravenate	Let out of the veins.
Extraversion	The act of throwing out; the state of being turned or thrown out.
Extreat	Extraction.
Extreme	At the utmost point, edge, or border; outermost; utmost; farthest; most remote; at the widest limit.
Extreme	Last; final; conclusive; -- said of time; as, the extreme hour of life.
Extreme	The best of worst; most urgent; greatest; highest; immoderate; excessive; most violent; as, an extreme case; extreme folly.
Extreme	Radical; ultra; as, extreme opinions.
Extreme	Extended or contracted as much as possible; -- said of intervals; as, an extreme sharp second; an extreme flat forth.
Extreme	The utmost point or verge; that part which terminates a body; extremity.
Extreme	Utmost limit or degree that is supposable or tolerable; hence, furthest degree; any undue departure from the mean; -- often in the plural: things at an extreme distance from each other, the most widely different states, etc.; as, extremes of heat and cold, of virtue and vice; extremes meet.
Extreme	An extreme state or condition; hence, calamity, danger, distress, etc.
Extreme	Either of the extreme terms of a syllogism, the middle term being interposed between them.
Extreme	The first or the last term of a proportion or series.
Extremeless	Having no extremes; infinite.
Extremely	In an extreme manner or state; in the utmost degree; to the utmost point; exceedingly; as, extremely hot or cold.
Extremist	A supporter of extreme doctrines or practice; one who holds extreme opinions.
Extremities	of Extremity
Extremity	The extreme part; the utmost limit; the farthest or remotest point or part; as, the extremities of a country.
Extremity	One of locomotive appendages of an animal; a limb; a leg or an arm of man.
Extremity	The utmost point; highest degree; most aggravated or intense form.
Extremity	The highest degree of inconvenience, pain, or suffering; greatest need or peril; extreme need; necessity.
Extricable	Capable of being extricated.
Extricated	of Extricate
Extricating	of Extricate
Extricate	To free, as from difficulties or perplexities; to disentangle; to disembarrass; as, to extricate a person from debt, peril, etc.
Extricate	To cause to be emitted or evolved; as, to extricate heat or moisture.
Extrication	The act or process of extricating or disentangling; a freeing from perplexities; disentanglement.
Extrication	The act of sending out or evolving.
Extrinsic	Not contained in or belonging to a body; external; outward; unessential; -- opposed to intrinsic.
Extrinsic	Attached partly to an organ or limb and partly to some other part/ -- said of certain groups of muscles. Opposed to intrinsic.
Extrinsical	Extrinsic.
Extrinsicality	Alt. of Extrinsicalness
Extrinsicalness	The state or quality of being extrinsic.
Extroitive	Seeking or going out after external objects.
Extrorsal	Extrorse.
Extrorse	Facing outwards, or away from the axis of growth; -- said esp. of anthers occupying the outer side of the filament.
Extroversion	The condition of being turned wrong side out; as, extroversion of the bladder.
Extruct	To construct.
Extruction	A building up; construction.
Extructive	Constructive.
Extructor	A builder.
Extruded	of Extrude
Extruding	of Extrude
Extrude	To thrust out; to force, press, or push out; to expel; to drive off or away.
Extrusion	The act of thrusting or pushing out; a driving out; expulsion.
Extuberance	A swelling or rising; protuberance.
Extuberancy	Extuberance.
Extuberant	Swollen out; protuberant.
Extuberate	To swell out.
Extuberation	Protuberance.
Extumescence	A swelling or rising.
Exuberance	The state of being exuberant; an overflowing quantity; a copious or excessive production or supply; superabundance; richness; as, an exuberance of joy, of fancy, or of foliage.
Exuberancy	Exuberance.
Exuberant	Characterized by abundance or superabundance; plenteous; rich; overflowing; copious or excessive in production; as, exuberant goodness; an exuberant intellect; exuberant foliage.
Exuberate	To abound; to be in great abundance.
Exuccous	See Exsuccous.
Exudate	To exude.
Exudation	The act of exuding; sweating; a discharge of humors, moisture, juice, or gum, as through pores or incisions; also, the substance exuded.
Exuded	of Exude
exuding	of Exude
Exude	To discharge through pores or incisions, as moisture or other liquid matter; to give out.
Exude	To flow from a body through the pores, or by a natural discharge, as juice.
Exulcerate	To ulcerate.
Exulcerate	To corrode; to fret; to chafe; to inflame.
Exulcerate	Very sore; ulcerated.
Exulceration	Ulceration.
Exulceration	A fretting; a festering; soreness.
Exulcerative	Tending to cause ulcers; exulceratory.
Exulceratory	Having a tendency to form ulcers; rendering ulcerous.
Exulted	of Exult
Exulting	of Exult
Exult	To be in high spirits; figuratively, to leap for joy; to rejoice in triumph or exceedingly; to triumph; as, an exulting heart.
Exultance	Alt. of Exultancy
Exultancy	Exultation.
Exultant	Inclined to exult; characterized by, or expressing, exultation; rejoicing triumphantly.
Exultation	The act of exulting; lively joy at success or victory, or at any advantage gained; rapturous delight; triumph.
Exulting	Rejoicing triumphantly or exceedingly; exultant.
Exundate	To overflow; to inundate.
Exundation	An overflow, or overflowing abundance.
Exungulated	of Exungulate
Exungulating	of Exungulate
Exungulate	To pare off, as nails, the hoof, etc.
Exuperable	Surmountable; superable.
Exuperance	Superiority; superfluity.
Exuperant	Surpassing; exceeding; surmounting.
Exuperate	To excel; to surmount.
Exuperation	The act of rising or coming into view.
Exurgent	Arising; coming to light.
Exuscitate	See Exsuscitate
Exustion	The act or operation of burning up.
Exutory	An issue.
Exuvia	n. sing. of Exuviae.
Exuviability	Capability of shedding the skin periodically.
Exuviable	Capable of being cast off in the form of exuviae.
Exuviae	Cast skins, shells, or coverings of animals; any parts of animals which are shed or cast off, as the skins of snakes, the shells of lobsters, etc.
Exuviae	The fossil shells and other remains which animals have left in the strata of the earth.
Exuvial	Of or pertaining to exuviae.
Exuviated	of Exuviate
Exuviating	of Exuviate
Exuviate	To shed an old covering or condition preliminary to taking on a new one; to molt.
Exuviation	The rejecting or casting off of some part, more particularly, the outer cuticular layer, as the shells of crustaceans, skins of snakes, etc.; molting; ecdysis.
Ex-votos	of Ex-voto
Ex-voto	An offering to a church in fulfillment of a vow.
Ey	An island.
Eyren	of Ey
Ey	See Egg.
Ey	An interj. of wonder or inquiry.
Eyalet	Formerly, one of the administrative divisions or provinces of the Ottoman Empire; -- now called a vilayet.
Eyas	A nesting or unfledged bird; in falconry, a young hawk from the nest, not able to prey for itself.
Eyas	Unfledged, or newly fledged.
Eyasmusket	An unfledged or young male sparrow hawk.
Eye	A brood; as, an eye of pheasants.
Eye	The organ of sight or vision. In man, and the vertebrates generally, it is properly the movable ball or globe in the orbit, but the term often includes the adjacent parts. In most invertebrates the years are immovable ocelli, or compound eyes made up of numerous ocelli. See Ocellus.
Eye	The faculty of seeing; power or range of vision; hence, judgment or taste in the use of the eye, and in judging of objects; as, to have the eye of sailor; an eye for the beautiful or picturesque.
Eye	The action of the organ of sight; sight, look; view; ocular knowledge; judgment; opinion.
Eye	The space commanded by the organ of sight; scope of vision; hence, face; front; the presence of an object which is directly opposed or confronted; immediate presence.
Eye	Observation; oversight; watch; inspection; notice; attention; regard.
Eye	That which resembles the organ of sight, in form, position, or appearance
Eye	The spots on a feather, as of peacock.
Eye	The scar to which the adductor muscle is attached in oysters and other bivalve shells; also, the adductor muscle itself, esp. when used as food, as in the scallop.
Eye	The bud or sprout of a plant or tuber; as the eye of a potato.
Eye	The center of a target; the bull's-eye.
Eye	A small loop to receive a hook; as hooks and eyes on a dress.
Eye	The hole through the head of a needle.
Eye	A loop forming part of anything, or a hole through anything, to receive a rope, hook, pin, shaft, etc.; as an eye at the end of a tie bar in a bridge truss; as an eye through a crank; an eye at the end of rope.
Eye	The hole through the upper millstone.
Eye	That which resembles the eye in relative importance or beauty.
Eye	Tinge; shade of color.
Eyed	of Eye
Eying / Eyeing	of Eye
Eye	To fix the eye on; to look on; to view; to observe; particularly, to observe or watch narrowly, or with fixed attention; to hold in view.
Eye	To appear; to look.
Eyeball	The ball or globe of the eye.
Eyebar	A bar with an eye at one or both ends.
Eyebeam	A glance of the eye.
Eyebolt	A bolt which a looped head, or an opening in the head.
Eyebright	A small annual plant (Euphrasia officinalis), formerly much used as a remedy for diseases of the eye.
Eyebrow	The brow or hairy arch above the eye.
Eyecup	A small oval porcelain or glass cup, having a rim curved to fit the orbit of the eye. it is used in the application of liquid remedies to eyes; -- called also eyeglass.
Eyed	Heaving (such or so many) eyes; -- used in composition; as sharp-eyed; dull-eyed; sad-eyed; ox-eyed Juno; myriad-eyed.
Eyedrop	A tear.
Eyeflap	A blinder on a horse's bridle.
Eyeful	Filling or satisfying the eye; visible; remarkable.
Eyeglance	A glance of eye.
Eyeglass	A lens of glass to assist the sight. Eyeglasses are used singly or in pairs.
Eyeglass	Eyepiece of a telescope, microscope, etc.
Eyeglass	The retina.
Eyeglass	A glass eyecup. See Eyecup.
Eyehole	A circular opening to recive a hook, cord, ring, or rope; an eyelet.
Eyelash	The fringe of hair that edges the eyelid; -- usually in the pl.
Eyelash	A hair of the fringe on the edge of the eyelid.
Eyeless	Without eyes; blind.
Eyelet	A small hole or perforation to receive a cord or fastener, as in garments, sails, etc.
Eyelet	A metal ring or grommet, or short metallic tube, the ends of which can be bent outward and over to fasten it in place; -- used to line an eyelet hole.
Eyeleteer	A small, sharp-pointed instrument used in piercing eyelet holes; a stiletto.
Eyelid	The cover of the eye; that portion of movable skin with which an animal covers or uncovers the eyeball at pleasure.
Eyen	Eyes.
Eyepiece	The lens, or combination of lenses, at the eye end of a telescope or other optical instrument, through which the image formed by the mirror or object glass is viewed.
Eyer	One who eyes another.
Eyereach	The range or reach of the eye; eyeshot.
Eye-saint	An object of interest to the eye; one worshiped with the eyes.
Eyesalve	Ointment for the eye.
Eyeservant	A servant who attends faithfully to his duty only when watched.
Eyeservice	Service performed only under inspection, or the eye of an employer.
Eyeshot	Range, reach, or glance of the eye; view; sight; as, to be out of eyeshot.
Eyesight	Sight of the eye; the sense of seeing; view; observation.
Eyesore	Something offensive to the eye or sight; a blemish.
Eye-splice	A splice formed by bending a rope's end back, and fastening it into the rope, forming a loop or eye. See Illust. under Splice.
Eye-spot	A simple visual organ found in many invertebrates, consisting of pigment cells covering a sensory nerve termination.
Eye-spot	An eyelike spot of color.
Eye-spotted	Marked with spots like eyes.
Eyestalk	One of the movable peduncles which, in the decapod Crustacea, bear the eyes at the tip.
Eyestone	A small, lenticular, calcareous body, esp. an operculum of a small marine shell of the family Turbinidae, used to remove a foreign substance from the eye. It is put into the inner corner of the eye under the lid, and allowed to work its way out at the outer corner, bringing with it the substance.
Eyestone	Eye agate. See under Eye.
Eyestring	The tendon by which the eye is moved.
Eyet	An island. See Eyot.
Eyeteeth	of Eyetooth
Eyetooth	A canine tooth of the upper jaw.
Eyewash	See Eyewater.
Eyewater	A wash or lotion for application to the eyes.
Eyewink	A wink; a token.
Eyewinker	An eyelash.
Eyewitness	One who sees a thing done; one who has ocular view of anything.
Eyghen	Eyes.
Eyght	An island. See Eyot.
Eyle	To ail.
Eyliad	See /iliad.
Eyne	Alt. of Eyen
Eyen	Plural of eye; -- now obsolete, or used only in poetry.
Eyot	A little island in a river or lake. See Ait.
Eyr	Air.
Eyra	A wild cat (Felis eyra) ranging from southern Brazil to Texas. It is reddish yellow and about the size of the domestic cat, but with a more slender body and shorter legs.
Eyre	A journey in circuit of certain judges called justices in eyre (or in itinere).
Eyren	See Ey, an egg.
Ey"ries	of Eyry
Eyrie	Alt. of Eyry
Eyry	The nest of a bird of prey or other large bird that builds in a lofty place; aerie.
Eysell	Same as Eisel.
