T	the twentieth letter of the English alphabet, is a nonvocal consonant. With the letter h it forms the digraph th, which has two distinct sounds, as in thin, then. See Guide to Pronunciation, //262-264, and also //153, 156, 169, 172, 176, 178-180.
Ta	To take.
Taas	A heap. See Tas.
Tab	The flap or latchet of a shoe fastened with a string or a buckle.
Tab	A tag. See Tag, 2.
Tab	A loop for pulling or lifting something.
Tab	A border of lace or other material, worn on the inner front edge of ladies' bonnets.
Tab	A loose pendent part of a lady's garment; esp., one of a series of pendent squares forming an edge or border.
Tabacco	Tobacco.
Tabanus	A genus of blood sucking flies, including the horseflies.
Tabard	A sort of tunic or mantle formerly worn for protection from the weather. When worn over the armor it was commonly emblazoned with the arms of the wearer, and from this the name was given to the garment adopted for heralds.
Tabarder	One who wears a tabard.
Tabarder	A scholar on the foundation of Queen's College, Oxford, England, whose original dress was a tabard.
Tabaret	A stout silk having satin stripes, -- used for furniture.
Tabasheer	A concretion in the joints of the bamboo, which consists largely or chiefly of pure silica. It is highly valued in the East Indies as a medicine for the cure of bilious vomitings, bloody flux, piles, and various other diseases.
Tabbinet	A fabric like poplin, with a watered surface.
Tabbies	of Tabby
Tabby	A kind of waved silk, usually called watered silk, manufactured like taffeta, but thicker and stronger. The watering is given to it by calendering.
Tabby	A mixture of lime with shells, gravel, or stones, in equal proportions, with an equal proportion of water. When dry, this becomes as hard as rock.
Tabby	A brindled cat; hence, popularly, any cat.
Tabby	An old maid or gossip.
Tabby	Having a wavy or watered appearance; as, a tabby waistcoat.
Tabby	Brindled; diversified in color; as, a tabby cat.
Tabbied	of Tabby
Tabbying	of Tabby
Tabby	To water; to cause to look wavy, by the process of calendering; to calender; as, to tabby silk, mohair, ribbon, etc.
Tabefaction	A wasting away; a gradual losing of flesh by disease.
Tabefied	of Tabefy
Tabefying	of Tabefy
Tabefy	To cause to waste gradually, to emaciate.
Tabellion	A secretary or notary under the Roman empire; also, a similar officer in France during the old monarchy.
Taber	Same as Tabor.
Taberd	See Tabard.
Tabernacle	A slightly built or temporary habitation; especially, a tent.
Tabernacle	A portable structure of wooden framework covered with curtains, which was carried through the wilderness in the Israelitish exodus, as a place of sacrifice and worship.
Tabernacle	Hence, the Jewish temple; sometimes, any other place for worship.
Tabernacle	Figuratively: The human body, as the temporary abode of the soul.
Tabernacle	Any small cell, or like place, in which some holy or precious things was deposited or kept.
Tabernacle	The ornamental receptacle for the pyx, or for the consecrated elements, whether a part of a building or movable.
Tabernacle	A niche for the image of a saint, or for any sacred painting or sculpture.
Tabernacle	Hence, a work of art of sacred subject, having a partially architectural character, as a solid frame resting on a bracket, or the like.
Tabernacle	A tryptich for sacred imagery.
Tabernacle	A seat or stall in a choir, with its canopy.
Tabernacle	A boxlike step for a mast with the after side open, so that the mast can be lowered to pass under bridges, etc.
Tabernacled	of Tabernacle
Tabernacling	of Tabernacle
Tabernacle	To dwell or reside for a time; to be temporary housed.
Tabernacular	Of or pertaining to a tabernacle, especially the Jewish tabernacle.
Tabernacular	Formed in latticework; latticed.
Tabernacular	Of or pertaining to huts or booths; hence, common; low.
Tabes	Progressive emaciation of the body, accompained with hectic fever, with no well-marked logical symptoms.
Tabescent	Withering, or wasting away.
Tabetic	Of or pertaining to tabes; of the nature of tabes; affected with tabes; tabid.
Tabetic	One affected with tabes.
Tabid	Affected by tabes; tabetic.
Tabific	Alt. of Tabifical
Tabifical	Producing tabes; wasting; tabefying.
Tabinet	See Tabbinet.
Tablature	A painting on a wall or ceiling; a single piece comprehended in one view, and formed according to one design; hence, a picture in general.
Tablature	An ancient mode of indicating musical sounds by letters and other signs instead of by notes.
Tablature	Division into plates or tables with intervening spaces; as, the tablature of the cranial bones.
Table	A smooth, flat surface, like the side of a board; a thin, flat, smooth piece of anything; a slab.
Table	A thin, flat piece of wood, stone, metal, or other material, on which anything is cut, traced, written, or painted; a tablet
Table	a memorandum book.
Table	Any smooth, flat surface upon which an inscription, a drawing, or the like, may be produced.
Table	Hence, in a great variety of applications: A condensed statement which may be comprehended by the eye in a single view; a methodical or systematic synopsis; the presentation of many items or particulars in one group; a scheme; a schedule.
Table	A view of the contents of a work; a statement of the principal topics discussed; an index; a syllabus; a synopsis; as, a table of contents.
Table	A list of substances and their properties; especially, a list of the elementary substances with their atomic weights, densities, symbols, etc.
Table	Any collection and arrangement in a condensed form of many particulars or values, for ready reference, as of weights, measures, currency, specific gravities, etc.; also, a series of numbers following some law, and expressing particular values corresponding to certain other numbers on which they depend, and by means of which they are taken out for use in computations; as, tables of logarithms, sines, tangents, squares, cubes, etc.; annuity tables; interest tables; astronomical tables, etc.
Table	The arrangement or disposition of the lines which appear on the inside of the hand.
Table	An article of furniture, consisting of a flat slab, board, or the like, having a smooth surface, fixed horizontally on legs, and used for a great variety of purposes, as in eating, writing, or working.
Table	Hence, food placed on a table to be partaken of; fare; entertainment; as, to set a good table.
Table	The company assembled round a table.
Table	One of the two, external and internal, layers of compact bone, separated by diploe, in the walls of the cranium.
Table	A stringcourse which includes an offset; esp., a band of stone, or the like, set where an offset is required, so as to make it decorative. See Water table.
Table	The board on the opposite sides of which backgammon and draughts are played.
Table	One of the divisions of a backgammon board; as, to play into the right-hand table.
Table	The games of backgammon and of draughts.
Table	A circular plate of crown glass.
Table	The upper flat surface of a diamond or other precious stone, the sides of which are cut in angles.
Table	A plane surface, supposed to be transparent and perpendicular to the horizon; -- called also perspective plane.
Table	The part of a machine tool on which the work rests and is fastened.
Tableed	of Table
Tableing	of Table
Table	To form into a table or catalogue; to tabulate; as, to table fines.
Table	To delineate, as on a table; to represent, as in a picture.
Table	To supply with food; to feed.
Table	To insert, as one piece of timber into another, by alternate scores or projections from the middle, to prevent slipping; to scarf.
Table	To lay or place on a table, as money.
Table	In parliamentary usage, to lay on the table; to postpone, by a formal vote, the consideration of (a bill, motion, or the like) till called for, or indefinitely.
Table	To enter upon the docket; as, to table charges against some one.
Table	To make board hems in the skirts and bottoms of (sails) in order to strengthen them in the part attached to the boltrope.
Table	To live at the table of another; to board; to eat.
Tableaux	of Tableau
Tableau	A striking and vivid representation; a picture.
Tableau	A representation of some scene by means of persons grouped in the proper manner, placed in appropriate postures, and remaining silent and motionless.
Tableaux vivants	of Tableau vivant
Tableau vivant	Same as Tableau, n., 2.
Tablebook	A tablet; a notebook.
Tablecloth	A cloth for covering a table, especially one with which a table is covered before the dishes, etc., are set on for meals.
Tables d'hote	of Table d'hote
Table d'hote	A common table for guests at a hotel; an ordinary.
Table-land	A broad, level, elevated area of land; a plateau.
Tablemen	of Tableman
Tableman	A man at draughts; a piece used in playing games at tables. See Table, n., 10.
Tablement	A table.
Tabler	One who boards.
Tabler	One who boards others for hire.
Tablespoon	A spoon of the largest size commonly used at the table; -- distinguished from teaspoon, dessert spoon, etc.
Tablespoonfuls	of Tablespoonful
Tablespoonful	As much as a tablespoon will hold; enough to fill a tablespoon. It is usually reckoned as one half of a fluid ounce, or four fluid drams.
Tablet	A small table or flat surface.
Tablet	A flat piece of any material on which to write, paint, draw, or engrave; also, such a piece containing an inscription or a picture.
Tablet	Hence, a small picture; a miniature.
Tablet	A kind of pocket memorandum book.
Tablet	A flattish cake or piece; as, tablets of arsenic were formerly worn as a preservative against the plague.
Tablet	A solid kind of electuary or confection, commonly made of dry ingredients with sugar, and usually formed into little flat squares; -- called also lozenge, and troche, especially when of a round or rounded form.
Tableware	Ware, or articles collectively, for table use.
Tabling	A forming into tables; a setting down in order.
Tabling	The letting of one timber into another by alternate scores or projections, as in shipbuilding.
Tabling	A broad hem on the edge of a sail.
Tabling	Board; support.
Tabling	Act of playing at tables. See Table, n., 10.
Taboo	A total prohibition of intercourse with, use of, or approach to, a given person or thing under pain of death, -- an interdict of religious origin and authority, formerly common in the islands of Polynesia; interdiction.
Tabooed	of Taboo
Tabooing	of Taboo
Taboo	To put under taboo; to forbid, or to forbid the use of; to interdict approach to, or use of; as, to taboo the ground set apart as a sanctuary for criminals.
Tabor	A small drum used as an accompaniment to a pipe or fife, both being played by the same person.
Tabored	of Tabor
Taboring	of Tabor
Tabor	To play on a tabor, or little drum.
Tabor	To strike lightly and frequently.
Tabor	To make (a sound) with a tabor.
Taborer	One who plays on the tabor.
Taboret	A small tabor.
Taborine	A small, shallow drum; a tabor.
Taborite	One of certain Bohemian reformers who suffered persecution in the fifteenth century; -- so called from Tabor, a hill or fortress where they encamped during a part of their struggles.
Tabour	See Tabor.
Tabouret	Same as Taboret.
Tabouret	A seat without arms or back, cushioned and stuffed: a high stool; -- so called from its resemblance to a drum.
Tabouret	An embroidery frame.
Tabrere	A taborer.
Tabret	A taboret.
Tabu	See Taboo.
Tabulae	of Tabula
Tabula	A table; a tablet.
Tabula	One of the transverse plants found in the calicles of certain corals and hydroids.
Tabular	Having the form of, or pertaining to, a table (in any of the uses of the word).
Tabular	Having a flat surface; as, a tabular rock.
Tabular	Formed into a succession of flakes; laminated.
Tabular	Set in squares.
Tabular	Arranged in a schedule; as, tabular statistics.
Tabular	Derived from, or computed by, the use of tables; as, tabular right ascension.
Tabularization	The act of tabularizing, or the state of being tabularized; formation into tables; tabulation.
Tabularized	of Tabularize
Tabularizing	of Tabularize
Tabularize	To tabulate.
Tabulata	An artificial group of stony corals including those which have transverse septa in the calicles. The genera Pocillopora and Favosites are examples.
Tabulated	of Tabulate
Tabulating	of Tabulate
Tabulate	To form into a table or tables; to reduce to tables or synopses.
Tabulate	To shape with a flat surface.
Tabulation	The act of forming into a table or tables; as, the tabulation of statistics.
Tac	A kind of customary payment by a tenant; -- a word used in old records.
Tacamahac	Alt. of Tacamahaca
Tacamahaca	A bitter balsamic resin obtained from tropical American trees of the genus Elaphrium (E. tomentosum and E. Tacamahaca), and also from East Indian trees of the genus Calophyllum; also, the resinous exhudation of the balsam poplar.
Tacamahaca	Any tree yielding tacamahac resin, especially, in North America, the balsam poplar, or balm of Gilead (Populus balsamifera).
Tacaud	The bib, or whiting pout.
Tace	The cross, or church, of St. Antony. See Illust. (6), under Cross, n.
Tace	See Tasse.
Tacet	It is silent; -- a direction for a vocal or instrumental part to be silent during a whole movement.
Tache	Something used for taking hold or holding; a catch; a loop; a button.
Tache	A spot, stain, or blemish.
Tachhydrite	A hydrous chloride of calcium and magnesium occurring in yellowish masses which rapidly deliquesce upon exposure. It is found in the salt mines at Stassfurt.
Tachinae	of Tachina
Tachina	Any one of numerous species of Diptera belonging to Tachina and allied genera. Their larvae are external parasites of other insects.
Tachometer	An instrument for measuring the velocity, or indicating changes in the velocity, of a moving body or substance.
Tachometer	An instrument for measuring the velocity of running water in a river or canal, consisting of a wheel with inclined vanes, which is turned by the current. The rotations of the wheel are recorded by clockwork.
Tachometer	An instrument for showing at any moment the speed of a revolving shaft, consisting of a delicate revolving conical pendulum which is driven by the shaft, and the action of which by change of speed moves a pointer which indicates the speed on a graduated dial.
Tachometer	An instrument for measuring the velocity of the blood; a haematachometer.
Tachydidaxy	A short or rapid method of instructing.
Tachyglossa	A division of monotremes which comprises the spiny ant-eaters of Australia and New Guinea. See Illust. under Echidna.
Tachygraphic	Alt. of Tachygraphical
Tachygraphical	Of or pertaining to tachygraphy; written in shorthand.
Tachygraphy	The art or practice of rapid writing; shorthand writing; stenography.
Tachylyte	A vitreous form of basalt; -- so called because decomposable by acids and readily fusible.
Tacit	Done or made in silence; implied, but not expressed; silent; as, tacit consent is consent by silence, or by not interposing an objection.
Taciturn	Habitually silent; not given to converse; not apt to talk or speak.
Taciturnity	Habilual silence, or reserve in speaking.
Tack	A stain; a tache.
Tack	A peculiar flavor or taint; as, a musty tack.
Tack	A small, short, sharp-pointed nail, usually having a broad, flat head.
Tack	That which is attached; a supplement; an appendix. See Tack, v. t., 3.
Tack	A rope used to hold in place the foremost lower corners of the courses when the vessel is closehauled (see Illust. of Ship); also, a rope employed to pull the lower corner of a studding sail to the boom.
Tack	The part of a sail to which the tack is usually fastened; the foremost lower corner of fore-and-aft sails, as of schooners (see Illust. of Sail).
Tack	The direction of a vessel in regard to the trim of her sails; as, the starboard tack, or port tack; -- the former when she is closehauled with the wind on her starboard side; hence, the run of a vessel on one tack; also, a change of direction.
Tack	A contract by which the use of a thing is set, or let, for hire; a lease.
Tack	Confidence; reliance.
Tacked	of Tack
Tacking	of Tack
Tack	To fasten or attach.
Tack	Especially, to attach or secure in a slight or hasty manner, as by stitching or nailing; as, to tack together the sheets of a book; to tack one piece of cloth to another; to tack on a board or shingle; to tack one piece of metal to another by drops of solder.
Tack	In parliamentary usage, to add (a supplement) to a bill; to append; -- often with on or to.
Tack	To change the direction of (a vessel) when sailing closehauled, by putting the helm alee and shifting the tacks and sails so that she will proceed to windward nearly at right angles to her former course.
Tack	To change the direction of a vessel by shifting the position of the helm and sails; also (as said of a vessel), to have her direction changed through the shifting of the helm and sails. See Tack, v. t., 4.
Tacker	One who tacks.
Tacket	A small, broad-headed nail.
Tackey	See Tacky.
Tacking	A union of securities given at different times, all of which must be redeemed before an intermediate purchaser can interpose his claim.
Tackle	Apparatus for raising or lowering heavy weights, consisting of a rope and pulley blocks; sometimes, the rope and attachments, as distinct from the block.
Tackle	Any instruments of action; an apparatus by which an object is moved or operated; gear; as, fishing tackle, hunting tackle; formerly, specifically, weapons.
Tackle	The rigging and apparatus of a ship; also, any purchase where more than one block is used.
Tackled	of Tackle
Tackling	of Tackle
Tackle	To supply with tackle.
Tackle	To fasten or attach, as with a tackle; to harness; as, to tackle a horse into a coach or wagon.
Tackle	To seize; to lay hold of; to grapple; as, a wrestler tackles his antagonist; a dog tackles the game.
Tackle	To begin to deal with; as, to tackle the problem.
Tackled	Made of ropes tacked together.
Tackling	Furniture of the masts and yards of a vessel, as cordage, sails, etc.
Tackling	Instruments of action; as, fishing tackling.
Tackling	The straps and fixures adjusted to an animal, by which he draws a carriage, or the like; harness.
Tacksmen	of Tacksman
Tacksman	One who holds a tack or lease from another; a tenant, or lessee.
Tacky	Sticky; adhesive; raw; -- said of paint, varnish, etc., when not well dried.
Taconic	Designating, or pertaining to, the series of rocks forming the Taconic mountains in Western New England. They were once supposed to be older than the Cambrian, but later proved to belong to the Lower Silurian and Cambrian.
Tact	The sense of touch; feeling.
Tact	The stroke in beating time.
Tact	Sensitive mental touch; peculiar skill or faculty; nice perception or discernment; ready power of appreciating and doing what is required by circumstances.
Tactable	Capable of being touched; tangible.
Tactic	Alt. of Tactical
Tactical	Of or pertaining to the art of military and naval tactics.
Tactic	See Tactics.
Tactician	One versed in tactics; hence, a skillful maneuverer; an adroit manager.
Tactics	The science and art of disposing military and naval forces in order for battle, and performing military and naval evolutions. It is divided into grand tactics, or the tactics of battles, and elementary tactics, or the tactics of instruction.
Tactics	Hence, any system or method of procedure.
Tactile	Of or pertaining to the organs, or the sense, of touch; perceiving, or perceptible, by the touch; capable of being touched; as, tactile corpuscles; tactile sensations.
Tactility	The quality or state of being tactile; perceptibility by touch; tangibleness.
Taction	The act of touching; touch; contact; tangency.
Tactless	Destitute of tact.
Tactual	Of or pertaining to the sense, or the organs, of touch; derived from touch.
Tadpole	The young aquatic larva of any amphibian. In this stage it breathes by means of external or internal gills, is at first destitute of legs, and has a finlike tail. Called also polliwig, polliwog, porwiggle, or purwiggy.
Tadpole	The hooded merganser.
Taedium	See Tedium.
Tael	A denomination of money, in China, worth nearly six shillings sterling, or about a dollar and forty cents; also, a weight of one ounce and a third.
Taen	Alt. of Ta'en
Ta'en	p. p. of Ta, to take, or a contraction of Taken.
Taeniae	of Taenia
Taenia	A genus of intestinal worms which includes the common tapeworms of man. See Tapeworm.
Taenia	A band; a structural line; -- applied to several bands and lines of nervous matter in the brain.
Taenia	The fillet, or band, at the bottom of a Doric frieze, separating it from the architrave.
Taeniada	Same as Taenioidea.
Taeniata	A division of Ctenophora including those which have a long, ribbonlike body. The Venus's girdle is the most familiar example.
Taenidia	of Taenidium
Taenidium	The chitinous fiber forming the spiral thread of the tracheae of insects. See Illust. of Trachea.
Taenioglossa	An extensive division of gastropod mollusks in which the odontophore is long and narrow, and usually bears seven rows of teeth. It includes a large number of families both marine and fresh-water.
Taenioglossate	Of or pertaining to the Taenioglossa.
Taenioid	Ribbonlike; shaped like a ribbon.
Taenioid	Like or pertaining to Taenia.
Taenioidea	The division of cestode worms which comprises the tapeworms. See Tapeworm.
Taeniolae	of Taeniola
Taeniola	One of the radial partitions which separate the internal cavities of certain medusae.
Taeniosomi	An order of fishes remarkable for their long and compressed form. The ribbon fishes are examples. See Ribbon fish, under Ribbon.
Tafferer	See Taffrail.
Taffeta	Alt. of Taffety
Taffety	A fine, smooth stuff of silk, having usually the wavy luster called watering. The term has also been applied to different kinds of silk goods, from the 16th century to modern times.
Taffrail	The upper part of a ship's stern, which is flat like a table on the top, and sometimes ornamented with carved work; the rail around a ship's stern.
Taffy	A kind of candy made of molasses or brown sugar boiled down and poured out in shallow pans.
Taffy	Flattery; soft phrases.
Tafia	A variety of rum.
Tag	Any slight appendage, as to an article of dress; something slight hanging loosely; specifically, a direction card, or label.
Tag	A metallic binding, tube, or point, at the end of a string, or lace, to stiffen it.
Tag	The end, or catchword, of an actor's speech; cue.
Tag	Something mean and paltry; the rabble.
Tag	A sheep of the first year.
Tag	A sale of usually used items (such as furniture, clothing, household items or bric-a-brac), conducted by one or a small group of individuals, at a location which is not a normal retail establishment.
Tagged	of Tag
Tagging	of Tag
Tag	To fit with, or as with, a tag or tags.
Tag	To join; to fasten; to attach.
Tag	To follow closely after; esp., to follow and touch in the game of tag. See Tag, a play.
Tag	To follow closely, as it were an appendage; -- often with after; as, to tag after a person.
Tag	A child's play in which one runs after and touches another, and then runs away to avoid being touched.
Tagbelt	Same as Tagsore.
Tagger	One who, or that which, appends or joins one thing to another.
Tagger	That which is pointed like a tag.
Tagger	Sheets of tin or other plate which run below the gauge.
Tagger	A device for removing taglocks from sheep.
Taglet	A little tag.
Taglia	A peculiar combination of pulleys.
Tagliacotain	Of or pertaining to Tagliacozzi, a Venetian surgeon; as, the Tagliacotian operation, a method of rhinoplasty described by him.
Taglioni	A kind of outer coat, or overcoat; -- said to be so named after a celebrated Italian family of professional dancers.
Taglock	An entangled lock, as of hair or wool.
Tagnicate	The white-lipped peccary.
Tag-rag	The lowest class of people; the rabble.  Cf. Rag, tag, and bobtail, under Bobtail.
Tagsore	Adhesion of the tail of a sheep to the wool from excoriation produced by contact with the feces; -- called also tagbelt.
Tagtail	A worm which has its tail conspicuously colored.
Tagtail	A person who attaches himself to another against the will of the latter; a hanger-on.
Taguan	A large flying squirrel (Pteromys petuarista). Its body becomes two feet long, with a large bushy tail nearly as long.
Taguicati	The white-lipped peccary.
Taha	The African rufous-necked weaver bird (Hyphantornis texor).
Tahaleb	A fox (Vulpes Niloticus) of Northern Africa.
Tahitian	Of or pertaining to Tahiti, an island in the Pacific Ocean.
Tahitian	A native inhabitant of Tahiti.
Tahr	Same as Thar.
Tail	Limitation; abridgment.
Tail	Limited; abridged; reduced; curtailed; as, estate tail.
Tail	The terminal, and usually flexible, posterior appendage of an animal.
Tail	Any long, flexible terminal appendage; whatever resembles, in shape or position, the tail of an animal, as a catkin.
Tail	Hence, the back, last, lower, or inferior part of anything, -- as opposed to the head, or the superior part.
Tail	A train or company of attendants; a retinue.
Tail	The side of a coin opposite to that which bears the head, effigy, or date; the reverse; -- rarely used except in the expression "heads or tails," employed when a coin is thrown up for the purpose of deciding some point by its fall.
Tail	The distal tendon of a muscle.
Tail	A downy or feathery appendage to certain achenes. It is formed of the permanent elongated style.
Tail	A portion of an incision, at its beginning or end, which does not go through the whole thickness of the skin, and is more painful than a complete incision; -- called also tailing.
Tail	One of the strips at the end of a bandage formed by splitting the bandage one or more times.
Tail	A rope spliced to the strap of a block, by which it may be lashed to anything.
Tail	The part of a note which runs perpendicularly upward or downward from the head; the stem.
Tail	Same as Tailing, 4.
Tail	The bottom or lower portion of a member or part, as a slate or tile.
Tail	See Tailing, n., 5.
Tail	To follow or hang to, like a tail; to be attached closely to, as that which can not be evaded.
Tail	To pull or draw by the tail.
Tail	To hold by the end; -- said of a timber when it rests upon a wall or other support; -- with in or into.
Tail	To swing with the stern in a certain direction; -- said of a vessel at anchor; as, this vessel tails down stream.
Tailage	See Tallage.
Tail-bay	One of the joists which rest one end on the wall and the other on a girder; also, the space between a wall and the nearest girder of a floor.  Cf. Case-bay.
Tail-bay	The part of a canal lock below the lower gates.
Tailblock	A block with a tail. See Tail, 9.
Tailboard	The board at the rear end of a cart or wagon, which can be removed or let down, for convenience in loading or unloading.
Tailed	Having a tail; having (such) a tail or (so many) tails; -- chiefly used in composition; as, bobtailed, longtailed, etc.
Tailing	The part of a projecting stone or brick inserted in a wall.
Tailing	Same as Tail, n., 8 (a).
Tailing	Sexual intercourse.
Tailing	The lighter parts of grain separated from the seed threshing and winnowing; chaff.
Tailing	The refuse part of stamped ore, thrown behind the tail of the buddle or washing apparatus. It is dressed over again to secure whatever metal may exist in it.  Called also tails.
Taille	A tally; an account scored on a piece of wood.
Taille	Any imposition levied by the king, or any other lord, upon his subjects.
Taille	The French name for the tenor voice or part; also, for the tenor viol or viola.
Tailless	Having no tail.
Taillie	Same as Tailzie.
Tailor	One whose occupation is to cut out and make men's garments; also, one who cuts out and makes ladies' outer garments.
Tailor	The mattowacca; -- called also tailor herring.
Tailor	The silversides.
Tailor	The goldfish.
Tailored	of Tailor
Tailoring	of Tailor
Tailor	To practice making men's clothes; to follow the business of a tailor.
Tailoress	A female tailor.
Tailoring	The business or the work of a tailor or a tailoress.
Tailpiece	A piece at the end; an appendage.
Tailpiece	One of the timbers which tail into a header, in floor framing. See Illust. of Header.
Tailpiece	An ornament placed at the bottom of a short page to fill up the space, or at the end of a book.
Tailpiece	A piece of ebony or other material attached to the lower end of a violin or similar instrument, to which the strings are fastened.
Tailpin	The center in the spindle of a turning lathe.
Tailrace	See Race, n., 6.
Tailrace	The channel in which tailings, suspended in water, are conducted away.
Tailstock	The sliding block or support, in a lathe, which carries the dead spindle, or adjustable center. The headstock supports the live spindle.
Tail-water	Water in a tailrace.
Tailzie	An entailment or deed whereby the legal course of succession is cut off, and an arbitrary one substituted.
Tain	Thin tin plate; also, tin foil for mirrors.
Taint	A thrust with a lance, which fails of its intended effect.
Taint	An injury done to a lance in an encounter, without its being broken; also, a breaking of a lance in an encounter in a dishonorable or unscientific manner.
Tainted	of Taint
Tainting	of Taint
Taint	To thrust ineffectually with a lance.
Taint	To injure, as a lance, without breaking it; also, to break, as a lance, but usually in an unknightly or unscientific manner.
Taint	To hit or touch lightly, in tilting.
Taint	To imbue or impregnate with something extraneous, especially with something odious, noxious, or poisonous; hence, to corrupt; to infect; to poison; as, putrid substance taint the air.
Taint	Fig.: To stain; to sully; to tarnish.
Taint	To be infected or corrupted; to be touched with something corrupting.
Taint	To be affected with incipient putrefaction; as, meat soon taints in warm weather.
Taint	Tincture; hue; color; tinge.
Taint	Infection; corruption; deprivation.
Taint	A blemish on reputation; stain; spot; disgrace.
Taintless	Free from taint or infection; pure.
Taintlessly	In a taintless manner.
Tainture	Taint; tinge; difilement; stain; spot.
Taintworm	A destructive parasitic worm or insect larva.
Taira	Same as Tayra.
Tairn	See Tarn.
Tait	A small nocturnal and arboreal Australian marsupial (Tarsipes rostratus) about the size of a mouse. It has a long muzzle, a long tongue, and very few teeth, and feeds upon honey and insects. Called also noolbenger.
Tajacu	Alt. of Tajassu
Tajassu	The common, or collared, peccary.
Take	Taken.
Took	of Take
Takend	of Take
Taking	of Take
Take	In an active sense; To lay hold of; to seize with the hands, or otherwise; to grasp; to get into one's hold or possession; to procure; to seize and carry away; to convey.
Take	To obtain possession of by force or artifice; to get the custody or control of; to reduce into subjection to one's power or will; to capture; to seize; to make prisoner; as, to take am army, a city, or a ship; also, to come upon or befall; to fasten on; to attack; to seize; -- said of a disease, misfortune, or the like.
Take	To gain or secure the interest or affection of; to captivate; to engage; to interest; to charm.
Take	To make selection of; to choose; also, to turn to; to have recourse to; as, to take the road to the right.
Take	To employ; to use; to occupy; hence, to demand; to require; as, it takes so much cloth to make a coat.
Take	To form a likeness of; to copy; to delineate; to picture; as, to take picture of a person.
Take	To draw; to deduce; to derive.
Take	To assume; to adopt; to acquire, as shape; to permit to one's self; to indulge or engage in; to yield to; to have or feel; to enjoy or experience, as rest, revenge, delight, shame; to form and adopt, as a resolution; -- used in general senses, limited by a following complement, in many idiomatic phrases; as, to take a resolution; I take the liberty to say.
Take	To lead; to conduct; as, to take a child to church.
Take	To carry; to convey; to deliver to another; to hand over; as, he took the book to the bindery.
Take	To remove; to withdraw; to deduct; -- with from; as, to take the breath from one; to take two from four.
Take	In a somewhat passive sense, to receive; to bear; to endure; to acknowledge; to accept.
Take	To accept, as something offered; to receive; not to refuse or reject; to admit.
Take	To receive as something to be eaten or dronk; to partake of; to swallow; as, to take food or wine.
Take	Not to refuse or balk at; to undertake readily; to clear; as, to take a hedge or fence.
Take	To bear without ill humor or resentment; to submit to; to tolerate; to endure; as, to take a joke; he will take an affront from no man.
Take	To admit, as, something presented to the mind; not to dispute; to allow; to accept; to receive in thought; to entertain in opinion; to understand; to interpret; to regard or look upon; to consider; to suppose; as, to take a thing for granted; this I take to be man's motive; to take men for spies.
Take	To accept the word or offer of; to receive and accept; to bear; to submit to; to enter into agreement with; -- used in general senses; as, to take a form or shape.
Take	To take hold; to fix upon anything; to have the natural or intended effect; to accomplish a purpose; as, he was inoculated, but the virus did not take.
Take	To please; to gain reception; to succeed.
Take	To move or direct the course; to resort; to betake one's self; to proceed; to go; -- usually with to; as, the fox, being hard pressed, took to the hedge.
Take	To admit of being pictured, as in a photograph; as, his face does not take well.
Take	That which is taken; especially, the quantity of fish captured at one haul or catch.
Take	The quantity or copy given to a compositor at one time.
Take-in	Imposition; fraud.
Taken	p. p. of Take.
Take-off	An imitation, especially in the way of caricature.
Taker	One who takes or receives; one who catches or apprehends.
Take-up	That which takes up or tightens; specifically, a device in a sewing machine for drawing up the slack thread as the needle rises, in completing a stitch.
Taking	Apt to take; alluring; attracting.
Taking	Infectious; contageous.
Taking	The act of gaining possession; a seizing; seizure; apprehension.
Taking	Agitation; excitement; distress of mind.
Taking	Malign influence; infection.
Taking-off	Removal; murder. See To take off (c), under Take, v. t.
Talapoin	A small African monkey (Cercopithecus, / Miopithecus, talapoin) -- called also melarhine.
Talaria	Small wings or winged shoes represented as fastened to the ankles, -- chiefly used as an attribute of Mercury.
Talbot	A sort of dog, noted for quick scent and eager pursuit of game.
Talbotype	Same as Calotype.
Talc	A soft mineral of a soapy feel and a greenish, whitish, or grayish color, usually occurring in foliated masses. It is hydrous silicate of magnesia. Steatite, or soapstone, is a compact granular variety.
Talcose	Alt. of Talcous
Talcous	Of or pertaining to talc; composed of, or resembling, talc.
Tale	See Tael.
Tale	That which is told; an oral relation or recital; any rehearsal of what has occured; narrative; discourse; statement; history; story.
Tale	A number told or counted off; a reckoning by count; an enumeration; a count, in distinction from measure or weight; a number reckoned or stated.
Tale	A count or declaration.
Tale	To tell stories.
Talebearer	One who officiously tells tales; one who impertinently or maliciously communicates intelligence, scandal, etc., and makes mischief.
Talebearing	Telling tales officiously.
Talebearing	The act of informing officiously; communication of sectrts, scandal, etc., maliciously.
Taled	A kind of quadrangular piece of cloth put on by the Jews when repeating prayers in the synagogues.
Taleful	Full of stories.
Talegalla	A genus of Australian birds which includes the brush turkey. See Brush turkey.
Talent	Among the ancient Greeks, a weight and a denomination of money equal to 60 minae or 6,000 drachmae. The Attic talent, as a weight, was about 57 lbs. avoirdupois; as a denomination of silver money, its value was £243 15s. sterling, or about $1,180.
Talent	Among the Hebrews, a weight and denomination of money. For silver it was equivalent to 3,000 shekels, and in weight was equal to about 93/ lbs. avoirdupois; as a denomination of silver, it has been variously estimated at from £340 to £396 sterling, or about $1,645 to $1,916. For gold it was equal to 10,000 gold shekels.
Talent	Inclination; will; disposition; desire.
Talent	Intellectual ability, natural or acquired; mental endowment or capacity; skill in accomplishing; a special gift, particularly in business, art, or the like; faculty; a use of the word probably originating in the Scripture parable of the talents (Matt. xxv. 14-30).
Talented	Furnished with talents; possessing skill or talent; mentally gifted.
Tales	Persons added to a jury, commonly from those in or about the courthouse, to make up any deficiency in the number of jurors regularly summoned, being like, or such as, the latter.
Tales	The writ by which such persons are summoned.
Talesmen	of Talesman
Talesman	A person called to make up a deficiency in the number of jurors when a tales is awarded.
Taleteller	One who tells tales or stories, especially in a mischievous or officious manner; a talebearer; a telltale; a tattler.
Talewise	In a way of a tale or story.
Taliacotian	See Tagliacotian.
Taliation	Retaliation.
Talion	Retaliation.
Talipes	The deformity called clubfoot. See Clubfoot.
Talipot	A beautiful tropical palm tree (Corypha umbraculifera), a native of Ceylon and the Malabar coast. It has a trunk sixty or seventy feet high, bearing a crown of gigantic fan-shaped leaves which are used as umbrellas and as fans in ceremonial processions, and, when cut into strips, as a substitute for writing paper.
Talismans	of Talisman
Talisman	A magical figure cut or engraved under certain superstitious observances of the configuration of the heavens, to which wonderful effects are ascribed; the seal, figure, character, or image, of a heavenly sign, constellation, or planet, engraved on a sympathetic stone, or on a metal corresponding to the star, in order to receive its influence.
Talisman	Hence, something that produces extraordinary effects, esp. in averting or repelling evil; an amulet; a charm; as, a talisman to avert diseases.
Talismanic	Alt. of Talismanical
Talismanical	Of or pertaining to a talisman; having the properties of a talisman, or preservative against evils by occult influence; magical.
Talked	of Talk
Talking	of Talk
Talk	To utter words; esp., to converse familiarly; to speak, as in familiar discourse, when two or more persons interchange thoughts.
Talk	To confer; to reason; to consult.
Talk	To prate; to speak impertinently.
Talk	To speak freely; to use for conversing or communicating; as, to talk French.
Talk	To deliver in talking; to speak; to utter; to make a subject of conversation; as, to talk nonsense; to talk politics.
Talk	To consume or spend in talking; -- often followed by away; as, to talk away an evening.
Talk	To cause to be or become by talking.
Talk	The act of talking; especially, familiar converse; mutual discourse; that which is uttered, especially in familiar conversation, or the mutual converse of two or more.
Talk	Report; rumor; as, to hear talk of war.
Talk	Subject of discourse; as, his achievment is the talk of the town.
Talkative	Given to much talking.
Talker	One who talks; especially, one who is noted for his power of conversing readily or agreeably; a conversationist.
Talker	A loquacious person, male or female; a prattler; a babbler; also, a boaster; a braggart; -- used in contempt or reproach.
Talking	That talks; able to utter words; as, a talking parrot.
Talking	Given to talk; loquacious.
Tall	High in stature; having a considerable, or an unusual, extension upward; long and comparatively slender; having the diameter or lateral extent small in proportion to the height; as, a tall person, tree, or mast.
Tall	Brave; bold; courageous.
Tall	Fine; splendid; excellent; also, extravagant; excessive.
Tallage	Alt. of Talliage
Talliage	A certain rate or tax paid by barons, knights, and inferior tenants, toward the public expenses.
Tallage	To lay an impost upon; to cause to pay tallage.
Tallier	One who keeps tally.
Tallness	The quality or state of being tall; height of stature.
Tallow	The suet or fat of animals of the sheep and ox kinds, separated from membranous and fibrous matter by melting.
Tallow	The fat of some other animals, or the fat obtained from certain plants, or from other sources, resembling the fat of animals of the sheep and ox kinds.
Tallowed	of Tallow
Tallowing	of Tallow
Tallow	To grease or smear with tallow.
Tallow	To cause to have a large quantity of tallow; to fatten; as, tallow sheep.
Tallower	An animal which produces tallow.
Tallow-face	One who has a sickly, pale complexion.
Tallow-faced	Having a sickly complexion; pale.
Tallowing	The act, or art, of causing animals to produce tallow; also, the property in animals of producing tallow.
Tallowish	Having the qualities of tallow.
Tallowy	Of the nature of tallow; resembling tallow; greasy.
Tallwood	Firewood cut into billets of a certain length.
Tallies	of Tally
Tally	Originally, a piece of wood on which notches or scores were cut, as the marks of number; later, one of two books, sheets of paper, etc., on which corresponding accounts were kept.
Tally	Hence, any account or score kept by notches or marks, whether on wood or paper, or in a book; especially, one kept in duplicate.
Tally	One thing made to suit another; a match; a mate.
Tally	A notch, mark, or score made on or in a tally; as, to make or earn a tally in a game.
Tally	A tally shop. See Tally shop, below.
Tallied	of Tally
Tallying	of Tally
Tally	To score with correspondent notches; hence, to make to correspond; to cause to fit or suit.
Tally	To check off, as parcels of freight going inboard or outboard.
Tally	To be fitted; to suit; to correspond; to match.
Tally	To make a tally; to score; as, to tally in a game.
Tally	Stoutly; with spirit.
Tallyho	The huntsman's cry to incite or urge on his hounds.
Tallyho	A tallyho coach.
Tallymen	of Tallyman
Tallyman	One who keeps the tally, or marks the sticks.
Tallyman	One who keeps a tally shop, or conducts his business as tally trade.
Talmas	of Talma
Talma	A kind of large cape, or short, full cloak, forming part of the dress of ladies.
Talma	A similar garment worn formerly by gentlemen.
Talmud	The body of the Jewish civil and canonical law not comprised in the Pentateuch.
Talmudic	Alt. of Talmudical
Talmudical	Of or pertaining to the Talmud; contained in the Talmud; as, Talmudic Greek; Talmudical phrases.
Talmudist	One versed in the Talmud; one who adheres to the teachings of the Talmud.
Talmudistic	Resembling the Talmud; Talmudic.
Talon	The claw of a predaceous bird or animal, especially the claw of a bird of prey.
Talon	One of certain small prominences on the hind part of the face of an elephant's tooth.
Talon	A kind of molding, concave at the bottom and convex at the top; -- usually called an ogee.
Talon	The shoulder of the bolt of a lock on which the key acts to shoot the bolt.
Talook	Alt. of Taluk
Taluk	A large estate; esp., one constituting a revenue district or dependency the native proprietor of which is responsible for the collection and payment of the public revenue due from it.
Talookdar	Alt. of Talukdar
Talukdar	A proprietor of a talook.
Talpa	A genus of small insectivores including the common European mole.
Tali	of Talus
Talus	The astragalus.
Talus	A variety of clubfoot (Talipes calcaneus). See the Note under Talipes.
Talus	A slope; the inclination of the face of a work.
Talus	A sloping heap of fragments of rock lying at the foot of a precipice.
Tamability	The quality or state of being tamable; tamableness.
Tamable	Capable of being tamed, subdued, or reclaimed from wildness or savage ferociousness.
Tamandu	A small ant-eater (Tamandua tetradactyla) native of the tropical parts of South America.
Tamanoir	The ant-bear.
Tamarack	The American larch; also, the larch of Oregon and British Columbia (Larix occidentalis). See Hackmatack, and Larch.
Tamarack	The black pine (Pinus Murrayana) of Alaska, California, etc. It is a small tree with fine-grained wood.
Tamaric	A shrub or tree supposed to be the tamarisk, or perhaps some kind of heath.
Tamarin	Any one of several species of small squirrel-like South American monkeys of the genus Midas, especially M. ursulus.
Tamarind	A leguminous tree (Tamarindus Indica) cultivated both the Indies, and the other tropical countries, for the sake of its shade, and for its fruit. The trunk of the tree is lofty and large, with wide-spreading branches; the flowers are in racemes at the ends of the branches. The leaves are small and finely pinnated.
Tamarind	One of the preserved seed pods of the tamarind, which contain an acid pulp, and are used medicinally and for preparing a pleasant drink.
Tamarisk	Any shrub or tree of the genus Tamarix, the species of which are European and Asiatic. They have minute scalelike leaves, and small flowers in spikes. An Arabian species (T. mannifera) is the source of one kind of manna.
Tambac	See Tombac.
Tambour	A kind of small flat drum; a tambourine.
Tambour	A small frame, commonly circular, and somewhat resembling a tambourine, used for stretching, and firmly holding, a portion of cloth that is to be embroidered; also, the embroidery done upon such a frame; -- called also, in the latter sense, tambour work.
Tambour	Same as Drum, n., 2(d).
Tambour	A work usually in the form of a redan, to inclose a space before a door or staircase, or at the gorge of a larger work. It is arranged like a stockade.
Tambour	A shallow metallic cup or drum, with a thin elastic membrane supporting a writing lever. Two or more of these are connected by an India rubber tube, and used to transmit and register the movements of the pulse or of any pulsating artery.
Tamboured	of Tambour
Tambouring	of Tambour
Tambour	To embroider on a tambour.
Tambourin	A tambourine.
Tambourin	An old Provencal dance of a lively character, common on the stage.
Tambourine	A small drum, especially a shallow drum with only one skin, played on with the hand, and having bells at the sides; a timbrel.
Tambreet	The duck mole.
Tamburin	See Tambourine.
Tame	To broach or enter upon; to taste, as a liquor; to divide; to distribute; to deal out.
Tame	Reduced from a state of native wildness and shyness; accustomed to man; domesticated; domestic; as, a tame deer, a tame bird.
Tame	Crushed; subdued; depressed; spiritless.
Tame	Deficient in spirit or animation; spiritless; dull; flat; insipid; as, a tame poem; tame scenery.
Tamed	of Tame
Taming	of Tame
Tame	To reduce from a wild to a domestic state; to make gentle and familiar; to reclaim; to domesticate; as, to tame a wild beast.
Tame	To subdue; to conquer; to repress; as, to tame the pride or passions of youth.
Tameable	Tamable.
Tameless	Incapable of being tamed; wild; untamed; untamable.
Tamely	In a tame manner.
Tameness	The quality or state of being tame.
Tamer	One who tames or subdues.
Tamias	A genus of ground squirrels, including the chipmunk.
Tamil	Of or pertaining to the Tamils, or to their language.
Tamil	One of a Dravidian race of men native of Northern Ceylon and Southern India.
Tamil	The Tamil language, the most important of the Dravidian languages. See Dravidian, a.
Tamilian	Tamil.
Tamine	Alt. of Taminy
Taminy	A kind of woolen cloth; tammy.
Tamis	A sieve, or strainer, made of a kind of woolen cloth.
Tamis	The cloth itself; tammy.
Tamkin	A tampion.
Tammies	of Tammy
Tammy	A kind of woolen, or woolen and cotton, cloth, often highly glazed, -- used for curtains, sieves, strainers, etc.
Tammy	A sieve, or strainer, made of this material; a tamis.
Tamped	of Tamp
Tamping	of Tamp
Tamp	In blasting, to plug up with clay, earth, dry sand, sod, or other material, as a hole bored in a rock, in order to prevent the force of the explosion from being misdirected.
Tamp	To drive in or down by frequent gentle strokes; as, to tamp earth so as to make a smooth place.
Tampan	A venomous South African tick.
Tampeon	See Tampion.
Tamper	One who tamps; specifically, one who prepares for blasting, by filling the hole in which the charge is placed.
Tamper	An instrument used in tamping; a tamping iron.
Tampered	of Tamper
Tampering	of Tamper
Tamper	To meddle; to be busy; to try little experiments; as, to tamper with a disease.
Tamper	To meddle so as to alter, injure, or vitiate a thing.
Tamper	To deal unfairly; to practice secretly; to use bribery.
Tamperer	One who tampers; one who deals unfairly.
Tampico fiber	Alt. of fibre
fibre	A tough vegetable fiber used as a substitute for bristles in making brushes. The piassava and the ixtle are both used under this name.
Tamping	The act of one who tamps; specifically, the act of filling up a hole in a rock, or the branch of a mine, for the purpose of blasting the rock or exploding the mine.
Tamping	The material used in tamping. See Tamp, v. t., 1.
Tampion	A wooden stopper, or plug, as for a cannon or other piece of ordnance, when not in use.
Tampion	A plug for upper end of an organ pipe.
Tampoe	The edible fruit of an East Indian tree (Baccaurea Malayana) of the Spurge family. It somewhat resembles an apple.
Tampon	A plug introduced into a natural or artificial cavity of the body in order to arrest hemorrhage, or for the application of medicine.
Tampon	To plug with a tampon.
Tampoon	The stopper of a barrel; a bung.
Tam-tam	A kind of drum used in the East Indies and other Oriental countries; -- called also tom-tom.
Tam-tam	A gong. See Gong, n., 1.
Tamul	Tamil.
Tan	See Picul.
Tan	The bark of the oak, and some other trees, bruised and broken by a mill, for tanning hides; -- so called both before and after it has been used. Called also tan bark.
Tan	A yellowish-brown color, like that of tan.
Tan	A brown color imparted to the skin by exposure to the sun; as, hands covered with tan.
Tan	Of the color of tan; yellowish-brown.
Tanned	of Tan
Tanning	of Tan
Tan	To convert (the skin of an animal) into leather, as by usual process of steeping it in an infusion of oak or some other bark, whereby it is impregnated with tannin, or tannic acid (which exists in several species of bark), and is thus rendered firm, durable, and in some degree impervious to water.
Tan	To make brown; to imbrown, as by exposure to the rays of the sun; as, to tan the skin.
Tan	To get or become tanned.
Tana	Same as Banxring.
Tanager	Any one of numerous species of bright-colored singing birds belonging to Tanagra, Piranga, and allied genera. The scarlet tanager (Piranga erythromelas) and the summer redbird (Piranga rubra) are common species of the United States.
Tanagrine	Of or pertaining to the tanagers.
Tanagroid	Tanagrine.
Tanate	An Asiatic wild dog (Canis procyonoides), native of Japan and adjacent countries. It has a short, bushy tail. Called also raccoon dog.
Tandem	One after another; -- said especially of horses harnessed and driven one before another, instead of abreast.
Tandem	A team of horses harnessed one before the other.
Tang	A coarse blackish seaweed (Fuscus nodosus).
Tang	A strong or offensive taste; especially, a taste of something extraneous to the thing itself; as, wine or cider has a tang of the cask.
Tang	Fig.: A sharp, specific flavor or tinge.  Cf. Tang a twang.
Tang	A projecting part of an object by means of which it is secured to a handle, or to some other part; anything resembling a tongue in form or position.
Tang	The part of a knife, fork, file, or other small instrument, which is inserted into the handle.
Tang	The projecting part of the breech of a musket barrel, by which the barrel is secured to the stock.
Tang	The part of a sword blade to which the handle is fastened.
Tang	The tongue of a buckle.
Tang	A sharp, twanging sound; an unpleasant tone; a twang.
Tanged	of Tang
Tanging	of Tang
Tang	To cause to ring or sound loudly; to ring.
Tang	To make a ringing sound; to ring.
Tangalung	An East Indian civet (Viverra tangalunga).
Tangence	Tangency.
Tangency	The quality or state of being tangent; a contact or touching.
Tangent	A tangent line curve, or surface; specifically, that portion of the straight line tangent to a curve that is between the point of tangency and a given line, the given line being, for example, the axis of abscissas, or a radius of a circle produced. See Trigonometrical function, under Function.
Tangent	Touching; touching at a single point
Tangent	meeting a curve or surface at a point and having at that point the same direction as the curve or surface; -- said of a straight line, curve, or surface; as, a line tangent to a curve; a curve tangent to a surface; tangent surfaces.
Tangental	Tangential.
Tangential	Of or pertaining to a tangent; in the direction of a tangent.
Tangentially	In the direction of a tangent.
Tangerine	A kind of orange, much like the mandarin, but of deeper color and higher flavor. It is said to have been produced in America from the mandarin.
Tangfish	The common harbor seal.
Tanghinia	The ordeal tree. See under Ordeal.
Tangibility	The quality or state of being tangible.
Tangible	Perceptible to the touch; tactile; palpable.
Tangible	Capable of being possessed or realized; readily apprehensible by the mind; real; substantial; evident.
Tangled	of Tangle
Tangling	of Tangle
Tangle	To unite or knit together confusedly; to interweave or interlock, as threads, so as to make it difficult to unravel the knot; to entangle; to ravel.
Tangle	To involve; to insnare; to entrap; as, to be tangled in lies.
Tangle	To be entangled or united confusedly; to get in a tangle.
Tangle	Any large blackish seaweed, especially the Laminaria saccharina. See Kelp.
Tangle	A knot of threads, or other thing, united confusedly, or so interwoven as not to be easily disengaged; a snarl; as, hair or yarn in tangles; a tangle of vines and briers. Used also figuratively.
Tangle	An instrument consisting essentially of an iron bar to which are attached swabs, or bundles of frayed rope, or other similar substances, -- used to capture starfishes, sea urchins, and other similar creatures living at the bottom of the sea.
Tanglefish	The sea adder, or great pipefish of Europe.
Tanglingly	In a tangling manner.
Tangly	Entangled; intricate.
Tangly	Covered with tangle, or seaweed.
Tangram	A Chinese toy made by cutting a square of thin wood, or other suitable material, into seven pieces, as shown in the cut, these pieces being capable of combination in various ways, so as to form a great number of different figures. It is now often used in primary schools as a means of instruction.
Tangue	The tenrec.
Tangun	A piebald variety of the horse, native of Thibet.
Tangwhaup	The whimbrel.
Tanier	An aroid plant (Caladium sagittaefolium), the leaves of which are boiled and eaten in the West Indies.
Tanist	In Ireland, a lord or proprietor of a tract of land or of a castle, elected by a family, under the system of tanistry.
Tanistry	In Ireland, a tenure of family lands by which the proprietor had only a life estate, to which he was admitted by election.
Tanite	A firm composition of emery and a certain kind of cement, used for making grinding wheels, slabs, etc.
Tank	A small Indian dry measure, averaging 240 grains in weight; also, a Bombay weight of 72 grains, for pearls.
Tank	A large basin or cistern; an artificial receptacle for liquids.
Tanka	A kind of boat used in Canton. It is about 25 feet long and is often rowed by women. Called also tankia.
Tankard	A large drinking vessel, especially one with a cover.
Tankia	See Tanka.
Tankling	A tinkling.
Tanling	One tanned by the sun.
Tannable	That may be tanned.
Tannage	A tanning; the act, operation, or result of tanning.
Tannate	A salt of tannic acid.
Tanner	One whose occupation is to tan hides, or convert them into leather by the use of tan.
Tanneries	of Tannery
Tannery	A place where the work of tanning is carried on.
Tannery	The art or process of tanning.
Tannic	Of or pertaining to tan; derived from, or resembling, tan; as, tannic acid.
Tannier	See Tanier.
Tannin	Same as Tannic acid, under Tannic.
Tanning	The art or process of converting skins into leather. See Tan, v. t., 1.
Tanrec	Same as Tenrec.
Tansy	Any plant of the composite genus Tanacetum. The common tansy (T. vulgare) has finely divided leaves, a strong aromatic odor, and a very bitter taste. It is used for medicinal and culinary purposes.
Tansy	A dish common in the seventeenth century, made of eggs, sugar, rose water, cream, and the juice of herbs, baked with butter in a shallow dish.
Tant	A small scarlet arachnid.
Tantalate	A salt of tantalic acid.
Tantalic	Of or pertaining to tantalum; derived from, or containing, tantalum; specifically, designating any one of a series of acids analogous to nitric acid and the polyacid compounds of phosphorus.
Tantalism	A punishment like that of Tantalus; a teasing or tormenting by the hope or near approach of good which is not attainable; tantalization.
Tantalite	A heavy mineral of an iron-black color and submetallic luster. It is essentially a tantalate of iron.
Tantalization	The act of tantalizing, or state of being tantalized.
Tantalized	of Tantalize
Tantalizing	of Tantalize
Tantalize	To tease or torment by presenting some good to the view and exciting desire, but continually frustrating the expectations by keeping that good out of reach; to tease; to torment.
Tantalizer	One who tantalizes.
Tantalizingly	In a tantalizing or teasing manner.
Tantalum	A rare nonmetallic element found in certain minerals, as tantalite, samarskite, and fergusonite, and isolated as a dark powder which becomes steel-gray by burnishing. Symbol Ta. Atomic weight 182.0. Formerly called also tantalium.
Tantalus	A Phrygian king who was punished in the lower world by being placed in the midst of a lake whose waters reached to his chin but receded whenever he attempted to allay his thirst, while over his head hung branches laden with choice fruit which likewise receded whenever he stretched out his hand to grasp them.
Tantalus	A genus of wading birds comprising the wood ibises.
Tantamount	Equivalent in value, signification, or effect.
Tantamount	To be tantamount or equivalent; to amount.
Tantivy	Swiftly; speedily; rapidly; -- a fox-hunting term; as, to ride tantivy.
Tantivy	A rapid, violent gallop; an impetuous rush.
Tantivy	To go away in haste.
Tantrum	A whim, or burst of ill-humor; an affected air.
Tanyard	An inclosure where the tanning of leather is carried on; a tannery.
Tanystomata	A division of dipterous insects in which the proboscis is large and contains lancelike mandibles and maxillae. The horseflies and robber flies are examples.
Taoism	One of the popular religions of China, sanctioned by the state.
Tapped	of Tap
Tapping	of Tap
Tap	To strike with a slight or gentle blow; to touch gently; to rap lightly; to pat; as, to tap one with the hand or a cane.
Tap	To put a new sole or heel on; as, to tap shoes.
Tap	A gentle or slight blow; a light rap; a pat.
Tap	A piece of leather fastened upon the bottom of a boot or shoe in repairing or renewing the sole or heel.
Tap	A signal, by drum or trumpet, for extinguishing all lights in soldiers' quarters and retiring to bed, -- usually given about a quarter of an hour after tattoo.
Tap	To strike a gentle blow.
Tap	A hole or pipe through which liquor is drawn.
Tap	A plug or spile for stopping a hole pierced in a cask, or the like; a faucet.
Tap	Liquor drawn through a tap; hence, a certain kind or quality of liquor; as, a liquor of the same tap.
Tap	A place where liquor is drawn for drinking; a taproom; a bar.
Tap	A tool for forming an internal screw, as in a nut, consisting of a hardened steel male screw grooved longitudinally so as to have cutting edges.
Tap	To pierce so as to let out, or draw off, a fluid; as, to tap a cask, a tree, a tumor, etc.
Tap	Hence, to draw from (anything) in any analogous way; as, to tap telegraph wires for the purpose of intercepting information; to tap the treasury.
Tap	To draw, or cause to flow, by piercing.
Tap	To form an internal screw in (anything) by means of a tool called a tap; as, to tap a nut.
Tapa	A kind of cloth prepared by the Polynesians from the inner bark of the paper mulberry; -- sometimes called also kapa.
Tapayaxin	A Mexican spinous lizard (Phrynosoma orbiculare) having a head somewhat like that of a toad; -- called also horned toad.
Tape	A narrow fillet or band of cotton or linen; a narrow woven fabric used for strings and the like; as, curtains tied with tape.
Tape	A tapeline; also, a metallic ribbon so marked as to serve as a tapeline; as, a steel tape.
Tapeline	A painted tape, marked with linear dimensions, as inches, feet, etc., and often inclosed in a case, -- used for measuring.
Taper	A small wax candle; a small lighted wax candle; hence, a small light.
Taper	A tapering form; gradual diminution of thickness in an elongated object; as, the taper of a spire.
Taper	Regularly narrowed toward the point; becoming small toward one end; conical; pyramidical; as, taper fingers.
Tapered	of Taper
Tapering	of Taper
Taper	To become gradually smaller toward one end; as, a sugar loaf tapers toward one end.
Taper	To make or cause to taper.
Tapered	Lighted with a taper or tapers; as, a tapered choir.
Tapering	Becoming gradually smaller toward one end.
Taperness	The quality or state of being taper; tapering form; taper.
Tapestries	of Tapestry
Tapestry	A fabric, usually of worsted, worked upon a warp of linen or other thread by hand, the designs being usually more or less pictorial and the stuff employed for wall hangings and the like. The term is also applied to different kinds of embroidery.
Tapestried	of Tapestry
Tapestrying	of Tapestry
Tapestry	To adorn with tapestry, or as with tapestry.
Tapet	Worked or figured stuff; tapestry.
Tapetis	of Tapeti
Tapeti	A small South American hare (Lepus Braziliensis).
Tapetum	An area in the pigmented layer of the choroid coat of the eye in many animals, which has an iridescent or metallic luster and helps to make the eye visible in the dark. Sometimes applied to the whole layer of pigmented epithelium of the choroid.
Tapeworm	Any one of numerous species of cestode worms belonging to Taenia and many allied genera. The body is long, flat, and composed of numerous segments or proglottids varying in shape, those toward the end of the body being much larger and longer than the anterior ones, and containing the fully developed sexual organs. The head is small, destitute of a mouth, but furnished with two or more suckers (which vary greatly in shape in different genera), and sometimes, also, with hooks for adhesion to the walls of the intestines of the animals in which they are parasitic. The larvae (see Cysticercus) live in the flesh of various creatures, and when swallowed by another animal of the right species develop into the mature tapeworm in its intestine. See Illustration in Appendix.
Taphouse	A house where liquors are retailed.
Taphrenchyma	Same as Bothrenchyma.
Tapinage	A lurking or skulking.
Tapioca	A coarsely granular substance obtained by heating, and thus partly changing, the moistened starch obtained from the roots of the cassava. It is much used in puddings and as a thickening for soups. See Cassava.
Tapir	Any one of several species of large odd-toed ungulates belonging to Tapirus, Elasmognathus, and allied genera. They have a long prehensile upper lip, short ears, short and stout legs, a short, thick tail, and short, close hair. They have three toes on the hind feet, and four toes on the fore feet, but the outermost toe is of little use.
Tapiroid	Allied to the tapir, or the Tapir family.
Tapis	Tapestry; formerly, the cover of a council table.
Tapis	To cover or work with figures like tapestry.
Tapiser	A maker of tapestry; an upholsterer.
Tapish	To lie close to the ground, so as to be concealed; to squat; to crouch; hence, to hide one's self.
Taplash	Bad small beer; also, the refuse or dregs of liquor.
Taplings	The strong double leathers by which the two parts of a flail are united.
Tapoa tafa	A small carnivorous marsupial (Phascogale penicillata) having long, soft fur, and a very long tail with a tuft of long hairs at the end; -- called also brush-tailed phascogale.
Tappen	An obstruction, or indigestible mass, found in the intestine of bears and other animals during hibernation.
Tapper	The lesser spotted woodpecker (Dendrocopus minor); -- called also tapperer, tabberer, little wood pie, barred woodpecker, wood tapper, hickwall, and pump borer.
Tappester	A female tapster.
Tappet	A lever or projection moved by some other piece, as a cam, or intended to tap or touch something else, with a view to produce change or regulate motion.
Tappice	Alt. of Tappis
Tappis	See Tapish.
Tappit hen	A hen having a tuft of feathers on her head.
Tappit hen	A measuring pot holding one quart (according to some, three quarts); -- so called from a knob on the lid, thought to resemble a crested hen.
Taproom	A room where liquors are kept on tap; a barroom.
Taproot	The root of a plant which penetrates the earth directly downward to a considerable depth without dividing.
Tapster	One whose business is to tap or draw ale or other liquor.
Taqua-nut	A Central American name for the ivory nut.
Tar	A sailor; a seaman.
Tar	A thick, black, viscous liquid obtained by the distillation of wood, coal, etc., and having a varied composition according to the temperature and material employed in obtaining it.
Tarred	of Tar
Tarring	of Tar
Tar	To smear with tar, or as with tar; as, to tar ropes; to tar cloth.
Taranis	A Celtic divinity, regarded as the evil principle, but confounded by the Romans with Jupiter.
Tarantass	A low four-wheeled carriage used in Russia. The carriage box rests on two long, springy poles which run from the fore to the hind axletree. When snow falls, the wheels are taken off, and the body is mounted on a sledge.
Tarantella	A rapid and delirious sort of Neapolitan dance in 6-8 time, which moves in whirling triplets; -- so called from a popular notion of its being a remedy against the poisonous bite of the tarantula. Some derive its name from Taranto in Apulia.
Tarantella	Music suited to such a dance.
Tarantism	A nervous affection producing melancholy, stupor, and an uncontrollable desire to dance. It was supposed to be produced by the bite of the tarantula, and considered to be incapable of cure except by protracted dancing to appropriate music.
Tarantulas	of Tarantula
Tarantulae	of Tarantula
Tarantula	Any one of several species of large spiders, popularly supposed to be very venomous, especially the European species (Tarantula apuliae). The tarantulas of Texas and adjacent countries are large species of Mygale.
Tarantulated	Bitten by a tarantula; affected with tarantism.
Tarbogan	See Toboggan.
Tarboosh	A red cap worn by Turks and other Eastern nations, sometimes alone and sometimes swathed with linen or other stuff to make a turban. See Fez.
Tardation	The act of retarding, or delaying; retardation.
Tardigrada	A tribe of edentates comprising the sloths. They are noted for the slowness of their movements when on the ground. See Sloth, 3.
Tardigrada	An order of minute aquatic arachnids; -- called also bear animalcules, sloth animalcules, and water bears.
Tardigrade	Moving or stepping slowly; slow-paced.
Tardigrade	Of or pertaining to the Tardigrada.
Tardigrade	One of the Tardigrada.
Tardigradous	Moving slowly; slow-paced.
Tardily	In a tardy manner; slowly.
Tardiness	The quality or state of being tardy.
Tarditation	Tardiness.
Tardity	Slowness; tardiness.
Tardo	Slow; -- a direction to perform a passage slowly.
Tardo	A sloth.
Tardy	Moving with a slow pace or motion; slow; not swift.
Tardy	Not being inseason; late; dilatory; -- opposed to prompt; as, to be tardy in one's payments.
Tardy	Unwary; unready.
Tardy	Criminal; guilty.
Tardy	To make tardy.
Tare	Tore.
Tare	A weed that grows among wheat and other grain; -- alleged by modern naturalists to be the Lolium temulentum, or darnel.
Tare	A name of several climbing or diffuse leguminous herbs of the genus Vicia; especially, the V. sativa, sometimes grown for fodder.
Tare	Deficientcy in the weight or quantity of goods by reason of the weight of the cask, bag, or whatever contains the commodity, and is weighed with it; hence, the allowance or abatement of a certain weight or quantity which the seller makes to the buyer on account of the weight of such cask, bag, etc.
Tared	of Tare
Taring	of Tare
Tare	To ascertain or mark the tare of (goods).
Tared	Weighed; determined; reduced to equal or standard weight; as, tared filter papers, used in weighing precipitates.
Tarente	A harmless lizard of the Gecko family (Platydactylus Mauritianicus) found in Southern Europe and adjacent countries, especially among old walls and ruins.
Tarentism	See Tarantism.
Tarentula	See Tarantula.
Targe	A shield or target.
Target	A kind of small shield or buckler, used as a defensive weapon in war.
Target	A butt or mark to shoot at, as for practice, or to test the accuracy of a firearm, or the force of a projectile.
Target	The pattern or arrangement of a series of hits made by a marksman on a butt or mark; as, he made a good target.
Target	The sliding crosspiece, or vane, on a leveling staff.
Target	A conspicuous disk attached to a switch lever to show its position, or for use as a signal.
Targeted	Furnished, armed, or protected, with a target.
Targeteer	One who is armed with a target or shield.
Targums	of Targum
Targumim	of Targum
Targum	A translation or paraphrase of some portion of the Old Testament Scriptures in the Chaldee or Aramaic language or dialect.
Targumist	The writer of a Targum; one versed in the Targums.
Tariff	A schedule, system, or scheme of duties imposed by the government of a country upon goods imported or exported; as, a revenue tariff; a protective tariff; Clay's compromise tariff. (U. S. 1833).
Tariff	The duty, or rate of duty, so imposed; as, the tariff on wool; a tariff of two cents a pound.
Tariff	Any schedule or system of rates, changes, etc.; as, a tariff of fees, or of railroad fares.
Tariffed	of Tariff
Tariffing	of Tariff
Tariff	To make a list of duties on, as goods.
Tarin	The siskin.
Taring	The common tern; -- called also tarret, and tarrock.
Tarlatan	A kind of thin, transparent muslin, used for dresses.
Tarn	A mountain lake or pool.
Tarnished	of Tarnish
Tarnishing	of Tarnish
Tarnish	To soil, or change the appearance of, especially by an alternation induced by the air, or by dust, or the like; to diminish, dull, or destroy the luster of; to sully; as, to tarnish a metal; to tarnish gilding; to tarnish the purity of color.
Tarnish	To lose luster; to become dull; as, gilding will tarnish in a foul air.
Tarnish	The quality or state of being tarnished; stain; soil; blemish.
Tarnish	A thin film on the surface of a metal, usually due to a slight alteration of the original color; as, the steel tarnish in columbite.
Tarnisher	One who, or that which, tarnishes.
Taro	A name for several aroid plants (Colocasia antiquorum, var. esculenta, Colocasia macrorhiza, etc.), and their rootstocks. They have large ovate-sagittate leaves and large fleshy rootstocks, which are cooked and used for food in tropical countries.
Tarot	A game of cards; -- called also taroc.
Tarpan	A wild horse found in the region of the Caspian Sea.
Tarpaulin	A piece of canvas covered with tar or a waterproof composition, used for covering the hatches of a ship, hammocks, boats, etc.
Tarpaulin	A hat made of, or covered with, painted or tarred cloth, worn by sailors and others.
Tarpaulin	Hence, a sailor; a seaman; a tar.
Tarpon	Same as Tarpum.
Tarpum	A very large marine fish (Megapolis Atlanticus) of the Southern United States and the West Indies. It often becomes six or more feet in length, and has large silvery scales. The scales are a staple article of trade, and are used in fancywork. Called also tarpon, sabalo, savanilla, silverfish, and jewfish.
Tarquinish	Like a Tarquin, a king of ancient Rome; proud; haughty; overbearing.
Tarrace	See Trass.
Tarragon	A plant of the genus Artemisa (A. dracunculus), much used in France for flavoring vinegar.
Tarras	See Trass.
Tarre	To set on, as a dog; to incite.
Tarriance	The act or time of tarrying; delay; lateness.
Tarrier	One who, or that which, tarries.
Tarrier	A kind of dig; a terrier.
Tarrock	The young of the kittiwake gull before the first molt.
Tarrock	The common guillemot.
Tarrock	The common tern.
Tarry	Consisting of, or covered with, tar; like tar.
Tarried	of Tarry
Tarrying	of Tarry
Tarry	To stay or remain behind; to wait.
Tarry	To delay; to put off going or coming; to loiter.
Tarry	To stay; to abide; to continue; to lodge.
Tarry	To delay; to defer; to put off.
Tarry	To wait for; to stay or stop for.
Tarry	Stay; stop; delay.
Tarsal	Of or pertaining to the tarsus (either of the foot or eye).
Tarsal	A tarsal bone or cartilage; a tarsale.
Tarsal	Same as Tercel.
Tarsalia	of Tarsale
Tarsale	One of the bones or cartilages of the tarsus; esp., one of the series articulating with the metatarsals.
Tarse	The male falcon.
Tarse	tarsus.
Tarsectomy	The operation of excising one or more of the bones of the tarsus.
Tarsel	A male hawk. See Tercel.
Tarsi	pl. of Tarsus.
Tarsia	Alt. of Tarsiatura
Tarsiatura	A kind of mosaic in woodwork, much employed in Italy in the fifteenth century and later, in which scrolls and arabesques, and sometimes architectural scenes, landscapes, fruits, flowers, and the like, were produced by inlaying pieces of wood of different colors and shades into panels usually of walnut wood.
Tarsier	See Tarsius.
Tarsius	A genus of nocturnal lemurine mammals having very large eyes and ears, a long tail, and very long proximal tarsal bones; -- called also malmag, spectral lemur, podji, and tarsier.
Tarso-	A combining form used in anatomy to indicate connection with, or relation to, the tarsus; as, tarsometatarsus.
Tarsometatarsal	Of or pertaining to both the tarsus and metatarsus; as, the tarsometatarsal articulations.
Tarsometatarsal	Of or pertaining to the tarsometatarsus.
Tarsometatarsi	of Tarsometatarsus
Tarsometatarsus	The large bone next the foot in the leg of a bird. It is formed by the union of the distal part of the tarsus with the metatarsus.
Tarsorrhaphy	An operation to diminish the size of the opening between eyelids when enlarged by surrounding cicatrices.
Tarsotomy	The operation of cutting or removing the tarsal cartilages.
Tarsi	of Tarsus
Tarsus	The ankle; the bones or cartilages of the part of the foot between the metatarsus and the leg, consisting in man of seven short bones.
Tarsus	A plate of dense connective tissue or cartilage in the eyelid of man and many animals; -- called also tarsal cartilage, and tarsal plate.
Tarsus	The foot of an insect or a crustacean. It usually consists of form two to five joints.
Tart	Sharp to the taste; acid; sour; as, a tart apple.
Tart	Fig.: Sharp; keen; severe; as, a tart reply; tart language; a tart rebuke.
Tart	A species of small open pie, or piece of pastry, containing jelly or conserve; a sort of fruit pie.
Tartan	Woolen cloth, checkered or crossbarred with narrow bands of various colors, much worn in the Highlands of Scotland; hence, any pattern of tartan; also, other material of a similar pattern.
Tartan	A small coasting vessel, used in the Mediterranean, having one mast carrying large leteen sail, and a bowsprit with staysail or jib.
Tartar	A reddish crust or sediment in wine casks, consisting essentially of crude cream of tartar, and used in marking pure cream of tartar, tartaric acid, potassium carbonate, black flux, etc., and, in dyeing, as a mordant for woolen goods; -- called also argol, wine stone, etc.
Tartar	A correction which often incrusts the teeth, consisting of salivary mucus, animal matter, and phosphate of lime.
Tartar	A native or inhabitant of Tartary in Asia; a member of any one of numerous tribes, chiefly Moslem, of Turkish origin, inhabiting the Russian Europe; -- written also, more correctly but less usually, Tatar.
Tartar	A person of a keen, irritable temper.
Tartar	Of or pertaining to Tartary in Asia, or the Tartars.
Tartar	See Tartarus.
Tartarated	Tartrated.
Tartarean	Alt. of Tartareous
Tartareous	Of or pertaining to Tartarus; hellish.
Tartareous	Consisting of tartar; of the nature of tartar.
Tartareous	Having the surface rough and crumbling; as, many lichens are tartareous.
Tartarian	Alt. of Tartaric
Tartaric	Of or pertaining to Tartary in Asia, or the Tartars.
Tartarian	The name of some kinds of cherries, as the Black Tartarian, or the White Tartarian.
Tartaric	Of or pertaining to tartar; derived from, or resembling, tartar.
Tartarine	Potassium carbonate, obtained by the incineration of tartar.
Tartarized	of Tartarize
Tartarizing	of Tartarize
Tartarize	To impregnate with, or subject to the action of, tartar.
Tartarize	To cause to resemble the Tartars and their civilization, as by conquest.
Tartarous	Containing tartar; consisting of tartar, or partaking of its qualities; tartareous.
Tartarous	Resembling, or characteristic of, a Tartar; ill-natured; irritable.
Tartarum	See 1st Tartar.
Tartarus	The infernal regions, described in the Iliad as situated as far below Hades as heaven is above the earth, and by later writers as the place of punishment for the spirits of the wicked. By the later poets, also, the name is often used synonymously with Hades, or the Lower World in general.
Tartary	Tartarus.
Tartini's tones	See the Note under Tone.
Tartish	Somewhat tart.
Tartlet	A small tart.
Tartly	In a tart manner; with acidity.
Tartness	The quality or state of being tart.
Tartralic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid obtained as a white amorphous deliquescent substance, C8H10O11; -- called also ditartaric, tartrilic, or tartrylic acid.
Tartramate	A salt of tartramic acid.
Tartramic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid which is the primary acid amide derivative of tartaric acid.
Tartramide	An acid amide derivative of tartaric acid, obtained as a white crystalline substance.
Tartrate	A salt of tartaric acid.
Tartrated	Containing, or derived from, tartar; combined with tartaric acid.
Tartrazine	An artificial dyestuff obtained as an orange-yellow powder, and regarded as a phenyl hydrazine derivative of tartaric and sulphonic acids.
Tartrelic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an anhydride, C4H4O5, of tartaric acid, obtained as a white crystalline deliquescent substance.
Tartro-	A combining form (also used adjectively) used in chemistry to denote the presence of tartar or of some of its compounds or derivatives.
Tartronate	A salt of tartronic acid.
Tartronic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an organic acid (called also hydroxy malonic acid) obtained, by reducing mesoxalic acid, as a white crystalline substance.
Tartronyl	A hypothetical radical constituting the characteristic residue of tartronic acid and certain of its derivatives.
Tartrovinic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a certain acid composed of tartaric acid in combination with ethyl, and now called ethyltartaric acid.
Tartuffe	Alt. of Tartufe
Tartufe	A hypocritical devotee. See the Dictionary of Noted Names in Fiction.
Tartuffish	Alt. of Tartufish
Tartufish	Like a tartuffe; precise; hypocritical.
Tarweed	A name given to several resinous-glandular composite plants of California, esp. to the species of Grindelia, Hemizonia, and Madia.
Tas	A heap.
Tas	To tassel.
Tasco	A kind of clay for making melting pots.
Tasimer	An instrument for detecting or measuring minute extension or movements of solid bodies. It consists essentially of a small rod, disk, or button of carbon, forming part of an electrical circuit, the resistance of which, being varied by the changes of pressure produced by the movements of the object to be measured, causes variations in the strength of the current, which variations are indicated by a sensitive galvanometer. It is also used for measuring minute changes of temperature.
Task	Labor or study imposed by another, often in a definite quantity or amount.
Task	Business; employment; undertaking; labor.
Tasked	of Task
Tasking	of Task
Task	To impose a task upon; to assign a definite amount of business, labor, or duty to.
Task	To oppress with severe or excessive burdens; to tax.
Task	To charge; to tax; as with a fault.
Tasker	One who imposes a task.
Tasker	One who performs a task, as a day-laborer.
Tasker	A laborer who receives his wages in kind.
Taskmaster	One who imposes a task, or burdens another with labor; one whose duty is to assign tasks; an overseer.
Taskwork	Work done as a task; also, work done by the job; piecework.
Taslet	A piece of armor formerly worn to guard the things; a tasse.
Tasmanian	Of or pertaining to Tasmania, or Van Diemen's Land. -- n. A native or inhabitant of Tasmania; specifically (Ethnol.), in the plural, the race of men that formerly inhabited Tasmania, but is now extinct.
Tasse	A piece of armor for the thighs, forming an appendage to the ancient corselet.
Tassel	A male hawk. See Tercel.
Tassel	A kind of bur used in dressing cloth; a teasel.
Tassel	A pendent ornament, attached to the corners of cushions, to curtains, and the like, ending in a tuft of loose threads or cords.
Tassel	The flower or head of some plants, esp. when pendent.
Tassel	A narrow silk ribbon, or the like, sewed to a book to be put between the leaves.
Tassel	A piece of board that is laid upon a wall as a sort of plate, to give a level surface to the ends of floor timbers; -- rarely used in the United States.
Tasseled	of Tassel
Tasselled	of Tassel
Tasseling	of Tassel
Tasselling	of Tassel
Tassel	To put forth a tassel or flower; as, maize tassels.
Tassel	To adorn with tassels.
Tasset	A defense for the front of the thigh, consisting of one or more iron plates hanging from the belt on the lower edge of the corselet.
Tastable	Capable of worthy of being tasted; savory; relishing.
Tasted	of Taste
Tasting	of Taste
Taste	To try by the touch; to handle; as, to taste a bow.
Taste	To try by the touch of the tongue; to perceive the relish or flavor of (anything) by taking a small quantity into a mouth. Also used figuratively.
Taste	To try by eating a little; to eat a small quantity of.
Taste	To become acquainted with by actual trial; to essay; to experience; to undergo.
Taste	To partake of; to participate in; -- usually with an implied sense of relish or pleasure.
Taste	To try food with the mouth; to eat or drink a little only; to try the flavor of anything; as, to taste of each kind of wine.
Taste	To have a smack; to excite a particular sensation, by which the specific quality or flavor is distinguished; to have a particular quality or character; as, this water tastes brackish; the milk tastes of garlic.
Taste	To take sparingly.
Taste	To have perception, experience, or enjoyment; to partake; as, to taste of nature's bounty.
Taste	The act of tasting; gustation.
Taste	A particular sensation excited by the application of a substance to the tongue; the quality or savor of any substance as perceived by means of the tongue; flavor; as, the taste of an orange or an apple; a bitter taste; an acid taste; a sweet taste.
Taste	The one of the five senses by which certain properties of bodies (called their taste, savor, flavor) are ascertained by contact with the organs of taste.
Taste	Intellectual relish; liking; fondness; -- formerly with of, now with for; as, he had no taste for study.
Taste	The power of perceiving and relishing excellence in human performances; the faculty of discerning beauty, order, congruity, proportion, symmetry, or whatever constitutes excellence, particularly in the fine arts and belles-letters; critical judgment; discernment.
Taste	Manner, with respect to what is pleasing, refined, or in accordance with good usage; style; as, music composed in good taste; an epitaph in bad taste.
Taste	Essay; trial; experience; experiment.
Taste	A small portion given as a specimen; a little piece tastted of eaten; a bit.
Taste	A kind of narrow and thin silk ribbon.
Tasteful	Having a high relish; savory.
Tasteful	Having or exhibiting good taste; in accordance with good taste; tasty; as, a tasteful drapery.
Tasteless	Having no taste; insipid; flat; as, tasteless fruit.
Tasteless	Destitute of the sense of taste; or of good taste; as, a tasteless age.
Tasteless	Not in accordance with good taste; as, a tasteless arrangement of drapery.
Taster	One who tastes; especially, one who first tastes food or drink to ascertain its quality.
Taster	That in which, or by which, anything is tasted, as, a dram cup, a cheese taster, or the like.
Taster	One of a peculiar kind of zooids situated on the polyp-stem of certain Siphonophora. They somewhat resemble the feeding zooids, but are destitute of mouths. See Siphonophora.
Tastily	In a tasty manner.
Tasting	The act of perceiving or tasting by the organs of taste; the faculty or sense by which we perceive or distinguish savors.
Tasto	A key or thing touched to produce a tone.
Tasty	Having a good taste; -- applied to persons; as, a tasty woman. See Taste, n., 5.
Tasty	Being in conformity to the principles of good taste; elegant; as, tasty furniture; a tasty dress.
Tat	Gunny cloth made from the fiber of the Corchorus olitorius, or jute.
Tat	A pony.
Tataupa	A South American tinamou (Crypturus tataupa).
Tatch	A spot or stain; also, a trick.
Tath	3d pers. sing. pres. of Ta, to take.
Tath	Dung, or droppings of cattle.
Tath	The luxuriant grass growing about the droppings of cattle in a pasture.
Tath	To manure (land) by pasturing cattle on it, or causing them to lie upon it.
Tatou	The giant armadillo (Priodontes gigas) of tropical South America. It becomes nearly five feet long including the tail. It is noted for its burrowing powers, feeds largely upon dead animals, and sometimes invades human graves.
Tatouay	An armadillo (Xenurus unicinctus), native of the tropical parts of South America. It has about thirteen movable bands composed of small, nearly square, scales. The head is long; the tail is round and tapered, and nearly destitute of scales; the claws of the fore feet are very large. Called also tatouary, and broad-banded armadillo.
Tatouhou	The peba.
Tatt	To make (anything) by tatting; to work at tatting; as, tatted edging.
Tatta	A bamboo frame or trellis hung at a door or window of a house, over which water is suffered to trickle, in order to moisten and cool the air as it enters.
Tatter	One who makes tatting.
Tatter	A rag, or a part torn and hanging; -- chiefly used in the plural.
Tattered	of Tatter
Tatter	To rend or tear into rags; -- used chiefly in the past participle as an adjective.
Tatterdemalion	A ragged fellow; a ragamuffin.
Tatting	A kind of lace made from common sewing thread, with a peculiar stitch.
Tattled	of Tattle
Tattling	of Tattle
Tattle	To prate; to talk idly; to use many words with little meaning; to chat.
Tattle	To tell tales; to communicate secrets; to be a talebearer; as, a tattling girl.
Tattle	Idle talk or chat; trifling talk; prate.
Tattler	One who tattles; an idle talker; one who tells tales.
Tattler	Any one of several species of large, long-legged sandpipers belonging to the genus Totanus.
Tattlery	Idle talk or chat; tittle-tattle.
Tattling	Given to idle talk; apt to tell tales.
Tattoo	A beat of drum, or sound of a trumpet or bugle, at night, giving notice to soldiers to retreat, or to repair to their quarters in garrison, or to their tents in camp.
Tattooed	of Tattoo
Tattooing	of Tattoo
Tattoo	To color, as the flesh, by pricking in coloring matter, so as to form marks or figures which can not be washed out.
Tattoos	of Tattoo
Tattoo	An indelible mark or figure made by puncturing the skin and introducing some pigment into the punctures; -- a mode of ornamentation practiced by various barbarous races, both in ancient and modern times, and also by some among civilized nations, especially by sailors.
Tatu	Same as Tatou.
Tatusiid	Any armadillo of the family Tatusiidae, of which the peba and mule armadillo are examples. Also used adjectively.
Tau	The common American toadfish; -- so called from a marking resembling the Greek letter tau (/).
Taught	See Taut.
Taught	imp. & p. p. of Teach.
Taunt	Very high or tall; as, a ship with taunt masts.
Taunted	of Taunt
Taunting	of Taunt
Taunt	To reproach with severe or insulting words; to revile; to upbraid; to jeer at; to flout.
Taunt	Upbraiding language; bitter or sarcastic reproach; insulting invective.
Taunter	One who taunts.
Taunting	a. & n. from Taunt, v.
Tauntingly	In a taunting manner.
Tauntress	A woman who taunts.
Taur	The constellation Taurus.
Tauricornous	Having horns like those of a bull.
Tauridor	A bullfighter; a toreador.
Tauriform	Having the form of a bull.
Taurine	Of or pertaining to the genus Taurus, or cattle.
Taurine	A body occurring in small quantity in the juices of muscle, in the lungs, and elsewhere, but especially in the bile, where it is found as a component part of taurocholic acid, from which it can be prepared by decomposition of the acid. It crystallizes in colorless, regular six-sided prisms, and is especially characterized by containing both nitrogen and sulphur, being chemically amido-isethionic acid, C2H7NSO3.
Taurocholate	A salt of taurocholic acid; as, sodium taurocholate, which occurs in human bile.
Taurocholic	Pertaining to, or designating, a conjugate acid (called taurocholic acid) composed of taurine and cholic acid, present abundantly in human bile and in that of carnivora. It is exceedingly deliquescent, and hence appears generally as a thick, gummy mass, easily soluble in water and alcohol. It has a bitter taste.
Taurocol	Alt. of Taurocolla
Taurocolla	Glue made from a bull's hide.
Tauromachian	Of or pertaining to bullfights.
Tauromachian	A bullfighter.
Tauromachy	Bullfighting.
Taurus	The Bull; the second in order of the twelve signs of the zodiac, which the sun enters about the 20th of April; -- marked thus [/] in almanacs.
Taurus	A zodiacal constellation, containing the well-known clusters called the Pleiades and the Hyades, in the latter of which is situated the remarkably bright Aldebaran.
Taurus	A genus of ruminants comprising the common domestic cattle.
Taurylic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid found of a urine of neat cattle, and probably identical with cresol.
Taut	Tight; stretched; not slack; -- said esp. of a rope that is tightly strained.
Taut	Snug; close; firm; secure.
Tautegorical	Expressing the same thing with different words; -- opposed to allegorical.
Tautochrone	A curved line, such that a heavy body, descending along it by the action of gravity, will always arrive at the lowest point in the same time, wherever in the curve it may begin to fall; as, an inverted cycloid with its base horizontal is a tautochrone.
Tautochronous	Occupying the same time; pertaining to, or having the properties of, a tautochrone.
Tautog	An edible labroid fish (Haitula onitis, or Tautoga onitis) of the Atlantic coast of the United States. When adult it is nearly black, more or less irregularly barred, with greenish gray. Called also blackfish, oyster fish, salt-water chub, and moll.
Tautologic	Tautological.
Tautological	Involving tautology; having the same signification; as, tautological expression.
Tautologist	One who uses tautological words or phrases.
Tautologized	of Tautologize
Tautologizing	of Tautologize
Tautologize	To repeat the same thing in different words.
Tautologous	Repeating the same thing in different words; tautological.
Tautology	A repetition of the same meaning in different words; needless repetition of an idea in different words or phrases; a representation of anything as the cause, condition, or consequence of itself, as in the following lines: --//The dawn is overcast, the morning lowers,/And heavily in clouds brings on the day. Addison.
Tautomeric	Relating to, or characterized by, tautomerism.
Tautomerism	The condition, quality, or relation of metameric substances, or their respective derivatives, which are more or less interchangeable, according as one form or the other is the more stable. It is a special case of metamerism; thus, the lactam and the lactim compounds exhibit tautomerism.
Tautoousian	Alt. of Tautoousious
Tautoousious	Having the same essence; being identically of the same nature.
Tautophonical	Pertaining to, or characterized by, tautophony; repeating the same sound.
Tautophony	Repetition of the same sound.
Tautozonal	Belonging to the same zone; as, tautozonal planes.
Tavern	A public house where travelers and other transient guests are accomodated with rooms and meals; an inn; a hotel; especially, in modern times, a public house licensed to sell liquor in small quantities.
Taverner	One who keeps a tavern.
Taverning	A feasting at taverns.
Tavernmen	of Tavernman
Tavernman	The keeper of a tavern; also, a tippler.
Taw	Tow.
Taw	To push; to tug; to tow.
Tawed	of Taw
Tawing	of Taw
Taw	To prepare or dress, as hemp, by beating; to tew; hence, to beat; to scourge.
Taw	To dress and prepare, as the skins of sheep, lambs, goats, and kids, for gloves, and the like, by imbuing them with alum, salt, and other agents, for softening and bleaching them.
Taw	A large marble to be played with; also, a game at marbles.
Taw	A line or mark from which the players begin a game of marbles.
Tawdrily	In a tawdry manner.
Tawdriness	Quality or state of being tawdry.
Tawdry	Bought at the festival of St. Audrey.
Tawdry	Very fine and showy in colors, without taste or elegance; having an excess of showy ornaments without grace; cheap and gaudy; as, a tawdry dress; tawdry feathers; tawdry colors.
Tawdries	of Tawdry
Tawdry	A necklace of a rural fashion, bought at St. Audrey's fair; hence, a necklace in general.
Tawer	One who taws; a dresser of white leather.
Tawery	A place where skins are tawed.
Tawniness	The quality or state of being tawny.
Tawny	Of a dull yellowish brown color, like things tanned, or persons who are sunburnt; as, tawny Moor or Spaniard; the tawny lion.
Taws	A leather lash, or other instrument of punishment, used by a schoolmaster.
Tax	A charge, especially a pecuniary burden which is imposed by authority.
Tax	A charge or burden laid upon persons or property for the support of a government.
Tax	Especially, the sum laid upon specific things, as upon polls, lands, houses, income, etc.; as, a land tax; a window tax; a tax on carriages, and the like.
Tax	A sum imposed or levied upon the members of a society to defray its expenses.
Tax	A task exacted from one who is under control; a contribution or service, the rendering of which is imposed upon a subject.
Tax	A disagreeable or burdensome duty or charge; as, a heavy tax on time or health.
Tax	Charge; censure.
Tax	A lesson to be learned; a task.
Taxed	of Tax
Taxing	of Tax
Tax	To subject to the payment of a tax or taxes; to impose a tax upon; to lay a burden upon; especially, to exact money from for the support of government.
Tax	To assess, fix, or determine judicially, the amount of; as, to tax the cost of an action in court.
Tax	To charge; to accuse; also, to censure; -- often followed by with, rarely by of before an indirect object; as, to tax a man with pride.
Taxability	The quality or state of being taxable; taxableness.
Taxable	Capable of being taxed; liable by law to the assessment of taxes; as, taxable estate; taxable commodities.
Taxable	That may be legally charged by a court against the plaintiff of defendant in a suit; as, taxable costs.
Taxaspidean	Having the posterior tarsal scales, or scutella, rectangular and arranged in regular rows; -- said of certain birds.
Taxation	The act of laying a tax, or of imposing taxes, as on the subjects of a state, by government, or on the members of a corporation or company, by the proper authority; the raising of revenue; also, a system of raising revenue.
Taxation	The act of taxing, or assessing a bill of cost.
Taxation	Tax; sum imposed.
Taxation	Charge; accusation.
Taxel	The American badger.
Taxeopoda	An order of extinct Mammalia found in the Tertiary formations.
Taxer	One who taxes.
Taxer	One of two officers chosen yearly to regulate the assize of bread, and to see the true gauge of weights and measures is observed.
Taxgatherer	One who collects taxes or revenues.
Taxiarch	An Athenian military officer commanding a certain division of an army.
Taxicorn	One of a family of beetles (Taxicornes) whose antennae are largest at the tip. Also used adjectively.
Taxidermic	Of or pertaining to the art of preparing and preserving the skins of animals.
Taxidermist	A person skilled in taxidermy.
Taxidermy	The art of preparing, preserving, and mounting the skins of animals so as to represent their natural appearance, as for cabinets.
Taxine	A poisonous alkaloid of bitter taste extracted from the leaves and seeds of the European yew (Taxus baccata). Called also taxia.
Taxis	Manipulation applied to a hernial tumor, or to an intestinal obstruction, for the purpose of reducing it.
Taxless	Free from taxation.
Taxology	Same as Taxonomy.
Taxonomic	Pertaining to, or involving, taxonomy, or the laws and principles of classification; classificatory.
Taxonomist	One skilled in taxonomy.
Taxonomy	That division of the natural sciences which treats of the classification of animals and plants; the laws or principles of classification.
Taxor	Same as Taxer, n., 2.
Taxpayer	One who is assessed and pays a tax.
Tayra	A South American carnivore (Galera barbara) allied to the grison. The tail is long and thick. The length, including the tail, is about three feet.
Tazel	The teasel.
Tazza	An ornamental cup or vase with a large, flat, shallow bowl, resting on a pedestal and often having handles.
Tchawytcha	The quinnat salmon.
T cart	See under T.
Tea	The prepared leaves of a shrub, or small tree (Thea, / Camellia, Chinensis). The shrub is a native of China, but has been introduced to some extent into some other countries.
Tea	A decoction or infusion of tea leaves in boiling water; as, tea is a common beverage.
Tea	Any infusion or decoction, especially when made of the dried leaves of plants; as, sage tea; chamomile tea; catnip tea.
Tea	The evening meal, at which tea is usually served; supper.
Tea	To take or drink tea.
Teaberry	The checkerberry.
Taught	of Teach
Teaching	of Teach
Teach	To impart the knowledge of; to give intelligence concerning; to impart, as knowledge before unknown, or rules for practice; to inculcate as true or important; to exhibit impressively; as, to teach arithmetic, dancing, music, or the like; to teach morals.
Teach	To direct, as an instructor; to manage, as a preceptor; to guide the studies of; to instruct; to inform; to conduct through a course of studies; as, to teach a child or a class.
Teach	To accustom; to guide; to show; to admonish.
Teach	To give instruction; to follow the business, or to perform the duties, of a preceptor.
Teachable	Capable of being taught; apt to learn; also, willing to receive instruction; docile.
Teachableness	Willingness to be taught.
Teache	One of the series of boilers in which the cane juice is treated in making sugar; especially, the last boiler of the series.
Teacher	One who teaches or instructs; one whose business or occupation is to instruct others; an instructor; a tutor.
Teacher	One who instructs others in religion; a preacher; a minister of the gospel; sometimes, one who preaches without regular ordination.
Teaching	The act or business of instructing; also, that which is taught; instruction.
Teachless	Not teachable.
Teacup	A small cup from which to drink tea.
Teacupfuls	of Teacupful
Teacupful	As much as a teacup can hold; enough to fill a teacup.
Tead	Alt. of Teade
Teade	A torch.
Teagle	A hoisting apparatus; an elevator; a crane; a lift.
Teague	An Irishman; -- a term used in contempt.
Teak	A tree of East Indies (Tectona grandis) which furnishes an extremely strong and durable timber highly valued for shipbuilding and other purposes; also, the timber of the tree.
Teakettle	A kettle in which water is boiled for making tea, coffee, etc.
Teal	Any one of several species of small fresh-water ducks of the genus Anas and the subgenera Querquedula and Nettion. The male is handsomely colored, and has a bright green or blue speculum on the wings.
Team	A group of young animals, especially of young ducks; a brood; a litter.
Team	Hence, a number of animals moving together.
Team	Two or more horses, oxen, or other beasts harnessed to the same vehicle for drawing, as to a coach, wagon, sled, or the like.
Team	A number of persons associated together in any work; a gang; especially, a number of persons selected to contend on one side in a match, or a series of matches, in a cricket, football, rowing, etc.
Team	A flock of wild ducks.
Team	A royalty or privilege granted by royal charter to a lord of a manor, of having, keeping, and judging in his court, his bondmen, neifes, and villains, and their offspring, or suit, that is, goods and chattels, and appurtenances thereto.
Team	To engage in the occupation of driving a team of horses, cattle, or the like, as in conveying or hauling lumber, goods, etc.; to be a teamster.
Team	To convey or haul with a team; as, to team lumber.
Teamed	Yoked in, or as in, a team.
Teaming	The act or occupation of driving a team, or of hauling or carrying, as logs, goods, or the like, with a team.
Teaming	Contract work.
Teamster	One who drives a team.
Teamwork	Work done by a team, as distinguished from that done by personal labor.
Teapot	A vessel with a spout, in which tea is made, and from which it is poured into teacups.
Teapoy	An ornamental stand, usually with three legs, having caddies for holding tea.
Tear	A drop of the limpid, saline fluid secreted, normally in small amount, by the lachrymal gland, and diffused between the eye and the eyelids to moisten the parts and facilitate their motion. Ordinarily the secretion passes through the lachrymal duct into the nose, but when it is increased by emotion or other causes, it overflows the lids.
Tear	Something in the form of a transparent drop of fluid matter; also, a solid, transparent, tear-shaped drop, as of some balsams or resins.
Tear	That which causes or accompanies tears; a lament; a dirge.
Tore	of Tear
Tare	of Tear
Torn	of Tear
Tearing	of Tear
Tear	To separate by violence; to pull apart by force; to rend; to lacerate; as, to tear cloth; to tear a garment; to tear the skin or flesh.
Tear	Hence, to divide by violent measures; to disrupt; to rend; as, a party or government torn by factions.
Tear	To rend away; to force away; to remove by force; to sunder; as, a child torn from its home.
Tear	To pull with violence; as, to tear the hair.
Tear	To move violently; to agitate.
Tear	To divide or separate on being pulled; to be rent; as, this cloth tears easily.
Tear	To move and act with turbulent violence; to rush with violence; hence, to rage; to rave.
Tear	The act of tearing, or the state of being torn; a rent; a fissure.
Tearer	One who tears or rends anything; also, one who rages or raves with violence.
Tear-falling	Shedding tears; tender.
Tearful	Abounding with tears; weeping; shedding tears; as, tearful eyes.
Tearless	Shedding no tears; free from tears; unfeeling.
Tearpit	A cavity or pouch beneath the lower eyelid of most deer and antelope; the lachrymal sinus; larmier. It is capable of being opened at pleasure and secretes a waxy substance.
Tear-thumb	A name given to several species of plants of the genus Polygonum, having angular stems beset with minute reflexed prickles.
Teary	Wet with tears; tearful.
Teary	Consisting of tears, or drops like tears.
Tea-saucer	A small saucer in which a teacup is set.
Teased	of Tease
Teasing	of Tease
Tease	To comb or card, as wool or flax.
Tease	To stratch, as cloth, for the purpose of raising a nap; teasel.
Tease	To tear or separate into minute shreds, as with needles or similar instruments.
Tease	To vex with importunity or impertinence; to harass, annoy, disturb, or irritate by petty requests, or by jests and raillery; to plague.
Tease	One who teases or plagues.
Teasel	A plant of the genus Dipsacus, of which one species (D. fullonum) bears a large flower head covered with stiff, prickly, hooked bracts. This flower head, when dried, is used for raising a nap on woolen cloth.
Teasel	A bur of this plant.
Teasel	Any contrivance intended as a substitute for teasels in dressing cloth.
Teaseled	of Teasel
Teaselled	of Teasel
Teaseling	of Teasel
Teaselling	of Teasel
Teasel	To subject, as woolen cloth, to the action of teasels, or any substitute for them which has an effect to raise a nap.
Teaseler	One who uses teasels for raising a nap on cloth.
Teaseling	The cutting and gathering of teasels; the use of teasels.
Teaser	One who teases or vexes.
Teaser	A jager gull.
Teasle	See Teasel.
Teaspoon	A small spoon used in stirring and sipping tea, coffee, etc., and for other purposes.
Teaspoonfuls	of Teaspoonful
Teaspoonful	As much as teaspoon will hold; enough to fill a teaspoon; -- usually reckoned at a fluid dram or one quarter of a tablespoonful.
Teat	The protuberance through which milk is drawn from the udder or breast of a mammal; a nipple; a pap; a mammilla; a dug; a tit.
Teat	A small protuberance or nozzle resembling the teat of an animal.
Teated	Having protuberances resembling the teat of an animal.
Teathe	See Tath.
Teatish	Peevish; tettish; fretful; -- said of a child. See Tettish.
Teaze-hole	The opening in the furnaces through which fuel is introduced.
Teazel	See Teasel.
Teazer	The stoker or fireman of a furnace, as in glass works.
Teazle	See Teasel.
Tebeth	The tenth month of the Jewish ecclesiastical year, answering to a part of December with a part of January.
Techily	In a techy manner.
Techiness	The quality or state of being techy.
Technic	Technical.
Technic	The method of performance in any art; technical skill; artistic execution; technique.
Technic	Technical terms or objects; things pertaining to the practice of an art or science.
Technical	Of or pertaining to the useful or mechanic arts, or to any science, business, or the like; specially appropriate to any art, science, or business; as, the words of an indictment must be technical.
Technicalities	of Technicality
Technicality	The quality or state of being technical; technicalness.
Technicality	That which is technical, or peculiar to any trade, profession, sect, or the like.
Technically	In a technical manner; according to the signification of terms as used in any art, business, or profession.
Technicalness	The quality or state of being technical; technicality.
Technicals	Those things which pertain to the practical part of an art, science, or profession; technical terms; technics.
Technicist	One skilled in technics or in one or more of the practical arts.
Technicological	Technological; technical.
Technicology	Technology.
Technics	The doctrine of arts in general; such branches of learning as respect the arts.
Technique	Same as Technic, n.
Technism	Technicality.
Technologic	Technological.
Technological	Of or pertaining to technology.
Technologist	One skilled in technology; one who treats of arts, or of the terms of arts.
Technology	Industrial science; the science of systematic knowledge of the industrial arts, especially of the more important manufactures, as spinning, weaving, metallurgy, etc.
Techy	Peevish; fretful; irritable.
Tectibranch	One of the Tectibranchiata. Also used adjectively.
Tectibranchia	Same as Tectibranchiata.
Tectibranchiata	An order, or suborder, of gastropod Mollusca in which the gills are usually situated on one side of the back, and protected by a fold of the mantle.  When there is a shell, it is usually thin and delicate and often rudimentary. The aplysias and the bubble shells are examples.
Tectibranchiate	Having the gills covered by the mantle; of or pertaining to the Tectibranchiata.
Tectibranchiate	A tectibranchiate mollusk.
Tectly	Covertly; privately; secretly.
Tectology	A division of morphology created by Haeckel; the science of organic individuality constituting the purely structural portion of morphology, in which the organism is regarded as composed of organic individuals of different orders, each organ being considered an individual. See Promorphology, and Morphon.
Tectonic	Of or pertaining to building or construction; architectural.
Tectonics	The science, or the art, by which implements, vessels, dwellings, or other edifices, are constructed, both agreeably to the end for which they are designed, and in conformity with artistic sentiments and ideas.
Tectorial	Of or pertaining to covering; -- applied to a membrane immediately over the organ of Corti in the internal ear.
Tectrices	The wing coverts of a bird. See Covert, and Illust. of Bird.
Tecum	See Tucum.
Tedded	of Ted
Tedding	of Ted
Ted	To spread, or turn from the swath, and scatter for drying, as new-mowed grass; -- chiefly used in the past participle.
Tedder	A machine for stirring and spreading hay, to expedite its drying.
Tedder	Same as Tether.
Teddered	of Tedder
Teddering	of Tedder
Tedder	Same as Tether.
Te Deum	An ancient and celebrated Christian hymn, of uncertain authorship, but often ascribed to St. Ambrose; -- so called from the first words "Te Deum laudamus." It forms part of the daily matins of the Roman Catholic breviary, and is sung on all occasions of thanksgiving. In its English form, commencing with words, "We praise thee, O God," it forms a part of the regular morning service of the Church of England and the Protestant Episcopal Church in America.
Te Deum	A religious service in which the singing of the hymn forms a principal part.
Tedge	The gate of a mold, through which the melted metal is poured; runner, geat.
Tediosity	Tediousness.
Tedious	Involving tedium; tiresome from continuance, prolixity, slowness, or the like; wearisome.
Tedium	Irksomeness; wearisomeness; tediousness.
Tee	The mark aimed at in curling and in quoits.
Tee	The nodule of earth  from which the ball is struck in golf.
Tee	A short piece of pipe having a lateral outlet, used to connect a line of pipe with a pipe at a right angle with the line; -- so called because it resembles the letter T in shape.
Tee iron	See T iron, under T.
Teek	See Teak.
Teel	Sesame.
Teelseed	The seed of sesame.
Teem	To pour; -- commonly followed by out; as, to teem out ale.
Teem	To pour, as steel, from a melting pot; to fill, as a mold, with molten metal.
Teem	To think fit.
Teemed	of Teem
Teeming	of Teem
Teem	To bring forth young, as an animal; to produce fruit, as a plant; to bear; to be pregnant; to conceive; to multiply.
Teem	To be full, or ready to bring forth; to be stocked to overflowing; to be prolific; to abound.
Teem	To produce; to bring forth.
Teemer	One who teems, or brings forth.
Teemful	Pregnant; prolific.
Teemful	Brimful.
Teeming	Prolific; productive.
Teemless	Not fruitful or prolific; barren; as, a teemless earth.
Teen	Grief; sorrow; affiction; pain.
Teen	To excite; to provoke; to vex; to affict; to injure.
Teen	To hedge or fence in; to inclose.
Teenage	The longer wood for making or mending fences.
Teend	To kindle; to burn.
Teenful	Full of teen; harmful; grievous; grieving; afflicted.
Teens	The years of one's age having the termination -teen, beginning with thirteen and ending with nineteen; as, a girl in her teens.
Teeny	Very small; tiny.
Teeny	Fretful; peevish; pettish; cross.
Teeong	The mino bird.
Teest	A tinsmith's stake, or small anvil.
Teetan	A pipit.
Teetee	Any one of several species of small, soft-furred South American monkeys belonging to Callithrix, Chrysothrix, and allied genera; as, the collared teetee (Callithrix torquatus), and the squirrel teetee (Chrysothrix sciurea). Called also pinche, titi, and saimiri. See Squirrel monkey, under Squirrel.
Teetee	A diving petrel of Australia (Halodroma wrinatrix).
Teetered	of Teeter
Teetering	of Teeter
Teeter	To move up and down on the ends of a balanced plank, or the like, as children do for sport; to seesaw; to titter; to titter-totter.
Teeter-tail	The spotted sandpiper. See the Note under Sandpiper.
Teeth	pl. of Tooth.
Teethed	of Teeth
Teething	of Teeth
Teeth	To breed, or grow, teeth.
Teething	The process of the first growth of teeth, or the phenomena attending their issue through the gums; dentition.
Teetotal	Entire; total.
Teetotaler	One pledged to entire abstinence from all intoxicating drinks.
Teetotalism	The principle or practice of entire abstinence, esp. from intoxicating drinks.
Teetotally	Entirely; totally.
Teetotum	A child's toy, somewhat resembling a top, and twirled by the fingers.
Teetuck	The rock pipit.
Teeuck	The lapwing.
Teewit	The pewit.
Teg	A sheep in its second year; also, a doe in its second year.
Tegmina	of Tegmen
Tegmen	A tegument or covering.
Tegmen	The inner layer of the coating of a seed, usually thin and delicate; the endopleura.
Tegmen	One of the elytra of an insect, especially of certain Orthoptera.
Tegmen	Same as Tectrices.
Tegmental	Of or pertaining to a tegument or tegmentum; as, the tegmental layer of the epiblast; the tegmental cells of the taste buds.
Tegmenta	of Tegmentum
Tegmentum	A covering; -- applied especially to the bundles of longitudinal fibers in the upper part of the crura of the cerebrum.
Teguexin	A large South American lizard (Tejus teguexin). It becomes three or four feet long, and is blackish above, marked with yellowish spots of various sizes. It feeds upon fruits, insects, reptiles, young birds, and birds' eggs. The closely allied species Tejus rufescens is called red teguexin.
Tegulae	of Tegula
Tegula	A small appendage situated above the base of the wings of Hymenoptera and attached to the mesonotum.
Tegular	Of or pertaining to a tile; resembling a tile, or arranged like tiles; consisting of tiles; as, a tegular pavement.
Tegulated	Composed of small plates, as of horn or metal, overlapping like tiles; -- said of a kind of ancient armor.
Tegument	A cover or covering; an integument.
Tegument	Especially, the covering of a living body, or of some part or organ of such a body; skin; hide.
Tegumentary	Of or pertaining to a tegument or teguments; consisting of teguments; serving as a tegument or covering.
Te-hee	A tittering laugh; a titter.
Te-hee	To titter; to laugh derisively.
Teil	The lime tree, or linden; -- called also teil tree.
Teind	A tithe.
Teine	See Teyne.
Teinland	Land granted by the crown to a thane or lord.
Teinoscope	An instrument formed by combining prisms so as to correct the chromatic aberration of the light while linear dimensions of objects seen through the prisms are increased or diminished; -- called also prism telescope.
Teint	Tint; color; tinge, See Tint.
Teinture	Color; tinge; tincture.
Tek	A Siberian ibex.
Telamones	Same as Atlantes.
Telangiectasis	Dilatation of the capillary vessels.
Telangiectasy	Telangiectasis.
Telarly	In a weblike manner.
Telary	Of or pertaining to a web; hence, spinning webs; retiary.
Teledu	An East Indian carnivore (Mydaus meliceps) allied to the badger, and noted for the very offensive odor that it emits, somewhat resembling that of a skunk. It is a native of the high mountains of Java and Sumatra, and has long, silky fur. Called also stinking badger, and stinkard.
Telegram	A message sent by telegraph; a telegraphic dispatch.
Telegrammic	Pertaining to, or resembling, a telegram; laconic; concise; brief.
Telegraph	An apparatus, or a process, for communicating intelligence rapidly between distant points, especially by means of preconcerted visible or audible signals representing words or ideas, or by means of words and signs, transmitted by electrical action.
Telegraphed	of Telegraph
Telegraphing	of Telegraph
Telegraph	To convey or announce by telegraph.
Telegrapher	One who sends telegraphic messages; a telegraphic operator; a telegraphist.
Telegraphic	Of or pertaining to the telegraph; made or communicated by a telegraph; as, telegraphic signals; telegraphic art; telegraphic intelligence.
Telegraphical	Telegraphic.
Telegraphist	One skilled in telegraphy; a telegrapher.
Telegraphy	The science or art of constructing, or of communicating by means of, telegraphs; as, submarine telegraphy.
Telemeter	An instrument used for measuring the distance of an object from an observer; as, a telescope with a micrometer for measuring the apparent diameter of an object whose real dimensions are known.
Teleocephial	An extensive order of bony fishes including most of the common market species, as bass, salmon, cod, perch, etc.
Teleological	Of or pertaining to teleology, or the doctrine of design.
Teleologist	One versed in teleology.
Teleology	The doctrine of the final causes of things
Teleology	the doctrine of design, which assumes that the phenomena of organic life, particularly those of evolution, are explicable only by purposive causes, and that they in no way admit of a mechanical explanation or one based entirely on biological science; the doctrine of adaptation to purpose.
Teleophore	Same as Gonotheca.
Teleorganic	Vital; as, teleorganic functions.
Teleosaur	Any one of several species of fossil suarians belonging to Teleosaurus and allied genera. These reptiles are related to the crocodiles, but have biconcave vertebrae.
Teleosaurus	A genus of extinct crocodilian reptiles of the Jurassic period, having a long and slender snout.
Teleost	One of the Teleosti. Also used adjectively.
Teleostean	Of or pertaining to the teleosts.
Teleostean	A teleostean fish.
Teleostei	A subclass of fishes including all the ordinary bony fishes as distinguished from the ganoids.
Teleostomi	An extensive division of fishes including the ordinary fishes (Teleostei) and the ganoids.
Teleozoic	Having tissued composed of cells.
Teleozoon	A metazoan.
Telepathy	The sympathetic affection of one mind by the thoughts, feelings, or emotions of another at a distance, without communication through the ordinary channels of sensation.
Telepheme	A message by a telephone.
Telephone	An instrument for reproducing sounds, especially articulate speech, at a distance.
Telephone	To convey or announce by telephone.
Telephonic	Conveying sound to a great distance.
Telephonic	Of or pertaining to the telephone; by the telephone.
Telephonically	By telephonic means or processes; by the use of the telephone.
Telephony	The art or process of reproducing sounds at a distance, as with the telephone.
Telepolariscope	A polariscope arranged to be attached to a telescope.
Telerythin	A red crystalline compound related to, or produced from, erythrin. So called because regarded as the end of the series of erythrin compounds.
Telescope	An optical instrument used in viewing distant objects, as the heavenly bodies.
Telescoped	of Telescope
Telescoping	of Telescope
Telescope	To slide or pass one within another, after the manner of the sections of a small telescope or spyglass; to come into collision, as railway cars, in such a manner that one runs into another.
Telescope	To cause to come into collision, so as to telescope.
Telescopic	Alt. of Telescopical
Telescopical	Of or pertaining to a telescope; performed by a telescope.
Telescopical	Seen or discoverable only by a telescope; as, telescopic stars.
Telescopical	Able to discern objects at a distance; farseeing; far-reaching; as, a telescopic eye; telescopic vision.
Telescopical	Having the power of extension by joints sliding one within another, like the tube of a small telescope or a spyglass; especially (Mach.), constructed of concentric tubes, either stationary, as in the telescopic boiler, or movable, as in the telescopic chimney of a war vessel, which may be put out of sight by being lowered endwise.
Telescopically	In a telescopical manner; by or with the telescope.
Telescopist	One who uses a telescope.
Telescopy	The art or practice of using or making telescopes.
Telesm	A kind of amulet or magical charm.
Telesmatic	Alt. of Telesmatical
Telesmatical	Of or pertaining to telesms; magical.
Telespectroscope	A spectroscope arranged to be attached to a telescope for observation of distant objects, as the sun or stars.
Telestereoscope	A stereoscope adapted to view distant natural objects or landscapes; a telescopic stereoscope.
Telestic	Tending or relating to a purpose or an end.
Telestich	A poem in which the final letters of the lines, taken consequently, make a name.  Cf. Acrostic.
Telethermometer	An apparatus for determining the temperature of a distant point, as by a thermoelectric circuit or otherwise.
Teleutospore	The thick-celled winter or resting spore of the rusts (order Uredinales), produced in late summer. See Illust. of Uredospore.
Telic	Denoting the final end or purpose, as distinguished from ecbatic. See Ecbatic.
Told	of Tell
Telling	of Tell
Tell	To mention one by one, or piece by piece; to recount; to enumerate; to reckon; to number; to count; as, to tell money.
Tell	To utter or recite in detail; to give an account of; to narrate.
Tell	To make known; to publish; to disclose; to divulge.
Tell	To give instruction to; to make report to; to acquaint; to teach; to inform.
Tell	To order; to request; to command.
Tell	To discern so as to report; to ascertain by observing; to find out; to discover; as, I can not tell where one color ends and the other begins.
Tell	To make account of; to regard; to reckon; to value; to estimate.
Tell	To give an account; to make report.
Tell	To take effect; to produce a marked effect; as, every shot tells; every expression tells.
Tell	That which is told; tale; account.
Tell	A hill or mound.
Tellable	Capable of being told.
Tellen	Any species of Tellina.
Teller	One who tells, relates, or communicates; an informer, narrator, or describer.
Teller	One of four officers of the English Exchequer, formerly appointed to receive moneys due to the king and to pay moneys payable by the king.
Teller	An officer of a bank who receives and counts over money paid in, and pays money out on checks.
Teller	One who is appointed to count the votes given in a legislative body, public meeting, assembly, etc.
Tellership	The office or employment of a teller.
Tellina	A genus of marine bivalve mollusks having thin, delicate, and often handsomely colored shells.
Telling	Operating with great effect; effective; as, a telling speech.
Telltale	Telling tales; babbling.
Telltale	One who officiously communicates information of the private concerns of others; one who tells that which prudence should suppress.
Telltale	A movable piece of ivory, lead, or other material, connected with the bellows of an organ, that gives notice, by its position, when the wind is exhausted.
Telltale	A mechanical attachment to the steering wheel, which, in the absence of a tiller, shows the position of the helm.
Telltale	A compass in the cabin of a vessel, usually placed where the captain can see it at all hours, and thus inform himself of the vessel's course.
Telltale	A machine or contrivance for indicating or recording something, particularly for keeping a check upon employees, as factory hands, watchmen, drivers, check takers, and the like, by revealing to their employers what they have done or omitted.
Telltale	The tattler. See Tattler.
Tellural	Of or pertaining to the earth.
Tellurate	A salt of telluric acid.
Telluret	A telluride.
Tellureted	Combined or impregnated with tellurium; tellurized.
Tellurhydric	Of, pertaining to, or designating, hydrogen telluride, which is regarded as an acid, especially when in solution.
Tellurian	Of or pertaining to the earth.
Tellurian	A dweller on the earth.
Tellurian	An instrument for showing the operation of the causes which produce the succession of day and night, and the changes of the seasons.
Telluric	Of or pertaining to the earth; proceeding from the earth.
Telluric	Of or pertaining to tellurium; derived from, or resembling, tellurium; specifically, designating those compounds in which the element has a higher valence as contrasted with tellurous compounds; as, telluric acid, which is analogous to sulphuric acid.
Telluride	A compound of tellurium with a more positive element or radical; -- formerly called telluret.
Tellurism	An hypothesis of animal magnetism propounded by Dr. Keiser, in Germany, in which the phenomena are ascribed to the agency of a telluric spirit or influence.
Tellurite	A salt of tellurous acid.
Tellurite	Oxide of tellurium. It occurs sparingly in tufts of white or yellowish crystals.
Tellurium	A rare nonmetallic element, analogous to sulphur and selenium, occasionally found native as a substance of a silver-white metallic luster, but usually combined with metals, as with gold and silver in the mineral sylvanite, with mercury in Coloradoite, etc. Symbol Te. Atomic weight 125.2.
Tellurize	To impregnate with, or to subject to the action of, tellurium; -- chiefly used adjectively in the past participle; as, tellurized ores.
Tellurous	Of or pertaining to tellurium; derived from, or containing, tellurium; specifically, designating those compounds in which the element has a lower valence as contrasted with telluric compounds; as, tellurous acid, which is analogous to sulphurous acid.
Telodynamic	Relating to a system for transmitting power to a distance by means of swiftly moving ropes or cables driving grooved pulleys of large diameter.
Teloogoo	See Telugu.
Telotrochae	of Telotrocha
Telotrocha	An annelid larva having telotrochal bands of cilia.
Telotrochal	Alt. of Telotrochous
Telotrochous	Having both a preoral and a posterior band of cilla; -- applied to the larvae of certain annelids.
Telotype	An electric telegraph which prints the messages in letters and not in signs.
Telpher	A contrivance for the conveyance of vehicles or loads by means of electricity.
Telpherage	The conveyance of vehicles or loads by means of electricity.
Telsons	of Telson
Telson	The terminal joint or movable piece at the end of the abdomen of Crustacea and other articulates. See Thoracostraca.
Telugu	A Darvidian language spoken in the northern parts of the Madras presidency. In extent of use it is the next language after Hindustani (in its various forms) and Bengali.
Telugu	One of the people speaking the Telugu language.
Telugu	Of or pertaining to the Telugu language, or the Telugus.
Temerarious	Unreasonably adventurous; despising danger; rash; headstrong; audacious; reckless; heedless.
Temeration	Temerity.
Temerity	Unreasonable contempt of danger; extreme venturesomeness; rashness; as, the temerity of a commander in war.
Temerous	Temerarious.
Tempean	Of or pertaining to Temple, a valley in Thessaly, celebrated by Greek poets on account of its beautiful scenery; resembling Temple; hence, beautiful; delightful; charming.
Tempered	of Temper
Tempering	of Temper
Temper	To mingle in due proportion; to prepare by combining; to modify, as by adding some new element; to qualify, as by an ingredient; hence, to soften; to mollify; to assuage; to soothe; to calm.
Temper	To fit together; to adjust; to accomodate.
Temper	To bring to a proper degree of hardness; as, to temper iron or steel.
Temper	To govern; to manage.
Temper	To moisten to a proper consistency and stir thoroughly, as clay for making brick, loam for molding, etc.
Temper	To adjust, as the mathematical scale to the actual scale, or to that in actual use.
Temper	The state of any compound substance which results from the mixture of various ingredients; due mixture of different qualities; just combination; as, the temper of mortar.
Temper	Constitution of body; temperament; in old writers, the mixture or relative proportion of the four humors, blood, choler, phlegm, and melancholy.
Temper	Disposition of mind; the constitution of the mind, particularly with regard to the passions and affections; as, a calm temper; a hasty temper; a fretful temper.
Temper	Calmness of mind; moderation; equanimity; composure; as, to keep one's temper.
Temper	Heat of mind or passion; irritation; proneness to anger; -- in a reproachful sense.
Temper	The state of a metal or other substance, especially as to its hardness, produced by some process of heating or cooling; as, the temper of iron or steel.
Temper	Middle state or course; mean; medium.
Temper	Milk of lime, or other substance, employed in the process formerly used to clarify sugar.
Temper	To accord; to agree; to act and think in conformity.
Temper	To have or get a proper or desired state or quality; to grow soft and pliable.
Tempera	A mode or process of painting; distemper.
Temperable	Capable of being tempered.
Temperament	Internal constitution; state with respect to the relative proportion of different qualities, or constituent parts.
Temperament	Due mixture of qualities; a condition brought about by mutual compromises or concessions.
Temperament	The act of tempering or modifying; adjustment, as of clashing rules, interests, passions, or the like; also, the means by which such adjustment is effected.
Temperament	Condition with regard to heat or cold; temperature.
Temperament	A system of compromises in the tuning of organs, pianofortes, and the like, whereby the tones generated with the vibrations of a ground tone are mutually modified and in part canceled, until their number reduced to the actual practicable scale of twelve tones to the octave. This scale, although in so far artificial, is yet closely suggestive of its origin in nature, and this system of tuning, although not mathematically true, yet satisfies the ear, while it has the convenience that the same twelve fixed tones answer for every key or scale, C/ becoming identical with D/, and so on.
Temperament	The peculiar physical and mental character of an individual, in olden times erroneously supposed to be due to individual variation in the relations and proportions of the constituent parts of the body, especially of the fluids, as the bile, blood, lymph, etc. Hence the phrases, bilious or choleric temperament, sanguine temperament, etc., implying a predominance of one of these fluids and a corresponding influence on the temperament.
Temperamental	Of or pertaining to temperament; constitutional.
Temperance	Habitual moderation in regard to the indulgence of the natural appetites and passions; restrained or moderate indulgence; moderation; as, temperance in eating and drinking; temperance in the indulgence of joy or mirth; specifically, moderation, and sometimes abstinence, in respect to using intoxicating liquors.
Temperance	Moderation of passion; patience; calmness; sedateness.
Temperance	State with regard to heat or cold; temperature.
Temperancy	Temperance.
Temperate	Moderate; not excessive; as, temperate heat; a temperate climate.
Temperate	Not marked with passion; not violent; cool; calm; as, temperate language.
Temperate	Moderate in the indulgence of the natural appetites or passions; as, temperate in eating and drinking.
Temperate	Proceeding from temperance.
Temperate	To render temperate; to moderate; to soften; to temper.
Temperately	In a temperate manner.
Temperateness	The quality or state of being temperate; moderateness; temperance.
Temperative	Having power to temper.
Temperature	Constitution; state; degree of any quality.
Temperature	Freedom from passion; moderation.
Temperature	Condition with respect to heat or cold, especially as indicated by the sensation produced, or by the thermometer or pyrometer; degree of heat or cold; as, the temperature of the air; high temperature; low temperature; temperature of freezing or of boiling.
Temperature	Mixture; compound.
Tempered	Brought to a proper temper; as, tempered steel; having (such) a temper; -- chiefly used in composition; as, a good-tempered or bad-tempered man; a well-tempered sword.
Temperer	One who, or that which, tempers; specifically, a machine in which lime, cement, stone, etc., are mixed with water.
Tempering	The process of giving the requisite degree of hardness or softness to a substance, as iron and steel; especially, the process of giving to steel the degree of hardness required for various purposes, consisting usually in first plunging the article, when heated to redness, in cold water or other liquid, to give an excess of hardness, and then reheating it gradually until the hardness is reduced or drawn down to the degree required, as indicated by the color produced on a polished portion, or by the burning of oil.
Tempest	An extensive current of wind, rushing with great velocity and violence, and commonly attended with rain, hail, or snow; a furious storm.
Tempest	Fig.: Any violent tumult or commotion; as, a political tempest; a tempest of war, or of the passions.
Tempest	A fashionable assembly; a drum. See the Note under Drum, n., 4.
Tempest	To disturb as by a tempest.
Tempest	To storm.
Tempestive	Seasonable; timely; as, tempestive showers.
Tempestivily	The quality, or state, of being tempestive; seasonableness.
Tempestuous	Of or pertaining to a tempest; involving or resembling a tempest; turbulent; violent; stormy; as, tempestuous weather; a tempestuous night; a tempestuous debate.
Templar	One of a religious and military order first established at Jerusalem, in the early part of the 12th century, for the protection of pilgrims and of the Holy Sepulcher. These Knights Templars, or Knights of the Temple, were so named because they occupied an apartment of the palace of Bladwin II. in Jerusalem, near the Temple.
Templar	A student of law, so called from having apartments in the Temple at London, the original buildings having belonged to the Knights Templars. See Inner Temple, and Middle Temple, under Temple.
Templar	One belonged to a certain order or degree among the Freemasons, called Knights Templars. Also, one of an order among temperance men, styled Good Templars.
Templar	Of or pertaining to a temple.
Template	Same as Templet.
Temple	A contrivence used in a loom for keeping the web stretched transversely.
Temple	The space, on either side of the head, back of the eye and forehead, above the zygomatic arch and in front of the ear.
Temple	One of the side bars of a pair of spectacles, jointed to the bows, and passing one on either side of the head to hold the spectacles in place.
Temple	A place or edifice dedicated to the worship of some deity; as, the temple of Jupiter at Athens, or of Juggernaut in India.
Temple	The edifice erected at Jerusalem for the worship of Jehovah.
Temple	Hence, among Christians, an edifice erected as a place of public worship; a church.
Temple	Fig.: Any place in which the divine presence specially resides.
Temple	To build a temple for; to appropriate a temple to; as, to temple a god.
Templed	Supplied with a temple or temples, or with churches; inclosed in a temple.
Templet	A gauge, pattern, or mold, commonly a thin plate or board, used as a guide to the form of the work to be executed; as, a mason's or a wheelwright's templet.
Templet	A short piece of timber, iron, or stone, placed in a wall under a girder or other beam, to distribute the weight or pressure.
Tempo	The rate or degree of movement in time.
Temporal	Of or pertaining to the temple or temples; as, the temporal bone; a temporal artery.
Temporal	Of or pertaining to time, that is, to the present life, or this world; secular, as distinguished from sacred or eternal.
Temporal	Civil or political, as distinguished from ecclesiastical; as, temporal power; temporal courts.
Temporal	Anything temporal or secular; a temporality; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Temporalities	of Temporality
Temporality	The state or quality of being temporary; -- opposed to perpetuity.
Temporality	The laity; temporality.
Temporality	That which pertains to temporal welfare; material interests; especially, the revenue of an ecclesiastic proceeding from lands, tenements, or lay fees, tithes, and the like; -- chiefly used in the plural.
Temporally	In a temporal manner; secularly.
Temporalness	Worldliness.
Temporalty	The laity; secular people.
Temporalty	A secular possession; a temporality.
Temporaneous	Temporarity.
Temporarily	In a temporary manner; for a time.
Temporariness	The quality or state of being temporary; -- opposed to perpetuity.
Temporary	Lasting for a time only; existing or continuing for a limited time; not permanent; as, the patient has obtained temporary relief.
Temporist	A temporizer.
Temporization	The act of temporizing.
Temporized	of Temporize
Temporizing	of Temporize
Temporize	To comply with the time or occasion; to humor, or yield to, the current of opinion or circumstances; also, to trim, as between two parties.
Temporize	To delay; to procrastinate.
Temporize	To comply; to agree.
Temporizer	One who temporizes; one who yields to the time, or complies with the prevailing opinions, fashions, or occasions; a trimmer.
Temporizingly	In a temporizing or yielding manner.
Temporo-	A combining form used in anatomy to indicate connection with, or relation to, the temple, or temporal bone; as, temporofacial.
Temporo-auricular	Of or pertaining to both the temple and the ear; as, the temporo-auricular nerve.
Temporofacial	Of or pertaining to both the temple and the face.
Temporomalar	Of or pertaining to both the temple and the region of the malar bone; as, the temporomalar nerve.
Temporomaxillary	Of or pertaining to both the temple or the temporal bone and the maxilla.
Temps	Time.
Tempse	See Temse.
Tempted	of Tempt
Tempting	of Tempt
Tempt	To put to trial; to prove; to test; to try.
Tempt	To lead, or endeavor to lead, into evil; to entice to what is wrong; to seduce.
Tempt	To endeavor to persuade; to induce; to invite; to incite; to provoke; to instigate.
Tempt	To endeavor to accomplish or reach; to attempt.
Temptability	The quality or state of being temptable; lability to temptation.
Temptable	Capable of being tempted; liable to be tempted.
Temptation	The act of tempting, or enticing to evil; seduction.
Temptation	The state of being tempted, or enticed to evil.
Temptation	That which tempts; an inducement; an allurement, especially to something evil.
Temptationless	Having no temptation or motive; as, a temptationless sin.
Temptatious	Tempting.
Tempter	One who tempts or entices; especially, Satan, or the Devil, regarded as the great enticer to evil.
Tempting	Adapted to entice or allure; attractive; alluring; seductive; enticing; as, tempting pleasures.
Temptress	A woman who entices.
Temse	A sieve.
Temulence	Alt. of Temulency
Temulency	Intoxication; inebriation; drunkenness.
Temulent	Intoxicated; drunken.
Temulentive	Somewhat temulent; addicted to drink.
Ten	One more than nine; twice five.
Ten	The number greater by one than nine; the sum of five and five; ten units of objects.
Ten	A symbol representing ten units, as 10, x, or X.
Tenability	The quality or state of being tenable; tenableness.
Tenable	Capable of being held, naintained, or defended, as against an assailant or objector, or againts attempts to take or process; as, a tenable fortress, a tenable argument.
Tenableness	Same as Tenability.
Tenace	The holding by the fourth hand of the best and third best cards of a suit led; also, sometimes, the combination of best with third best card of a suit in any hand.
Tenacious	Holding fast, or inclined to hold fast; inclined to retain what is in possession; as, men tenacious of their just rights.
Tenacious	Apt to retain; retentive; as, a tenacious memory.
Tenacious	Having parts apt to adhere to each other; cohesive; tough; as, steel is a tenacious metal; tar is more tenacious than oil.
Tenacious	Apt to adhere to another substance; glutinous; viscous; sticking; adhesive.
Tenacious	Niggardly; closefisted; miserly.
Tenacious	Holding stoutly to one's opinion or purpose; obstinate; stubborn.
Tenacity	The quality or state of being tenacious; as, tenacity, or retentiveness, of memory; tenacity, or persistency, of purpose.
Tenacity	That quality of bodies which keeps them from parting without considerable force; cohesiveness; the effect of attraction; -- as distinguished from brittleness, fragility, mobility, etc.
Tenacity	That quality of bodies which makes them adhere to other bodies; adhesiveness; viscosity.
Tenacity	The greatest longitudinal stress a substance can bear without tearing asunder, -- usually expressed with reference to a unit area of the cross section of the substance, as the number of pounds per square inch, or kilograms per square centimeter, necessary to produce rupture.
Tenacula	of Tenaculum
Tenaculums	of Tenaculum
Tenaculum	An instrument consisting of a fine, sharp hook attached to a handle, and used mainly for taking up arteries, and the like.
Tenacy	Tenaciousness; obstinacy.
Tenaille	An outwork in the main ditch, in front of the curtain, between two bastions. See Illust. of Ravelin.
Tenaillon	A work constructed on each side of the ravelins, to increase their strength, procure additional ground beyond the ditch, or cover the shoulders of the bastions.
Tenacies	of Tenancy
Tenancy	A holding, or a mode of holding, an estate; tenure; the temporary possession of what belongs to another.
Tenancy	A house for habitation, or place to live in, held of another.
Tenant	One who holds or possesses lands, or other real estate, by any kind of right, whether in fee simple, in common, in severalty, for life, for years, or at will; also, one who has the occupation or temporary possession of lands or tenements the title of which is in another; -- correlative to landlord. See Citation from Blackstone, under Tenement, 2.
Tenant	One who has possession of any place; a dweller; an occupant.
Tenanted	of Tenant
Tenanting	of Tenant
Tenant	To hold, occupy, or possess as a tenant.
Tenantable	Fit to be rented; in a condition suitable for a tenant.
Tenantless	Having no tenants; unoccupied; as, a tenantless mansion.
Tenantry	The body of tenants; as, the tenantry of a manor or a kingdom.
Tenantry	Tenancy.
Tenant saw	See Tenon saw, under Tenon.
Tench	A European fresh-water fish (Tinca tinca, or T. vulgaris) allied to the carp. It is noted for its tenacity of life.
Tend	To make a tender of; to offer or tender.
Tended	of Tend
Tending	of Tend
Tend	To accompany as an assistant or protector; to care for the wants of; to look after; to watch; to guard; as, shepherds tend their flocks.
Tend	To be attentive to; to note carefully; to attend to.
Tend	To wait, as attendants or servants; to serve; to attend; -- with on or upon.
Tend	To await; to expect.
Tend	To move in a certain direction; -- usually with to or towards.
Tend	To be directed, as to any end, object, or purpose; to aim; to have or give a leaning; to exert activity or influence; to serve as a means; to contribute; as, our petitions, if granted, might tend to our destruction.
Tendance	The act of attending or waiting; attendance.
Tendance	Persons in attendance; attendants.
Tendence	Tendency.
Tendencies	of Tendency
Tendency	Direction or course toward any place, object, effect, or result; drift; causal or efficient influence to bring about an effect or result.
Tender	One who tends; one who takes care of any person or thing; a nurse.
Tender	A vessel employed to attend other vessels, to supply them with provisions and other stores, to convey intelligence, or the like.
Tender	A car attached to a locomotive, for carrying a supply of fuel and water.
Tendered	of Tender
Tendering	of Tender
Tender	To offer in payment or satisfaction of a demand, in order to save a penalty or forfeiture; as, to tender the amount of rent or debt.
Tender	To offer in words; to present for acceptance.
Tender	An offer, either of money to pay a debt, or of service to be performed, in order to save a penalty or forfeiture, which would be incurred by nonpayment or nonperformance; as, the tender of rent due, or of the amount of a note, with interest.
Tender	Any offer or proposal made for acceptance; as, a tender of a loan, of service, or of friendship; a tender of a bid for a contract.
Tender	The thing offered; especially, money offered in payment of an obligation.
Tender	Easily impressed, broken, bruised, or injured; not firm or hard; delicate; as, tender plants; tender flesh; tender fruit.
Tender	Sensible to impression and pain; easily pained.
Tender	Physically weak; not hardly or able to endure hardship; immature; effeminate.
Tender	Susceptible of the softer passions, as love, compassion, kindness; compassionate; pitiful; anxious for another's good; easily excited to pity, forgiveness, or favor; sympathetic.
Tender	Exciting kind concern; dear; precious.
Tender	Careful to save inviolate, or not to injure; -- with of.
Tender	Unwilling to cause pain; gentle; mild.
Tender	Adapted to excite feeling or sympathy; expressive of the softer passions; pathetic; as, tender expressions; tender expostulations; a tender strain.
Tender	Apt to give pain; causing grief or pain; delicate; as, a tender subject.
Tender	Heeling over too easily when under sail; -- said of a vessel.
Tender	Regard; care; kind concern.
Tender	To have a care of; to be tender toward; hence, to regard; to esteem; to value.
Tenderfoot	A delicate person; one not inured to the hardship and rudeness of pioneer life.
Tender-hearted	Having great sensibility; susceptible of impressions or influence; affectionate; pitying; sensitive.
Tender-hefted	Having great tenderness; easily moved.
Tenderling	One made tender by too much kindness; a fondling.
Tenderling	One of the first antlers of a deer.
Tenderloin	A strip of tender flesh on either side of the vertebral column under the short ribs, in the hind quarter of beef and pork. It consists of the psoas muscles.
Tenderly	In a tender manner; with tenderness; mildly; gently; softly; in a manner not to injure or give pain; with pity or affection; kindly.
Tenderness	The quality or state of being tender (in any sense of the adjective).
Tendinous	Pertaining to a tendon; of the nature of tendon.
Tendinous	Full of tendons; sinewy; as, nervous and tendinous parts of the body.
Tendment	Attendance; care.
Tendon	A tough insensible cord, bundle, or band of fibrous connective tissue uniting a muscle with some other part; a sinew.
Tendonous	Tendinous.
Tendosynovitis	See Tenosynovitis.
Tendrac	Any one of several species of small insectivores of the family Centetidae, belonging to Ericulus, Echinope, and related genera, native of Madagascar. They are more or less spinose and resemble the hedgehog in habits. The rice tendrac (Oryzorictes hora) is very injurious to rice crops. Some of the species are called also tenrec.
Tendril	A slender, leafless portion of a plant by which it becomes attached to a supporting body, after which the tendril usually contracts by coiling spirally.
Tendril	Clasping; climbing as a tendril.
Tendriled	Alt. of Tendrilled
Tendrilled	Furnished with tendrils, or with such or so many, tendrils.
Tendron	A tendril.
Tendry	A tender; an offer.
Tene	See 1st and 2d Teen.
Tenebrae	The matins and lauds for the last three days of Holy Week, commemorating the sufferings and death of Christ, -- usually sung on the afternoon or evening of Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, instead of on the following days.
Tenebricose	Tenebrous; dark; gloomy.
Tenebrific	Rendering dark or gloomy; tenebrous; gloomy.
Tenebrificous	Tenebrific.
Tenebrious	Tenebrous.
Tenebrose	Characterized by darkness or gloom; tenebrous.
Tenebrosity	The quality or state of being tenebrous; tenebrousness.
Tenebrous	Dark; gloomy; dusky; tenebrious.
Tenement	That which is held of another by service; property which one holds of a lord or proprietor in consideration of some military or pecuniary service; fief; fee.
Tenement	Any species of permanent property that may be held, so as to create a tenancy, as lands, houses, rents, commons, an office, an advowson, a franchise, a right of common, a peerage, and the like; -- called also free / frank tenements.
Tenement	A dwelling house; a building for a habitation; also, an apartment, or suite of rooms, in a building, used by one family; often, a house erected to be rented.
Tenement	Fig.: Dwelling; abode; habitation.
Tenemental	Of or pertaining to a tenement; capable of being held by tenants.
Tenementary	Capable of being leased; held by tenants.
Tenent	A tenet.
Teneral	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a condition assumed by the imago of certain Neuroptera, after exclusion from the pupa. In this state the insect is soft, and has not fully attained its mature coloring.
Teneriffe	A white wine resembling Madeira in taste, but more tart, produced in Teneriffe, one of the Canary Islands; -- called also Vidonia.
Tenerity	Tenderness.
Tenesmic	Of or pertaining to tenesmus; characterized by tenesmus.
Tenesmus	An urgent and distressing sensation, as if a discharge from the intestines must take place, although none can be effected; -- always referred to the lower extremity of the rectum.
Tenet	Any opinion, principle, dogma, belief, or doctrine, which a person holds or maintains as true; as, the tenets of Plato or of Cicero.
Tenfold	In tens; consisting of ten in one; ten times repeated.
Tenia	See Taenia.
Tenioid	See Taenoid.
Tennantite	A blackish lead-gray mineral, closely related to tetrahedrite. It is essentially a sulphide of arsenic and copper.
Tenne	A tincture, rarely employed, which is considered as an orange color or bright brown. It is represented by diagonal lines from sinister to dexter, crossed by vertical lines.
Tennis	A play in which a ball is driven to and fro, or kept in motion by striking it with a racket or with the open hand.
Tennis	To drive backward and forward, as a ball in playing tennis.
Tennu	The tapir.
Ten-o'clock	A plant, the star-of-Bethlehem. See under Star.
Tenon	A projecting member left by cutting away the wood around it, and made to insert into a mortise, and in this way secure together the parts of a frame; especially, such a member when it passes entirely through the thickness of the piece in which the mortise is cut, and shows on the other side.  Cf. Tooth, Tusk.
Tenon	To cut or fit for insertion into a mortise, as the end of a piece of timber.
Tenonian	Discovered or described by M. Tenon, a French anatomist.
Tenor	A state of holding on in a continuous course; manner of continuity; constant mode; general tendency; course; career.
Tenor	That course of thought which holds on through a discourse; the general drift or course of thought; purport; intent; meaning; understanding.
Tenor	Stamp; character; nature.
Tenor	An exact copy of a writing, set forth in the words and figures of it. It differs from purport, which is only the substance or general import of the instrument.
Tenor	The higher of the two kinds of voices usually belonging to adult males; hence, the part in the harmony adapted to this voice; the second of the four parts in the scale of sounds, reckoning from the base, and originally the air, to which the other parts were auxillary.
Tenor	A person who sings the tenor, or the instrument that play it.
Tenosynovitis	Inflammation of the synovial sheath enveloping a tendon.
Tenotome	A slender knife for use in the operation of tenotomy.
Tenotomy	The division of a tendon, or the act of dividing a tendon.
Tenpenny	Valued or sold at ten pence; as, a tenpenny cake. See 2d Penny, n.
Tenpenny	Denoting a size of nails. See 1st Penny.
Tenpins	A game resembling ninepins, but played with ten pins. See Ninepins.
Ten-pounder	A large oceanic fish (Elops saurus) found in the tropical parts of all the oceans. It is used chiefly for bait.
Tenrec	A small insectivore (Centetes ecaudatus), native of Madagascar, but introduced also into the islands of Bourbon and Mauritius; -- called also tanrec. The name is applied to other allied genera. See Tendrac.
Tense	One of the forms which a verb takes by inflection or by adding auxiliary words, so as to indicate the time of the action or event signified; the modification which verbs undergo for the indication of time.
Tense	Stretched tightly; strained to stiffness; rigid; not lax; as, a tense fiber.
Tensibility	The quality or state of being tensible; tensility.
Tensible	Capable of being extended or drawn out; ductile; tensible.
Tensile	Of or pertaining to extension; as, tensile strength.
Tensile	Capable of extension; ductile; tensible.
Tensiled	Made tensile.
Tensility	The quality or state of being tensile, or capable of extension; tensibility; as, the tensility of the muscles.
Tension	The act of stretching or straining; the state of being stretched or strained to stiffness; the state of being bent strained; as, the tension of the muscles, tension of the larynx.
Tension	Fig.: Extreme strain of mind or excitement of feeling; intense effort.
Tension	The degree of stretching to which a wire, cord, piece of timber, or the like, is strained by drawing it in the direction of its length; strain.
Tension	The force by which a part is pulled when forming part of any system in equilibrium or in motion; as, the tension of a srting supporting a weight equals that weight.
Tension	A device for checking the delivery of the thread in a sewing machine, so as to give the stitch the required degree of tightness.
Tension	Expansive force; the force with which the particles of a body, as a gas, tend to recede from each other and occupy a larger space; elastic force; elasticity; as, the tension of vapor; the tension of air.
Tension	The quality in consequence of which an electric charge tends to discharge itself, as into the air by a spark, or to pass from a body of greater to one of less electrical potential. It varies as the quantity of electricity upon a given area.
Tensioned	Extended or drawn out; subjected to tension.
Tensity	The quality or state of being tense, or strained to stiffness; tension; tenseness.
Tensive	Giving the sensation of tension, stiffness, or contraction.
Tensor	A muscle that stretches a part, or renders it tense.
Tensor	The ratio of one vector to another in length, no regard being had to the direction of the two vectors; -- so called because considered as a stretching factor in changing one vector into another. See Versor.
Ten-strike	A knocking down of all ten pins at one delivery of the ball.
Ten-strike	Any quick, decisive stroke or act.
Tensure	Tension.
Tent	A kind of wine of a deep red color, chiefly from Galicia or Malaga in Spain; -- called also tent wine, and tinta.
Tent	Attention; regard, care.
Tent	Intention; design.
Tent	To attend to; to heed; hence, to guard; to hinder.
Tent	To probe or to search with a tent; to keep open with a tent; as, to tent a wound. Used also figuratively.
Tent	A roll of lint or linen, or a conical or cylindrical piece of sponge or other absorbent, used chiefly to dilate a natural canal, to keep open the orifice of a wound, or to absorb discharges.
Tent	A probe for searching a wound.
Tent	A pavilion or portable lodge consisting of skins, canvas, or some strong cloth, stretched and sustained by poles, -- used for sheltering persons from the weather, especially soldiers in camp.
Tent	The representation of a tent used as a bearing.
Tented	of Tent
Tenting	of Tent
Tent	To lodge as a tent; to tabernacle.
Tentacle	A more or less elongated process or organ, simple or branched, proceeding from the head or cephalic region of invertebrate animals, being either an organ of sense, prehension, or motion.
Tentacled	Having tentacles.
Tentacular	Of or pertaining to a tentacle or tentacles.
Tentaculata	A division of Ctenophora including those which have two long tentacles.
Tentaculate	Alt. of Tentaculated
Tentaculated	Having tentacles, or organs like tentacles; tentacled.
Tentaculifera	Same as Suctoria, 1.
Tentaculiferous	Producing or bearing tentacles.
Tentaculiform	Shaped like a tentacle.
Tentaculite	Any one of numerous species of small, conical fossil shells found in Paleozoic rocks. They are supposed to be pteropods.
Tentaculocyst	One of the auditory organs of certain medusae; -- called also auditory tentacle.
Tentacula	of Tentaculum
Tentaculum	A tentacle.
Tentaculum	One of the stiff hairs situated about the mouth, or on the face, of many animals, and supposed to be tactile organs; a tactile hair.
Tentage	A collection of tents; an encampment.
Tentation	Trial; temptation.
Tentation	A mode of adjusting or operating by repeated trials or experiments.
Tentative	Of or pertaining to a trial or trials; essaying; experimental.
Tentative	An essay; a trial; an experiment.
Tented	Covered with tents.
Tenter	One who takes care of, or tends, machines in a factory; a kind of assistant foreman.
Tenter	A kind of governor.
Tenter	A machine or frame for stretching cloth by means of hooks, called tenter-hooks, so that it may dry even and square.
Tentered	of Tenter
Tentering	of Tenter
Tenter	To admit extension.
Tenter	To hang or stretch on, or as on, tenters.
Tentfuls	of Tentful
Tentful	As much, or as many, as a tent will hold.
Tenth	Next in order after the ninth; coming after nine others.
Tenth	Constituting or being one of ten equal parts into which anything is divided.
Tenth	The next in order after the ninth; one coming after nine others.
Tenth	The quotient of a unit divided by ten; one of ten equal parts into which anything is divided.
Tenth	The tenth part of annual produce, income, increase, or the like; a tithe.
Tenth	The interval between any tone and the tone represented on the tenth degree of the staff above it, as between one of the scale and three of the octave above; the octave of the third.
Tenth	A temporary aid issuing out of personal property, and granted to the king by Parliament; formerly, the real tenth part of all the movables belonging to the subject.
Tenth	The tenth part of the annual profit of every living in the kingdom, formerly paid to the pope, but afterward transferred to the crown. It now forms a part of the fund called Queen Anne's Bounty.
Tenthly	In a tenth manner.
Tenthmeter	Alt. of Tenthmetre
Tenthmetre	A unit for the measurement of many small lengths, such that 1010 of these units make one meter; the ten millionth part of a millimeter.
Tenthredinides	A group of Hymneoptera comprising the sawflies.
Tentif	Attentive.
Tentifly	Attentively.
Tentiginous	Stiff; stretched; strained.
Tentiginous	Lustful, or pertaining to lust.
Tentmaker	One whose occupation it is to make tents.
Tentorium	A fold of the dura mater which separates the cerebellum from the cerebrum and often incloses a process or plate of the skull called the bony tentorium.
Tentory	The awning or covering of a tent.
Tentwort	A kind of small fern, the wall rue. See under Wall.
Tenuated	of Tenuate
Tenuating	of Tenuate
Tenuate	To make thin; to attenuate.
Tenuifolious	Having thin or narrow leaves.
Tenuious	Rare or subtile; tenuous; -- opposed to dense.
Tenuirosters	of Tenuiroster
Tenuiroster	One of the Tenuirostres.
Tenuirostral	Thin-billed; -- applied to birds with a slender bill, as the humming birds.
Tenuirostres	An artificial group of passerine birds having slender bills, as the humming birds.
Tenues	of Tenuis
Tenuis	One of the three surd mutes /, /, /; -- so called in relation to their respective middle letters, or medials, /, /, /, and their aspirates, /, /, /. The term is also applied to the corresponding letters and articulate elements in other languages.
Tenuity	The quality or state of being tenuous; thinness, applied to a broad substance; slenderness, applied to anything that is long; as, the tenuity of a leaf; the tenuity of a hair.
Tenuity	Rarily; rareness; thinness, as of a fluid; as, the tenuity of the air; the tenuity of the blood.
Tenuity	Poverty; indigence.
Tenuity	Refinement; delicacy.
Tenuous	Thin; slender; small; minute.
Tenuous	Rare; subtile; not dense; -- said of fluids.
Tenuous	Lacking substance, as a tenuous argument.
Tenure	The act or right of holding, as property, especially real estate.
Tenure	The manner of holding lands and tenements of a superior.
Tenure	The consideration, condition, or service which the occupier of land gives to his lord or superior for the use of his land.
Tenure	Manner of holding, in general; as, in absolute governments, men hold their rights by a precarious tenure.
Teocallis	of Teocalli
Teocalli	Literally, God's house; a temple, usually of pyramidal form, such as were built by the aborigines of Mexico, Yucatan, etc.
Teosinte	A large grass (Euchlaena luxurians) closely related to maize. It is native of Mexico and Central America, but is now cultivated for fodder in the Southern United States and in many warm countries. Called also Guatemala grass.
Tepal	A division of a perianth.
Tepee	An Indian wigwam or tent.
Tepefaction	Act of tepefying.
Tepefied	of Tepefy
Tepefying	of Tepefy
Tepefy	To make or become tepid, or moderately warm.
Tephramancy	Divination by the ashes of the altar on which a victim had been consumed in sacrifice.
Tephrite	An igneous rock consisting essentially of plagioclase and either leucite or nephelite, or both.
Tephroite	A silicate of manganese of an ash-gray color.
Tephrosia	A genus of leguminous shrubby plants and herbs, mostly found in tropical countries, a few herbaceous species being North American. The foliage is often ashy-pubescent, whence the name.
Tepid	Moderately warm; lukewarm; as, a tepid bath; tepid rays; tepid vapors.
Tepidity	The quality or state of being tepid; moderate warmth; lukewarmness; tepidness.
Tepor	Gentle heat; moderate warmth; tepidness.
Tequila	An intoxicating liquor made from the maguey in the district of Tequila, Mexico.
Ter-	A combining form from L. ter signifying three times, thrice. See Tri-, 2.
Teraconic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid obtained by the distillation of terebic acid, and homologous with citraconic acid.
Teracrylic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid of the acrylic series, obtained by the distillation of terpenylic acid, as an only substance having a peculiar cheesy odor.
Teraphs	of Teraph
Teraph	See Teraphim.
Teraphim	Images connected with the magical rites used by those Israelites who added corrupt practices to the patriarchal religion. Teraphim were consulted by the Israelites for oracular answers.
Terapin	See Terrapin.
Teratical	Wonderful; ominous; prodigious.
Teratogeny	The formation of monsters.
Teratoid	Resembling a monster; abnormal; of a pathological growth, exceedingly complex or highly organized.
Teratological	Of or pertaining to teratology; as, teratological changes.
Teratology	That branch of biological science which treats of monstrosities, malformations, or deviations from the normal type of structure, either in plants or animals.
Teratology	Affectation of sublimity; bombast.
Teratoma	A tumor, sometimes found in newborn children, which is made up of a heterigenous mixture of tissues, as of bone, cartilage and muscle.
Terbic	Of, pertaining to, or containing, terbium; also, designating certain of its compounds.
Terbium	A rare metallic element, of uncertain identification, supposed to exist in certain minerals, as gadolinite and samarskite, with other rare ytterbium earth. Symbol Tr or Tb. Atomic weight 150.
Terce	See Tierce.
Tercel	See Tiercel. Called also tarsel, tassel.
Tercelet	A male hawk or eagle; a tiercelet.
Tercellene	A small male hawk.
Tercentenary	Including, or relating to, an interval of three hundred years.
Tercentenary	The three hundredth anniversary of any event; also, a celebration of such an anniversary.
Tercet	A triplet.
Tercet	A triplet; a group of three lines.
Tercine	A cellular layer derived from the nucleus of an ovule and surrounding the embryo sac.  Cf. Quintine.
Terebate	A salt of terebic acid.
Terebene	A polymeric modification of terpene, obtained as a white crystalline camphorlike substance; -- called also camphene. By extension, any one of a group of related substances.
Terebenthene	Oil of turpentine. See Turpentine.
Terebic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, terbenthene (oil of turpentine); specifically, designating an acid, C7H10O4, obtained by the oxidation of terbenthene with nitric acid, as a white crystalline substance.
Terebilenic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a complex acid, C7H8O4, obtained as a white crystalline substance by a modified oxidation of terebic acid.
Terebinth	The turpentine tree.
Terebinthic	Of or pertaining to turpentine; resembling turpentine; terbinthine; as, terbinthic qualities.
Terebinthinate	Impregnating with the qualities of turpentine; terbinthine.
Terebinthine	Of or pertaining to turpentine; consisting of turpentine, or partaking of its qualities.
Terebras	of Terebra
Terebrae	of Terebra
Terebra	A genus of marine gastropods having a long, tapering spire. They belong to the Toxoglossa. Called also auger shell.
Terebra	The boring ovipositor of a hymenopterous insect.
Terebrant	Boring, or adapted for boring; -- said of certain Hymenoptera, as the sawflies.
Terebrantia	A division of Hymenoptera including those which have an ovipositor adapted for perforating plants. It includes the sawflies.
Terebrate	To perforate; to bore; to pierce.
Terebrating	Boring; perforating; -- applied to molluskas which form holes in rocks, wood, etc.
Terebrating	Boring; piercing; -- applied to certain kinds of pain, especially to those of locomotor ataxia.
Terebration	The act of terebrating, or boring.
Terebratulae	of Terebratula
Terebratula	A genus of brachiopods which includes many living and some fossil species. The larger valve has a perforated beak, through which projects a short peduncle for attachment. Called also lamp shell.
Terebratulid	Any species of Terebratula or allied genera. Used also adjectively.
Terebratuliform	Having the general form of a terebratula shell.
Teredine	A borer; the teredo.
Teredos	of Teredo
Teredines	of Teredo
Teredo	A genus of long, slender, wormlike bivalve mollusks which bore into submerged wood, such as the piles of wharves, bottoms of ships, etc.; -- called also shipworm. See Shipworm. See Illust. in App.
Terephthalate	A salt of terephthalic acid.
Terephthalic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a dibasic acid of the aromatic series, metameric with phthalic acid, and obtained, as a tasteless white crystalline powder, by the oxidation of oil of turpentine; -- called also paraphthalic acid.  Cf. Phthalic.
Teret	Round; terete.
Terete	Cylindrical and slightly tapering; columnar, as some stems of plants.
Teretial	Rounded; as, the teretial tracts in the floor of the fourth ventricle of the brain of some fishes.
Teretous	Terete.
Tergal	Of or pertaining to back, or tergum. See Dorsal.
Tergant	Showing the back; as, the eagle tergant.
Tergeminal	Alt. of Tergeminate
Tergeminate	Thrice twin; having three pairs of leaflets.
Tergeminous	Threefold; thrice-paired.
Tergiferous	Carrying or bearing upon the back.
Tergite	The dorsal portion of an arthromere or somite of an articulate animal. See Illust. under Coleoptera.
Tergiversate	To shift; to practice evasion; to use subterfuges; to shuffle.
Tergiversation	The act of tergiversating; a shifting; shift; subterfuge; evasion.
Tergiversation	Fickleness of conduct; inconstancy; change.
Tergiversator	One who tergiversates; one who suffles, or practices evasion.
Terga	of Tergum
Tergum	The back of an animal.
Tergum	The dorsal piece of a somite of an articulate animal.
Tergum	One of the dorsal plates of the operculum of a cirriped.
Terin	A small yellow singing bird, with an ash-colored head; the European siskin. Called also tarin.
Term	That which limits the extent of anything; limit; extremity; bound; boundary.
Term	The time for which anything lasts; any limited time; as, a term of five years; the term of life.
Term	In universities, schools, etc., a definite continuous period during which instruction is regularly given to students; as, the school year is divided into three terms.
Term	A point, line, or superficies, that limits; as, a line is the term of a superficies, and a superficies is the term of a solid.
Term	A fixed period of time; a prescribed duration
Term	The limitation of an estate; or rather, the whole time for which an estate is granted, as for the term of a life or lives, or for a term of years.
Term	A space of time granted to a debtor for discharging his obligation.
Term	The time in which a court is held or is open for the trial of causes.
Term	The subject or the predicate of a proposition; one of the three component parts of a syllogism, each one of which is used twice.
Term	A word or expression; specifically, one that has a precisely limited meaning in certain relations and uses, or is peculiar to a science, art, profession, or the like; as, a technical term.
Term	A quadrangular pillar, adorned on the top with the figure of a head, as of a man, woman, or satyr; -- called also terminal figure. See Terminus, n., 2 and 3.
Term	A member of a compound quantity; as, a or b in a + b; ab or cd in ab - cd.
Term	The menses.
Term	Propositions or promises, as in contracts, which, when assented to or accepted by another, settle the contract and bind the parties; conditions.
Term	In Scotland, the time fixed for the payment of rents.
Term	A piece of carved work placed under each end of the taffrail.
Termed	of Term
Terming	of Term
Term	To apply a term to; to name; to call; to denominate.
Terma	The terminal lamina, or thin ventral part, of the anterior wall of the third ventricle of the brain.
Termagancy	The quality or state of being termagant; turbulence; tumultuousness; as, a violent termagancy of temper.
Termagant	An imaginary being supposed by the Christians to be a Mohammedan deity or false god. He is represented in the ancient moralities, farces, and puppet shows as extremely vociferous and tumultous.
Termagant	A boisterous, brawling, turbulent person; -- formerly applied to both sexes, now only to women.
Termagant	Tumultuous; turbulent; boisterous; furious; quarrelsome; scolding.
Termatarium	Any nest or dwelling of termes, or white ants.
Termatary	Same as Termatarium.
Termer	One who resorted to London during the law term only, in order to practice tricks, to carry on intrigues, or the like.
Termer	One who has an estate for a term of years or for life.
Termites	of Termes
Termes	A genus of Pseudoneuroptera including the white ants, or termites. See Termite.
Terminable	Capable of being terminated or bounded; limitable.
Terminal	Of or pertaining to the end or extremity; forming the extremity; as, a terminal edge.
Terminal	Growing at the end of a branch or stem; terminating; as, a terminal bud, flower, or spike.
Terminal	That which terminates or ends; termination; extremity.
Terminal	Either of the ends of the conducting circuit of an electrical apparatus, as an inductorium, dynamo, or electric motor, usually provided with binding screws for the attachment of wires by which a current may be conveyed into or from the machine; a pole.
Terminalia	A festival celebrated annually by the Romans on February 23 in honor of Terminus, the god of boundaries.
Terminant	Termination; ending.
Terminated	of Terminate
Terminating	of Terminate
Terminate	To set a term or limit to; to form the extreme point or side of; to bound; to limit; as, to terminate a surface by a line.
Terminate	To put an end to; to make to cease; as, to terminate an effort, or a controversy.
Terminate	Hence, to put the finishing touch to; to bring to completion; to perfect.
Terminate	To be limited in space by a point, line, or surface; to stop short; to end; to cease; as, the torrid zone terminates at the tropics.
Terminate	To come to a limit in time; to end; to close.
Termination	The act of terminating, or of limiting or setting bounds; the act of ending or concluding; as, a voluntary termination of hostilities.
Termination	That which ends or bounds; limit in space or extent; bound; end; as, the termination of a line.
Termination	End in time or existence; as, the termination of the year, or of life; the termination of happiness.
Termination	End; conclusion; result.
Termination	Last purpose of design.
Termination	A word; a term.
Termination	The ending of a word; a final syllable or letter; the part added to a stem in inflection.
Terminational	Of or pertaining to termination; forming a termination.
Terminative	Tending or serving to terminate; terminating; determining; definitive.
Terminator	One who, or that which, terminates.
Terminator	The dividing line between the illuminated and the unilluminated part of the moon.
Terminatory	Terminative.
Termine	To terminate.
Terminer	A determining; as, in oyer and terminer. See Oyer.
Terminism	The doctrine held by the Terminists.
Terminist	One of a class of theologians who maintain that God has fixed a certain term for the probation of individual persons, during which period, and no longer, they have the offer to grace.
Terminological	Of or pertaining to terminology.
Terminology	The doctrine of terms; a theory of terms or appellations; a treatise on terms.
Terminology	The terms actually used in any business, art, science, or the like; nomenclature; technical terms; as, the terminology of chemistry.
Termini	of Terminus
Terminus	Literally, a boundary; a border; a limit.
Terminus	The Roman divinity who presided over boundaries, whose statue was properly a short pillar terminating in the bust of a man, woman, satyr, or the like, but often merely a post or stone stuck in the ground on a boundary line.
Terminus	Hence, any post or stone marking a boundary; a term. See Term, 8.
Terminus	Either end of a railroad line; also, the station house, or the town or city, at that place.
Termites	of Termite
Termite	Any one of numerous species of pseudoneoropterous insects belonging to Termes and allied genera; -- called also white ant. See Illust. of White ant.
Termless	Having no term or end; unlimited; boundless; unending; as, termless time.
Termless	Inexpressible; indescribable.
Termly	Occurring every term; as, a termly fee.
Termly	Term by term; every term.
Termonology	Terminology.
Termor	Same as Termer, 2.
Tern	Any one of numerous species of long-winged aquatic birds, allied to the gulls, and belonging to Sterna and various allied genera.
Tern	Threefold; triple; consisting of three; ternate.
Tern	That which consists of, or pertains to, three things or numbers together; especially, a prize in a lottery resulting from the favorable combination of three numbers in the drawing; also, the three numbers themselves.
Ternary	Proceeding by threes; consisting of three; as, the ternary number was anciently esteemed a symbol of perfection, and held in great veneration.
Ternary	Containing, or consisting of, three different parts, as elements, atoms, groups, or radicals, which are regarded as having different functions or relations in the molecule; thus, sodic hydroxide, NaOH, is a ternary compound.
Ternaries	of Ternary
Ternary	A ternion; the number three; three things taken together; a triad.
Ternate	Having the parts arranged by threes; as, ternate branches, leaves, or flowers.
Terneplate	Thin iron sheets coated with an alloy of lead and tin; -- so called because made up of three metals.
Ternion	The number three; three things together; a ternary.
Terpene	Any one of a series of isomeric hydrocarbons of pleasant aromatic odor, occurring especially in coniferous plants and represented by oil of turpentine, but including also certain hydrocarbons found in some essential oils.
Terpentic	Terpenylic.
Terpenylic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid, C8H12O4 (called also terpentic acid), homologous with terebic acid, and obtained as a white crystalline substance by the oxidation of oil of turpentine with chromic acid.
Terpilene	A polymeric form of terpene, resembling terbene.
Terpin	A white crystalline substance regarded as a hydrate of oil of turpentine.
Terpinol	Any oil substance having a hyacinthine odor, obtained by the action of acids on terpin, and regarded as a related hydrate.
Terpsichore	The Muse who presided over the choral song and the dance, especially the latter.
Terpsichorean	Of or pertaining to Terpsichore; of or pertaining to dancing.
Terra	The earth; earth.
Terrace	A raised level space, shelf, or platform of earth, supported on one or more sides by a wall, a bank of tuft, or the like, whether designed for use or pleasure.
Terrace	A balcony, especially a large and uncovered one.
Terrace	A flat roof to a house; as, the buildings of the Oriental nations are covered with terraces.
Terrace	A street, or a row of houses, on a bank or the side of a hill; hence, any street, or row of houses.
Terrace	A level plain, usually with a steep front, bordering a river, a lake, or sometimes the sea.
Terraced	of Terrace
Terracing	of Terrace
Terrace	To form into a terrace or terraces; to furnish with a terrace or terraces, as, to terrace a garden, or a building.
Terraculture	Cultivation on the earth; agriculture.
Terrane	A group of rocks having a common age or origin; -- nearly equivalent to formation, but used somewhat less comprehensively.
Terrapin	Any one of numerous species of tortoises living in fresh and brackish waters. Many of them are valued for food.
Terraqueous	Consisting of land and water; as, the earth is a terraqueous globe.
Terrar	See 2d Terrier, 2.
Terras	See /rass.
Terreen	See Turren.
Terreity	Quality of being earthy; earthiness.
Terrel	A spherical magnet so placed that its poles, equator, etc., correspond to those of the earth.
Terremote	An earthquake.
Terrene	A tureen.
Terrene	Of or pertaining to the earth; earthy; as, terrene substance.
Terrene	Earthy; terrestrial.
Terrene	The earth's surface; the earth.
Terrene	The surface of the ground.
Terrenity	Earthiness; worldliness.
Terreous	Consisting of earth; earthy; as, terreous substances; terreous particles.
Terreplein	The top, platform, or horizontal surface, of a rampart, on which the cannon are placed. See Illust. of Casemate.
Terrestre	Terrestrial; earthly.
Terrestrial	Of or pertaining to the earth; existing on the earth; earthly; as, terrestrial animals.
Terrestrial	Representing, or consisting of, the earth; as, a terrestrial globe.
Terrestrial	Of or pertaining to the world, or to the present state; sublunary; mundane.
Terrestrial	Consisting of land, in distinction from water; belonging to, or inhabiting, the land or ground, in distinction from trees, water, or the like; as, terrestrial serpents.
Terrestrial	Adapted for the observation of objects on land and on the earth; as, a terrestrial telescope, in distinction from an astronomical telescope.
Terrestrial	An inhabitant of the earth.
Terrestrify	To convert or reduce into a condition like that of the earth; to make earthy.
Terrestrious	Terrestrial.
Terret	One of the rings on the top of the saddle of a harness, through which the reins pass.
Terre-tenant	One who has the actual possession of land; the occupant.
Terre-verte	An olive-green earth used as a pigment. See Glauconite.
Terrible	Adapted or likely to excite terror, awe, or dread; dreadful; formidable.
Terrible	Excessive; extreme; severe.
Terricolae	A division of annelids including the common earthworms and allied species.
Terrienniak	The arctic fox.
Terrier	An auger or borer.
Terrier	One of a breed of small dogs, which includes several distinct subbreeds, some of which, such as the Skye terrier and Yorkshire terrier, have long hair and drooping ears, while others, at the English and the black-and-tan terriers, have short, close, smooth hair and upright ears.
Terrier	Formerly, a collection of acknowledgments of the vassals or tenants of a lordship, containing the rents and services they owed to the lord, and the like.
Terrier	In modern usage, a book or roll in which the lands of private persons or corporations are described by their site, boundaries, number of acres, or the like.
Terrific	Causing terror; adapted to excite great fear or dread; terrible; as, a terrific form; a terrific sight.
Terrifical	Terrific.
Terrifically	In a terrific manner.
Terrified	of Terrify
Terrifying	of Terrify
Terrify	To make terrible.
Terrify	To alarm or shock with fear; to frighten.
Terrigenous	Earthborn; produced by the earth.
Territorial	Of or pertaining to territory or land; as, territorial limits; territorial jurisdiction.
Territorial	Limited to a certain district; as, right may be personal or territorial.
Territorial	Of or pertaining to all or any of the Territories of the United States, or to any district similarly organized elsewhere; as, Territorial governments.
Territorialized	of Territorialize
Territorializing	of Territorialize
Territorialize	To enlarge by extension of territory.
Territorialize	To reduce to the condition of a territory.
Territorially	In regard to territory; by means of territory.
Territoried	Possessed of territory.
Territories	of Territory
Territory	A large extent or tract of land; a region; a country; a district.
Territory	The extent of land belonging to, or under the dominion of, a prince, state, or other form of government; often, a tract of land lying at a distance from the parent country or from the seat of government; as, the territory of a State; the territories of the East India Company.
Territory	In the United States, a portion of the country not included within the limits of any State, and not yet admitted as a State into the Union, but organized with a separate legislature, under a Territorial governor and other officers appointed by the President and Senate of the United States. In Canada, a similarly organized portion of the country not yet formed into a Province.
Terror	Extreme fear; fear that agitates body and mind; violent dread; fright.
Terror	That which excites dread; a cause of extreme fear.
Terrorism	The act of terrorizing, or state of being terrorized; a mode of government by terror or intimidation.
Terrorism	The practise of coercing governments to accede to political demands by committing violence on civilian targets; any similar use of violence to achieve goals.
Terrorist	One who governs by terrorism or intimidation; specifically, an agent or partisan of the revolutionary tribunal during the Reign of Terror in France.
Terrorize	To impress with terror; to coerce by intimidation.
Terrorless	Free from terror.
Terry	A kind of heavy colored fabric, either all silk, or silk and worsted, or silk and cotton, often called terry velvet, used for upholstery and trimmings.
Tersanctus	An ancient ascription of praise (containing the word "Holy" -- in its Latin form, "Sanctus" -- thrice repeated), used in the Mass of the Roman Catholic Church and before the prayer of consecration in the communion service of the Church of England and the Protestant Episcopal Church.  Cf. Trisagion.
Terse	Appearing as if rubbed or wiped off; rubbed; smooth; polished.
Terse	Refined; accomplished; -- said of persons.
Terse	Elegantly concise; free of superfluous words; polished to smoothness; as, terse language; a terse style.
Tersulphide	A trisulphide.
Tersulphuret	A trisulphide.
Ter-tenant	See Terre-tenant.
Tertial	Same as Tertiary.
Tertian	Occurring every third day; as, a tertian fever.
Tertian	A disease, especially an intermittent fever, which returns every third day, reckoning inclusively, or in which the intermission lasts one day.
Tertian	A liquid measure formerly used for wine, equal to seventy imperial, or eighty-four wine, gallons, being one third of a tun.
Tertiary	Being of the third formation, order, or rank; third; as, a tertiary use of a word.
Tertiary	Possessing some quality in the third degree; having been subjected to the substitution of three atoms or radicals; as, a tertiary alcohol, amine, or salt.  Cf. Primary, and Secondary.
Tertiary	Later than, or subsequent to, the Secondary.
Tertiary	Growing on the innermost joint of a bird's wing; tertial; -- said of quills.
Tertiaries	of Tertiary
Tertiary	A member of the Third Order in any monastic system; as, the Franciscan tertiaries; the Dominican tertiaries; the Carmelite tertiaries. See Third Order, under Third.
Tertiary	The Tertiary era, period, or formation.
Tertiary	One of the quill feathers which are borne upon the basal joint of the wing of a bird. See Illust. of Bird.
Tertiate	To do or perform for the third time.
Tertiate	To examine, as the thickness of the metal at the muzzle of a gun; or, in general, to examine the thickness of, as ordnance, in order to ascertain its strength.
Terutero	The South American lapwing (Vanellus Cayennensis). Its wings are furnished with short spurs. Called also Cayenne lapwing.
Terza rima	A peculiar and complicated system of versification, borrowed by the early Italian poets from the Troubadours.
Terzetto	A composition in three voice parts; a vocal (rarely an instrumental) trio.
Tesselar	Formed of tesserae, as a mosaic.
Tessellata	A division of Crinoidea including numerous fossil species in which the body is covered with tessellated plates.
Tessellated	of Tessellate
Tessellating	of Tessellate
Tessellate	To form into squares or checkers; to lay with checkered work.
Tessellate	Tessellated.
Tessellated	Formed of little squares, as mosaic work; checkered; as, a tessellated pavement.
Tessellated	Marked like a checkerboard; as, a tessellated leaf.
Tessellation	The act of tessellating; also, the mosaic work so formed.
Tesserae	of Tessera
Tessera	A small piece of marble, glass, earthenware, or the like, having a square, or nearly square, face, used by the ancients for mosaic, as for making pavements, for ornamenting walls, and like purposes; also, a similar piece of ivory, bone, wood, etc., used as a ticket of admission to theaters, or as a certificate for successful gladiators, and as a token for various other purposes.
Tesseraic	Diversified by squares; done in mosaic; tessellated.
Tesseral	Of, pertaining to, or containing, tesserae.
Tesseral	Isometric.
Tessular	Tesseral.
Test	A cupel or cupelling hearth in which precious metals are melted for trial and refinement.
Test	Examination or trial by the cupel; hence, any critical examination or decisive trial; as, to put a man's assertions to a test.
Test	Means of trial; as, absence is a test of love.
Test	That with which anything is compared for proof of its genuineness; a touchstone; a standard.
Test	Discriminative characteristic; standard of judgment; ground of admission or exclusion.
Test	Judgment; distinction; discrimination.
Test	A reaction employed to recognize or distinguish any particular substance or constituent of a compound, as the production of some characteristic precipitate; also, the reagent employed to produce such reaction; thus, the ordinary test for sulphuric acid is the production of a white insoluble precipitate of barium sulphate by means of some soluble barium salt.
Tested	of Test
Testing	of Test
Test	To refine, as gold or silver, in a test, or cupel; to subject to cupellation.
Test	To put to the proof; to prove the truth, genuineness, or quality of by experiment, or by some principle or standard; to try; as, to test the soundness of a principle; to test the validity of an argument.
Test	To examine or try, as by the use of some reagent; as, to test a solution by litmus paper.
Test	A witness.
Test	To make a testament, or will.
Tests	of Testa
Testae	of Testa
Test	Alt. of Testa
Testa	The external hard or firm covering of many invertebrate animals.
Testa	The outer integument of a seed; the episperm, or spermoderm.
Testable	Capable of being tested or proved.
Testable	Capable of being devised, or given by will.
Testacea	Invertebrate animals covered with shells, especially mollusks; shellfish.
Testacean	Onr of the Testacea.
Testaceography	The science which treats of testaceans, or shellfish; the description of shellfish.
Testaceology	The science of testaceous mollusks; conchology.
Testaceous	Of or pertaining to shells; consisted of a hard shell, or having a hard shell.
Testaceous	Having a dull red brick color or a brownish yellow color.
Testacy	The state or circumstance of being testate, or of leaving a valid will, or testament, at death.
Testament	A solemn, authentic instrument in writing, by which a person declares his will as to disposal of his estate and effects after his death.
Testament	One of the two distinct revelations of God's purposes toward man; a covenant; also, one of the two general divisions of the canonical books of the sacred Scriptures, in which the covenants are respectively revealed; as, the Old Testament; the New Testament; -- often limited, in colloquial language, to the latter.
Testamental	Of or pertaining to a testament; testamentary.
Testamentary	Of or pertaining to a will, or testament; as, letters testamentary.
Testamentary	Bequeathed by will; given by testament.
Testamentary	Done, appointed by, or founded on, a testament, or will; as, a testamentary guardian of a minor, who may be appointed by the will of a father to act in that capacity until the child becomes of age.
Testamentation	The act or power of giving by testament, or will.
Testamentize	To make a will.
Testamur	A certificate of merit or proficiency; -- so called from the Latin words, Ita testamur, with which it commences.
Testate	Having made and left a will; as, a person is said to die testate.
Testate	One who leaves a valid will at death; a testate person.
Testation	A witnessing or witness.
Testator	A man who makes and leaves a will, or testament, at death.
Testatrix	A woman who makes and leaves a will at death; a female testator.
Teste	A witness.
Teste	The witnessing or concluding clause, duty attached; -- said of a writ, deed, or the like.
Tester	A headpiece; a helmet.
Tester	A flat canopy, as over a pulpit or tomb.
Tester	A canopy over a bed, supported by the bedposts.
Tester	An old French silver coin, originally of the value of about eighteen pence, subsequently reduced to ninepence, and later to sixpence, sterling. Hence, in modern English slang, a sixpence; -- often contracted to tizzy. Called also teston.
Testern	A sixpence; a tester.
Testern	To present with a tester.
Testes	pl. of Teste, or of Testis.
Testicardines	A division of brachiopods including those which have a calcareous shell furnished with a hinge and hinge teeth. Terebratula and Spirifer are examples.
Testicle	One of the essential male genital glands which secrete the semen.
Testicond	Having the testicles naturally concealed, as in the case of the cetaceans.
Testicular	Of or pertaining to the testicle.
Testiculate	Shaped like a testicle, ovate and solid.
Testiculate	Having two tubers resembling testicles in form, as some species of orchis.
Testiere	A piece of plate armor for the head of a war horse; a tester.
Testif	Testy; headstrong; obstinate.
Testification	The act of testifying, or giving testimony or evidence; as, a direct testification of our homage to God.
Testificator	A testifier.
Testifier	One who testifies; one who gives testimony, or bears witness to prove anything; a witness.
Testified	of Testify
Testifying	of Testify
Testify	To make a solemn declaration, verbal or written, to establish some fact; to give testimony for the purpose of communicating to others a knowledge of something not known to them.
Testify	To make a solemn declaration under oath or affirmation, for the purpose of establishing, or making proof of, some fact to a court; to give testimony in a cause depending before a tribunal.
Testify	To declare a charge; to protest; to give information; to bear witness; -- with against.
Testify	To bear witness to; to support the truth of by testimony; to affirm or declare solemny.
Testify	To affirm or declare under oath or affirmation before a tribunal, in order to prove some fact.
Testify	In a testy manner; fretfully; peevishly; with petulance.
Testimonial	A writing or certificate which bears testimony in favor of one's character, good conduct, ability, etc., or of the value of a thing.
Testimonial	Something, as money or plate, presented to a preson as a token of respect, or of obligation for services rendered.
Testimonial	Relating to, or containing, testimony.
Testimonies	of Testimony
Testimony	A solemn declaration or affirmation made for the purpose of establishing or proving some fact.
Testimony	Affirmation; declaration; as, these doctrines are supported by the uniform testimony of the fathers; the belief of past facts must depend on the evidence of human testimony, or the testimony of historians.
Testimony	Open attestation; profession.
Testimony	Witness; evidence; proof of some fact.
Testimony	The two tables of the law.
Testimony	Hence, the whole divine revelation; the sacre/ Scriptures.
Testimony	To witness; to attest; to prove by testimony.
Testiness	The quality or state of being testy; fretfulness; petulance.
Testing	The act of testing or proving; trial; proof.
Testing	The operation of refining gold or silver in a test, or cupel; cupellation.
Testes	of Testis
Testis	A testicle.
Teston	A tester; a sixpence.
Testone	A silver coin of Portugal, worth about sixpence sterling, or about eleven cents.
Testoon	An Italian silver coin. The testoon of Rome is worth 1s. 3d. sterling, or about thirty cents.
Testudinal	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a tortoise.
Testudinarious	Of or pertaining to the shell of a tortoise; resembling a tortoise shell; having the color or markings of a tortoise shell.
Testudinata	An order of reptiles which includes the turtles and tortoises. The body is covered by a shell consisting of an upper or dorsal shell, called the carapace, and a lower or ventral shell, called the plastron, each of which consists of several plates.
Testudinate	Alt. of Testudinated
Testudinated	Resembling a tortoise shell in appearance or structure; roofed; arched; vaulted.
Testudineous	Resembling the shell of a tortoise.
Testudines	of Testudo
Testudo	A genus of tortoises which formerly included a large number of diverse forms, but is now restricted to certain terrestrial species, such as the European land tortoise (Testudo Graeca) and the gopher of the Southern United States.
Testudo	A cover or screen which a body of troops formed with their shields or targets, by holding them over their heads when standing close to each other. This cover resembled the back of a tortoise, and served to shelter the men from darts, stones, and other missiles. A similar defense was sometimes formed of boards, and moved on wheels.
Testudo	A kind of musical instrument. a species of lyre; -- so called in allusion to the lyre of Mercury, fabled to have been made of the shell of a tortoise.
Testy	Fretful; peevish; petulant; easily irritated.
Tetanic	Of or pertaining to tetanus; having the character of tetanus; as, a tetanic state; tetanic contraction.
Tetanic	Producing, or tending to produce, tetanus, or tonic contraction of the muscles; as, a tetanic remedy. See Tetanic, n.
Tetanic	A substance (notably nux vomica, strychnine, and brucine) which, either as a remedy or a poison, acts primarily on the spinal cord, and which, when taken in comparatively large quantity, produces tetanic spasms or convulsions.
Tetanin	A poisonous base (ptomaine) formed in meat broth through the agency of a peculiar microbe from the wound of a person who has died of tetanus; -- so called because it produces tetanus as one of its prominent effects.
Tetanization	The production or condition of tetanus.
Tetanize	To throw, as a muscle, into a state of permanent contraction; to cause tetanus in. See Tetanus, n., 2.
Tetanoid	Resembling tetanus.
Tetanomotor	An instrument from tetanizing a muscle by irritating its nerve by successive mechanical shocks.
Tetanus	A painful and usually fatal disease, resulting generally from a wound, and having as its principal symptom persistent spasm of the voluntary muscles. When the muscles of the lower jaw are affected, it is called locked-jaw, or lickjaw, and it takes various names from the various incurvations of the body resulting from the spasm.
Tetanus	That condition of a muscle in which it is in a state of continued vibratory contraction, as when stimulated by a series of induction shocks.
Tetany	A morbid condition resembling tetanus, but distinguished from it by being less severe and having intermittent spasms.
Tetard	A gobioid fish (Eleotris gyrinus) of the Southern United States; -- called also sleeper.
Tetartohedral	Having one fourth the number of planes which are requisite to complete symmetry.
Tetartohedrism	The property of being tetartohedral.
Tetaug	See Tautog.
Tetchiness	See Techiness.
Tetchy	See Techy.
Tete	A kind of wig; false hair.
Tete-a-tete	Private conversation; familiar interview or conference of two persons.
Tete-a-tete	A short sofa intended to accomodate two persons.
Tete-a-tete	Private; confidential; familiar.
Tete-a-tete	Face to face; privately or confidentially; familiarly.
Tetes-de-pont	of Tete-de-pont
Tete-de-pont	A work thrown up at the end of a bridge nearest the enemy, for covering the communications across a river; a bridgehead.
Tetel	A large African antelope (Alcelaphus tora). It has widely divergent, strongly ringed horns.
Tether	A long rope or chain by which an animal is fastened, as to a stake, so that it can range or feed only within certain limits.
Tethered	of Tether
Tethering	of Tether
Tether	To confine, as an animal, with a long rope or chain, as for feeding within certain limits.
Tethydan	A tunicate.
Tethyodea	A division of Tunicata including the common attached ascidians, both simple and compound. Called also Tethioidea.
Tethys	A genus of a large naked mollusks having a very large, broad, fringed cephalic disk, and branched dorsal gills. Some of the species become a foot long and are brilliantly colored.
Tetra-	A combining form or prefix signifying four, as in tetrabasic, tetrapetalous.
Tetra-	A combining form (also used adjectively) denoting four proportional or combining parts of the substance or ingredient denoted by the term to which it is prefixed, as in tetra-chloride, tetroxide.
Tetrabasic	Capable of neutralizing four molecules of a monacid base; having four hydrogen atoms capable of replacement by bases; quadribasic; -- said of certain acids; thus, normal silicic acid, Si(OH)4, is a tetrabasic acid.
Tetraboric	Same as Pyroboric.
Tetrabranchiata	An order of Cephalopoda having four gills. Among living species it includes only the pearly nautilus. Numerous genera and species are found in the fossil state, such as Ammonites, Baculites, Orthoceras, etc.
Tetrabranchiate	Of or pertaining to the Tetrabranchiata.
Tetrabranchiate	One of the Tetrabranchiata.
Tetracarpel	Composed of four carpels.
Tetrachord	A scale series of four sounds, of which the extremes, or first and last, constituted a fourth. These extremes were immutable; the two middle sounds were changeable.
Tetrachotomous	Having a division by fours; separated into four parts or series, or into series of fours.
Tetracid	Capable of neutralizing four molecules of a monobasic acid; having four hydrogen atoms capable of replacement ba acids or acid atoms; -- said of certain bases; thus, erythrine, C4H6(OH)4, is a tetracid alcohol.
Tetracoccous	Having four cocci, or carpels.
Tetracolon	A stanza or division in lyric poetry, consisting of four verses or lines.
Tetracoralla	Same as Rugosa.
Tetractinellid	Any species of sponge of the division Tetractinellida. Also used adjectively.
Tetractinellida	A division of Spongiae in which the spicules are siliceous and have four branches diverging at right angles. Called also Tetractinellinae.
Tetrad	The number four; a collection of four things; a quaternion.
Tetrad	A tetravalent or quadrivalent atom or radical; as, carbon is a tetrad.
Tetradactyl	Alt. of Tetradactyle
Tetradactyle	Tetradactylous.
Tetradactylous	Having, or characterized by, four digits to the foot or hand.
Tetradecane	A light oily hydrocarbon, C14H30, of the marsh-gas series; -- so called from the fourteen carbon atoms in the molecule.
Tetradecapoda	Same as Arthrostraca.
Tetradic	Of or pertaining to a tetrad; possessing or having the characteristics of a tetrad; as, a carbon is a tetradic element.
Tetradite	A person in some way remarkable with regard to the number four, as one born on the fourth day of the month, or one who reverenced four persons in the Godhead.
Tetradon	See Tetrodon.
Tetradont	See Tetrodont.
Tetradrachm	Alt. of Tetradrachma
Tetradrachma	A silver coin among the ancient Greeks, of the value of four drachms.
Tetradymite	A telluride of bismuth. It is of a pale steel-gray color and metallic luster, and usually occurs in foliated masses. Called also telluric bismuth.
Tetradynamia	A Linnaean class of plants having six stamens, four of which are longer than the others.
Tetradynamian	A plant of the order Tetradynamia.
Tetradynamian	Alt. of Tetradynamous
Tetradynamous	Belonging to the order Tetradynamia; having six stamens, four of which are uniformly longer than the others.
Tetragon	A plane figure having four sides and angles; a quadrangle, as a square, a rhombus, etc.
Tetragon	An aspect of two planets with regard to the earth when they are distant from each other ninety degrees, or the fourth of a circle.
Tetragonal	Of or pertaining to a tetragon; having four angles or sides; thus, the square, the parallelogram, the rhombus, and the trapezium are tetragonal fingers.
Tetragonal	Having four prominent longitudinal angles.
Tetragonal	Designating, or belonging to, a certain system of crystallization; dimetric. See Tetragonal system, under Crystallization.
Tetragrammaton	The mystic number four, which was often symbolized to represent the Deity, whose name was expressed by four letters among some ancient nations; as, the Hebrew JeHoVaH, Greek qeo`s, Latin deus, etc.
Tetragynia	A Linnaean order of plants having four styles.
Tetragynian	Alt. of Tetragynous
Tetragynous	Belonging to the order Tetragynia; having four styles.
Tetrahedral	Having, or composed of, four sides.
Tetrahedral	Having the form of the regular tetrahedron.
Tetrahedral	Pertaining or related to a tetrahedron, or to the system of hemihedral forms to which the tetrahedron belongs.
Tetrahedrally	In a tetrahedral manner.
Tetrahedrite	A sulphide of antimony and copper, with small quantities of other metals. It is a very common ore of copper, and some varieties yield a considerable presentage of silver. Called also gray copper ore, fahlore, and panabase.
Tetrahedron	A solid figure inclosed or bounded by four triangles.
Tetrahexahedral	Pertaining to a tetrahexahedron.
Tetrahexahedron	A solid in the isometric system, bounded by twenty-four equal triangular faces, four corresponding to each face of the cube.
Tetrakishexahedron	A tetrahexahedron.
Tetrakosane	A hydrocarbon, C24H50, resembling paraffin, and like it belonging to the marsh-gas series; -- so called from having twenty-four atoms of carbon in the molecule.
Tetralogy	A group or series of four dramatic pieces, three tragedies and one satyric, or comic, piece (or sometimes four tragedies), represented consequently on the Attic stage at the Dionysiac festival.
Tetramera	A division of Coleoptera having, apparently, only four tarsal joints, one joint being rudimentary.
Tetramerous	Having the parts arranged in sets of four; as, a tetramerous flower.
Tetramerous	Having four joints in each of the tarsi; -- said of certain insects.
Tetrameter	A verse or line consisting of four measures, that is, in iambic, trochaic, and anapestic verse, of eight feet; in other kinds of verse, of four feet.
Tetramethylene	A hypothetical hydrocarbon, C4H8, analogous to trimethylene, and regarded as the base of well-known series or derivatives.
Tetramethylene	Sometimes, an isomeric radical used to designate certain compounds which are really related to butylene.
Tetramorph	The union of the four attributes of the Evangelists in one figure, which is represented as winged, and standing on winged fiery wheels, the wings being covered with eyes. The representations of it are evidently suggested by the vision of Ezekiel (ch. i.)
Tetrandria	A Linnaean class of plants having four stamens.
Tetrandrian	Alt. of Tetrandrous
Tetrandrous	Belonging to the class Tetrandria.
Tetraonid	A bird belonging to the tribe of which the genus Tetrao is the type, as the grouse, partridge, quail, and the like. Used also adjectively.
Tetrapetalous	Containing four distinct petals, or flower leaves; as, a tetrapetalous corolla.
Tetrapharmacom	Alt. of Tetrapharmacum
Tetrapharmacum	A combination of wax, resin, lard, and pitch, composing an ointment.
Tetraphenol	Furfuran.
Tetraphyllous	Having four leaves; consisting of four distinct leaves or leaflets.
Tetrapla	A Bible consisting of four different Greek versions arranged in four columns by Origen; hence, any version in four languages or four columns.
Tetraneumona	A division of Arachnida including those spiders which have four lungs, or pulmonary sacs. It includes the bird spiders (Mygale) and the trapdoor spiders. See Mygale.
Tetrapnuemonian	One of the Tetrapneumona.
Tetrapod	An insect characterized by having but four perfect legs, as certain of the butterflies.
Tetrapody	A set of four feet; a measure or distance of four feet.
Tetrapteran	An insect having four wings.
Tetrapterous	Having four wings.
Tetraptote	A noun that has four cases only.
Tetrarch	A Roman governor of the fourth part of a province; hence, any subordinate or dependent prince; also, a petty king or sovereign.
Tetrarch	Four.
Tetrarchate	A tetrarchy.
Tetrarchical	Of or pertaining to a tetrarch or tetrarchy.
Tetrarchies	of Tetrarchy
Tetrarchy	The district under a Roman tetrarch; the office or jurisdiction of a tetrarch; a tetrarchate.
Tetraschistic	Characterized by division into four parts.
Tetrasepalous	Having four sepals.
Tetraspaston	A machine in which four pulleys act together.
Tetraspermous	Having four seeds.
Tetraspore	A nonsexual spore, one of a group of four regularly occurring in red seaweeds.
Tetrastich	A stanza, epigram, or poem, consisting of four verses or lines.
Tetrastyle	Having four columns in front; -- said of a temple, portico, or colonnade.
Tetrastyle	A tetrastyle building.
Tetrasyllabic	Alt. of Tetrasyllabical
Tetrasyllabical	Consisting of, or having, four syllables; quadrisyllabic.
Terrasyllable	A word consisting of four syllables; a quadrisyllable.
Tetrathecal	Having four loculaments, or thecae.
Tetrathionate	A salt of tetrathionic acid.
Tetrathionic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a thionic derivative, H/S/O/, of sulphuric acid, obtained as a colorless, odorless liquid.
Tetratomic	Consisting of four atoms; having four atoms in the molecule, as phosphorus and arsenic.
Tetratomic	Having a valence of four; quadrivalent; tetravalent; sometimes, in a specific sense, having four hydroxyl groups, whether acid or basic.
Tetravalence	The quality or state of being tetravalent; quadrivalence.
Tetravalent	Having a valence of four; tetratomic; quadrivalent.
Tetraxile	Having four branches diverging at right angles; -- said of certain spicules of sponges.
Tetrazo-	A combining form (also used adjectively), designating any one of a series of double derivatives of the azo and diazo compounds containing four atoms of nitrogen.
Tetrazone	Any one of a certain series of basic compounds containing a chain of four nitrogen atoms; for example, ethyl tetrazone, (C2H5)2N.N2.N(C2H5)2, a colorless liquid having an odor of leeks.
Tetric	Alt. of Tetrical
Tetrical	Forward; perverse; harsh; sour; rugged.
Tetricity	Crabbedness; perverseness.
Tetricous	Tetric.
Tetrinic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a complex ketonic acid, C5H6O3, obtained as a white crystalline substance; -- so called because once supposed to contain a peculiar radical of four carbon atoms. Called also acetyl-acrylic acid.
Tetrodon	Any one of numerous species of plectognath fishes belonging to Tetrodon and allied genera. Each jaw is furnished with two large, thick, beaklike, bony teeth.
Tetrodont	Of or pertaining to the tetrodons.
Tetrodont	A tetrodon.
Tetrol	A hypothetical hydrocarbon, C4H4, analogous to benzene; -- so called from the four carbon atoms in the molecule.
Tetrolic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid, C3H3.CO2H, of the acetylene series, homologous with propiolic acid, obtained as a white crystalline substance.
Tetroxide	An oxide having four atoms of oxygen in the molecule; a quadroxide; as, osmium tetroxide, OsO/.
Tetryl	Butyl; -- so called from the four carbon atoms in the molecule.
Tetrylene	Butylene; -- so called from the four carbon atoms in the molecule.
Tetter	A vesicular disease of the skin; herpes. See Herpes.
Tettered	of Tetter
Tettering	of Tetter
Tetter	To affect with tetter.
Tetterous	Having the character of, or pertaining to, tetter.
Tetter-totter	A certain game of children; seesaw; -- called also titter-totter, and titter-cum-totter.
Tetterwort	A plant used as a remedy for tetter, -- in England the calendine, in America the bloodroot.
Tettigonian	Any one of numerous species of Hemiptera belonging to Tettigonia and allied genera; a leaf hopper.
Tettish	Captious; testy.
Tettix	The cicada.
Tettix	A genus of small grasshoppers.
Tetty	Testy; irritable.
Teufit	The lapwing; -- called also teuchit.
Teuk	The redshank.
Teutons	of Teuton
Teutones	of Teuton
Teuton	One of an ancient German tribe; later, a name applied to any member of the Germanic race in Europe; now used to designate a German, Dutchman, Scandinavian, etc., in distinction from a Celt or one of a Latin race.
Teuton	A member of the Teutonic branch of the Indo-European, or Aryan, family.
Teutonic	Of or pertaining to the Teutons, esp. the ancient Teutons; Germanic.
Teutonic	Of or pertaining to any of the Teutonic languages, or the peoples who speak these languages.
Teutonic	The language of the ancient Germans; the Teutonic languages, collectively.
Teutonicism	A mode of speech peculiar to the Teutons; a Teutonic idiom, phrase, or expression; a Teutonic mode or custom; a Germanism.
Tewed	of Tew
Tewing	of Tew
Tew	To prepare by beating or working, as leather or hemp; to taw.
Tew	Hence, to beat; to scourge; also, to pull about; to maul; to tease; to vex.
Tew	To work hard; to strive; to fuse.
Tew	To tow along, as a vessel.
Tew	A rope or chain for towing a boat; also, a cord; a string.
Tewan	A tribe of American Indians including many of the Pueblos of New Mexico and adjacent regions.
Tewed	Fatigued; worn with labor or hardship.
Tewel	A pipe, funnel, or chimney, as for smoke.
Tewel	The tuyere of a furnace.
Tewhit	The lapwing; -- called also teewheep.
Tewtaw	To beat; to break, as flax or hemp.
Texas	A structure on the hurricane deck of a steamer, containing the pilot house, officers' cabins, etc.
Text	A discourse or composition on which a note or commentary is written; the original words of an author, in distinction from a paraphrase, annotation, or commentary.
Text	The four Gospels, by way of distinction or eminence.
Text	A verse or passage of Scripture, especially one chosen as the subject of a sermon, or in proof of a doctrine.
Text	Hence, anything chosen as the subject of an argument, literary composition, or the like; topic; theme.
Text	A style of writing in large characters; text-hand also, a kind of type used in printing; as, German text.
Text	To write in large characters, as in text hand.
Text-book	A book with wide spaces between the lines, to give room for notes.
Text-book	A volume, as of some classical author, on which a teacher lectures or comments; hence, any manual of instruction; a schoolbook.
Text-hand	A large hand in writing; -- so called because it was the practice to write the text of a book in a large hand and the notes in a smaller hand.
Textile	Pertaining to weaving or to woven fabrics; as, textile arts; woven, capable of being woven; formed by weaving; as, textile fabrics.
Textile	That which is, or may be, woven; a fabric made by weaving.
Textmen	of Textman
Textman	One ready in quoting texts.
Textorial	Of or pertaining to weaving.
Textrine	Of or pertaining to weaving, textorial; as, the textrine art.
Textual	Of, pertaining to, or contained in, the text; as, textual criticism; a textual reading.
Textual	Serving for, or depending on, texts.
Textual	Familiar with texts or authorities so as to cite them accurately.
Textualist	A textman; a textuary.
Textually	In a textual manner; in the text or body of a work; in accordance with the text.
Textuarist	A textuary.
Textuary	Contained in the text; textual.
Textuary	Serving as a text; authoritative.
Textuary	One who is well versed in the Scriptures; a textman.
Textuary	One who adheres strictly or rigidly to the text.
Textuel	Textual.
Textuist	A textualist; a textman.
Textural	Of or pertaining to texture.
Texture	The act or art of weaving.
Texture	That which woven; a woven fabric; a web.
Texture	The disposition or connection of threads, filaments, or other slender bodies, interwoven; as, the texture of cloth or of a spider's web.
Texture	The disposition of the several parts of any body in connection with each other, or the manner in which the constituent parts are united; structure; as, the texture of earthy substances or minerals; the texture of a plant or a bone; the texture of paper; a loose or compact texture.
Texture	A tissue. See Tissue.
Textured	of Texture
Texturing	of Texture
Texture	To form a texture of or with; to interweave.
Textury	The art or process of weaving; texture.
Teyne	A thin plate of metal.
Th	In Old English, the article the, when the following word began with a vowel, was often written with elision as if a part of the word. Thus in Chaucer, the forms thabsence, tharray, thegle, thend, thingot, etc., are found for the absence, the array, the eagle, the end, etc.
Thack	Alt. of Thacker
Thacker	See Thatch, Thatcher.
Thak	To thwack.
Thalamencephalon	The segment of the brain next in front of the midbrain, including the thalami, pineal gland, and pituitary body; the diencephalon; the interbrain.
Thalamic	Of or pertaining to a thalamus or to thalami.
Thalamifloral	Alt. of Thalamiflorous
Thalamiflorous	Bearing the stamens directly on the receptacle; -- said of a subclass of polypetalous dicotyledonous plants in the system of De Candolle.
Thalamocoele	The cavity or ventricle of the thalamencephalon; the third ventricle.
Thalamophora	Same as Foraminifera.
Thalami	of Thalamus
Thalamus	A mass of nervous matter on either side of the third ventricle of the brain; -- called also optic thalamus.
Thalamus	Same as Thallus.
Thalamus	The receptacle of a flower; a torus.
Thalassian	Any sea tortoise.
Thalassic	Of or pertaining to the sea; -- sometimes applied to rocks formed from sediments deposited upon the sea bottom.
Thalassinian	Any species of Thalaassinidae, a family of burrowing macrurous Crustacea, having a long and soft abdomen.
Thalassography	The study or science of the life of marine organisms.
Thaler	A German silver coin worth about three shillings sterling, or about 73 cents.
Thalia	That one of the nine Muses who presided over comedy.
Thalia	One of the three Graces.
Thalia	One of the Nereids.
Thaliacea	A division of Tunicata comprising the free-swimming species, such as Salpa and Doliolum.
Thalian	Of or pertaining to Thalia; hence, of or pertaining to comedy; comic.
Thallate	A salt of a hypothetical thallic acid.
Thallene	A hydrocarbon obtained from coal-tar residues, and remarkable for its intense yellowish green fluorescence.
Thallic	Of or pertaining to thallium; derived from, or containing, thallium; specifically, designating those compounds in which the element has a higher valence as contrasted with the thallous compounds; as, thallic oxide.
Thalline	Consisting of a thallus.
Thalline	An artificial alkaloid of the quinoline series, obtained as a white crystalline substance, C10H13NO, whose salts are valuable as antipyretics; -- so called from the green color produced in its solution by certain oxidizing agents.
Thallious	See Thallous.
Thallium	A rare metallic element of the aluminium group found in some minerals, as certain pyrites, and also in the lead-chamber deposit in the manufacture of sulphuric acid. It is isolated as a heavy, soft, bluish white metal, easily oxidized in moist air, but preserved by keeping under water. Symbol Tl. Atomic weight 203.7.
Thallogen	One of a large class or division of the vegetable kingdom, which includes those flowerless plants, such as fungi, algae, and lichens, that consist of a thallus only, composed of cellular tissue, or of a congeries of cells, or even of separate cells, and never show a distinction into root, stem, and leaf.
Thalloid	Resembling, or consisting of, thallus.
Thallophyte	Same as Thallogen.
Thallous	Of or pertaining to thallium; derived from, or containing, thallium; specifically, designating those compounds in which the element has a lower valence as contrasted with the thallic compounds.
Thalli	of Thallus
Thallus	A solid mass of cellular tissue, consisting of one or more layers, usually in the form of a flat stratum or expansion, but sometimes erect or pendulous, and elongated and branching, and forming the substance of the thallogens.
Thammuz	Alt. of Tammuz
Tammuz	A deity among the ancient Syrians, in honor of whom the Hebrew idolatresses held an annual lamentation. This deity has been conjectured to be the same with the Phoenician Adon, or Adonis.
Tammuz	The fourth month of the Jewish ecclesiastical year, -- supposed to correspond nearly with our month of July.
Thamnophile	A bush shrike.
Thamyn	An Asiatic deer (Rucervus Eldi) resembling the swamp deer; -- called also Eld's deer.
Than	A particle expressing comparison, used after certain adjectives and adverbs which express comparison or diversity, as more, better, other, otherwise, and the like. It is usually followed by the object compared in the nominative case. Sometimes, however, the object compared is placed in the objective case, and than is then considered by some grammarians as a preposition. Sometimes the object is expressed in a sentence, usually introduced by that; as, I would rather suffer than that you should want.
Than	Then. See Then.
Thanage	The district in which a thane anciently had jurisdiction; thanedom.
Thanatoid	Deathlike; resembling death.
Thanatology	A description, or the doctrine, of death.
Thanatopsis	A view of death; a meditation on the subject of death.
Thane	A dignitary under the Anglo-Saxons and Danes in England. Of these there were two orders, the king's thanes, who attended the kings in their courts and held lands immediately of them, and the ordinary thanes, who were lords of manors and who had particular jurisdiction within their limits. After the Conquest, this title was disused, and baron took its place.
Thanedom	The property or jurisdiction of a thane; thanage.
Thanehood	The character or dignity of a thane; also, thanes, collectively.
Thaneship	The state or dignity of a thane; thanehood; also, the seignioralty of a thane.
Thanks	of Thank
Thank	A expression of gratitude; an acknowledgment expressive of a sense of favor or kindness received; obligation, claim, or desert, or gratitude; -- now generally used in the plural.
Thanked	of Thank
Thanking	of Thank
Thank	To express gratitude to (anyone) for a favor; to make acknowledgments to (anyone) for kindness bestowed; -- used also ironically for blame.
Thankful	Obtaining or deserving thanks; thankworthy.
Thankful	Impressed with a sense of kindness received, and ready to acknowledge it; grateful.
Thankless	Not acknowledging favors; not expressing thankfulness; unthankful; ungrateful.
Thankless	Not obtaining or deserving thanks; unacceptable; as, a thankless task.
Thankly	Thankfully.
Thanksgive	To give or dedicate in token of thanks.
Thanksgiver	One who gives thanks, or acknowledges a kindness.
Thanksgiving	The act of rending thanks, or expressing gratitude for favors or mercies.
Thanksgiving	A public acknowledgment or celebration of divine goodness; also, a day set apart for religious services, specially to acknowledge the goodness of God, either in any remarkable deliverance from calamities or danger, or in the ordinary dispensation of his bounties.
Thankworthiness	The quality or state of being thankworthy.
Thankworthy	Deserving thanks; worthy of gratitude; mreitorious.
Thar	A goatlike animal (Capra Jemlaica) native of the Himalayas. It has small, flattened horns, curved directly backward. The hair of the neck, shoulders, and chest of the male is very long, reaching to the knees. Called also serow, and imo.
Thar	It needs; need.
Tharms	Twisted guts.
Tharos	A small American butterfly (Phycoides tharos) having the upper surface of the wings variegated with orange and black, the outer margins black with small white crescents; -- called also pearl crescent.
That	As a demonstrative pronoun (pl. Those), that usually points out, or refers to, a person or thing previously mentioned, or supposed to be understood. That, as a demonstrative, may precede the noun to which it refers; as, that which he has said is true; those in the basket are good apples.
That	As an adjective, that has the same demonstrative force as the pronoun, but is followed by a noun.
That	As a relative pronoun, that is equivalent to who or which, serving to point out, and make definite, a person or thing spoken of, or alluded to, before, and may be either singular or plural.
That	As a conjunction, that retains much of its force as a demonstrative pronoun.
That	To introduce a clause employed as the object of the preceding verb, or as the subject or predicate nominative of a verb.
That	To introduce, a reason or cause; -- equivalent to for that, in that, for the reason that, because.
That	To introduce a purpose; -- usually followed by may, or might, and frequently preceded by so, in order, to the end, etc.
That	To introduce a consequence, result, or effect; -- usually preceded by so or such, sometimes by that.
That	In an elliptical sentence to introduce a dependent sentence expressing a wish, or a cause of surprise, indignation, or the like.
That	As adverb: To such a degree; so; as, he was that frightened he could say nothing.
Thatch	Straw, rushes, or the like, used for making or covering the roofs of buildings, or of stacks of hay or grain.
Thatch	A name in the West Indies for several kinds of palm, the leaves of which are used for thatching.
Thatched	of Thatch
Thatching	of Thatch
Thatch	To cover with, or with a roof of, straw, reeds, or some similar substance; as, to thatch a roof, a stable, or a stack of grain.
Thatcher	One who thatches.
Thatching	The act or art of covering buildings with thatch; so as to keep out rain, snow, etc.
Thatching	The materials used for this purpose; thatch.
Thaught	See Thwart.
Thaumatolatry	Worship or undue admiration of wonderful or miraculous things.
Thaumatrope	An optical instrument or toy for showing the presistence of an impression upon the eyes after the luminous object is withdrawn.
Thaumaturge	A magician; a wonder worker.
Thaumaturgic	Alt. of Thaumaturgical
Thaumaturgical	Of or pertaining to thaumaturgy; magical; wonderful.
Thaumaturgics	Feats of legerdemain, or magical performances.
Thaumaturgist	One who deals in wonders, or believes in them; a wonder worker.
Thaumaturgus	A miracle worker; -- a title given by the Roman Catholics to some saints.
Thaumaturgy	The act or art of performing something wonderful; magic; legerdemain.
Thave	Same as Theave.
Thawed	of Thaw
Thawing	of Thaw
Thaw	To melt, dissolve, or become fluid; to soften; -- said of that which is frozen; as, the ice thaws.
Thaw	To become so warm as to melt ice and snow; -- said in reference to the weather, and used impersonally.
Thaw	Fig.: To grow gentle or genial.
Thaw	To cause (frozen things, as earth, snow, ice) to melt, soften, or dissolve.
Thaw	The melting of ice, snow, or other congealed matter; the resolution of ice, or the like, into the state of a fluid; liquefaction by heat of anything congealed by frost; also, a warmth of weather sufficient to melt that which is congealed.
Thawy	Liquefying by heat after having been frozen; thawing; melting.
The	See Thee.
The	A word placed before nouns to limit or individualize their meaning.
The	By that; by how much; by so much; on that account; -- used before comparatives; as, the longer we continue in sin, the more difficult it is to reform.
Thea	A genus of plants found in China and Japan; the tea plant.
Theandric	Relating to, or existing by, the union of divine and human operation in Christ, or the joint agency of the divine and human nature.
Theanthropic	Alt. of Theanthropical
Theanthropical	Partaking of, or combining, both divinity and humanity.
Theanthropism	A state of being God and man.
Theanthropism	The ascription of human atributes to the Deity, or to a polytheistic deity; anthropomorphism.
Theanthropist	One who advocates, or believes in, theanthropism.
Theanthropy	Theanthropism.
Thearchic	Divinely sovereign or supreme.
Thearchy	Government by God; divine sovereignty; theocracy.
Theater	Alt. of Theatre
Theatre	An edifice in which dramatic performances or spectacles are exhibited for the amusement of spectators; anciently uncovered, except the stage, but in modern times roofed.
Theatre	Any room adapted to the exhibition of any performances before an assembly, as public lectures, scholastic exercises, anatomical demonstrations, surgical operations, etc.
Theatre	That which resembles a theater in form, use, or the like; a place rising by steps or gradations, like the seats of a theater.
Theatre	A sphere or scheme of operation.
Theatre	A place or region where great events are enacted; as, the theater of war.
Theatin	Alt. of Theatine
Theatine	One of an order of Italian monks, established in 1524, expressly to oppose Reformation, and to raise the tone of piety among Roman Catholics. They hold no property, nor do they beg, but depend on what Providence sends. Their chief employment is preaching and giving religious instruction.
Theatine	One of an order of nuns founded by Ursula Benincasa, who died in 1618.
Theatral	Of or pertaining to a theater; theatrical.
Theatric	Theatrical.
Theatrical	Of or pertaining to a theater, or to the scenic representations; resembling the manner of dramatic performers; histrionic; hence, artificial; as, theatrical performances; theatrical gestures.
Theatricals	Dramatic performances; especially, those produced by amateurs.
Theave	A ewe lamb of the first year; also, a sheep three years old.
Thebaic	Of or pertaining to Thebes in Egypt; specifically, designating a version of the Bible preserved by the Copts, and esteemed of great value by biblical scholars. This version is also called the Sahidic version.
Thebaid	A Latin epic poem by Statius about Thebes in Boeotia.
Thebaine	A poisonous alkaloid, C19H21NO3, found in opium in small quantities, having a sharp, astringent taste, and a tetanic action resembling that of strychnine.
Theban	Of or pertaining to Thebes.
Theban	A native or inhabitant of Thebes; also, a wise man.
Thecae	of Theca
Theca	A sheath; a case; as, the theca, or cell, of an anther; the theca, or spore case, of a fungus; the theca of the spinal cord.
Theca	The chitinous cup which protects the hydranths of certain hydroids.
Theca	The more or less cuplike calicle of a coral.
Theca	The wall forming a calicle of a coral.
Thecal	Of or pertaining to a theca; as, a thecal abscess.
Thecaphore	A surface or organ bearing a theca, or covered with thecae.
Thecaphore	See Basigynium.
Thecasporous	Having the spores in thecae, or cases.
Thecata	Same as Thecophora.
Thecla	Any one of many species of small delicately colored butterflies belonging to Thecla and allied genera; -- called also hairstreak, and elfin.
Thecodactyl	Any one of a group of lizards of the Gecko tribe, having the toes broad, and furnished with a groove in which the claws can be concealed.
Thecodont	Having the teeth inserted in sockets in the alveoli of the jaws.
Thecodont	Of or pertaining to the thecodonts.
Thecodont	One of the Thecodontia.
Thecodontia	A group of fossil saurians having biconcave vertebrae and the teeth implanted in sockets.
Thecophora	A division of hydroids comprising those which have the hydranths in thecae and the gonophores in capsules. The campanularians and sertularians are examples. Called also Thecata. See Illust. under Hydroidea.
Thecosomata	An order of Pteropoda comprising those species which have a shell. See Pteropoda.
Thedom	Success; fortune; luck; chance.
Thee	To thrive; to prosper.
Thee	The objective case of thou. See Thou.
Theft	The act of stealing; specifically, the felonious taking and removing of personal property, with an intent to deprive the rightful owner of the same; larceny.
Theft	The thing stolen.
Theftbote	The receiving of a man's goods again from a thief, or a compensation for them, by way of composition, with the intent that the thief shall escape punishment.
Thegn	Thane. See Thane.
Thegnhood	Thanehood.
Theiform	Having the form of tea.
Theine	See Caffeine. Called also theina.
Their	The possessive case of the personal pronoun they; as, their houses; their country.
Theism	The belief or acknowledgment of the existence of a God, as opposed to atheism, pantheism, or polytheism.
Theist	One who believes in the existence of a God; especially, one who believes in a personal God; -- opposed to atheist.
Theistic	Alt. of Theistical
Theistical	Of or pertaining to theism, or a theist; according to the doctrine of theists.
Thelphusian	One of a tribe of fresh-water crabs which live in or on the banks of rivers in tropical countries.
Thelytokous	Producing females only; -- said of certain female insects.
Them	The objective case of they. See They.
Thematic	Of or pertaining to the theme of a word. See Theme, n., 4.
Thematic	Of or pertaining to a theme, or subject.
Theme	A subject or topic on which a person writes or speaks; a proposition for discussion or argument; a text.
Theme	Discourse on a certain subject.
Theme	A composition or essay required of a pupil.
Theme	A noun or verb, not modified by inflections; also, that part of a noun or verb which remains unchanged (except by euphonic variations) in declension or conjugation; stem.
Theme	That by means of which a thing is done; means; instrument.
Theme	The leading subject of a composition or a movement.
Themis	The goddess of law and order; the patroness of existing rights.
Themselves	The plural of himself, herself, and itself. See Himself, Herself, Itself.
Then	At that time (referring to a time specified, either past or future).
Then	Soon afterward, or immediately; next; afterward.
Then	At another time; later; again.
Then	Than.
Then	In that case; in consequence; as a consequence; therefore; for this reason.
Thenadays	At that time; then; in those days; -- correlative to nowadays.
Thenal	Alt. of Thenar
Thenar	Of or pertaining to the thenar; corresponding to thenar; palmar.
Thenar	The palm of the hand.
Thenar	The prominence of the palm above the base of the thumb; the thenar eminence; the ball of the thumb. Sometimes applied to the corresponding part of the foot.
Thenardite	Anhydrous sodium sulphate, a mineral of a white or brown color and vitreous luster.
Thence	From that place.
Thence	From that time; thenceforth; thereafter.
Thence	For that reason; therefore.
Thence	Not there; elsewhere; absent.
Thenceforth	From that time; thereafter.
Thenceforward	From that time onward; thenceforth.
Thencefrom	From that place.
Theobroma	A genus of small trees. See Cacao.
Theobromic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid extracted from cacao butter (from the Theobroma Cacao), peanut oil (from Arachis hypogaea), etc., as a white waxy crystalline substance.
Theobromine	An alkaloidal ureide, C7H8N4O2, homologous with and resembling caffeine, produced artificially, and also extracted from cacao and chocolate (from Theobroma Cacao) as a bitter white crystalline substance; -- called also dimethyl xanthine.
Theochristic	Anointed by God.
Theocracy	Government of a state by the immediate direction or administration of God; hence, the exercise of political authority by priests as representing the Deity.
Theocracy	The state thus governed, as the Hebrew commonwealth before it became a kingdom.
Theocrasy	A mixture of the worship of different gods, as of Jehovah and idols.
Theocrasy	An intimate union of the soul with God in contemplation, -- an ideal of the Neoplatonists and of some Oriental mystics.
Theocrat	One who lives under a theocratic form of government; one who in civil affairs conforms to divine law.
Theocratic	Alt. of Theocratical
Theocratical	Of or pertaining to a theocracy; administred by the immediate direction of God; as, the theocratical state of the Israelites.
Theodicy	A vindication of the justice of God in ordaining or permitting natural and moral evil.
Theodicy	That department of philosophy which treats of the being, perfections, and government of God, and the immortality of the soul.
Theodolite	An instrument used, especially in trigonometrical surveying, for the accurate measurement of horizontal angles, and also usually of vertical angles. It is variously constructed.
Theodolitic	Of or pertaining to a theodolite; made by means of a theodolite; as, theodolitic observations.
Theogonic	Of or relating to theogony.
Theogonism	Theogony.
Theogonist	A writer on theogony.
Theogony	The generation or genealogy of the gods; that branch of heathen theology which deals with the origin and descent of the deities; also, a poem treating of such genealogies; as, the Theogony of Hesiod.
Theologaster	A pretender or quack in theology.
Theologer	A theologian.
Theologian	A person well versed in theology; a professor of theology or divinity; a divine.
Theologic	Theological.
Theological	Of or pertaining to theology, or the science of God and of divine things; as, a theological treatise.
Theologics	Theology.
Theologist	A theologian.
Theologized	of Theologize
Theologizing	of Theologize
Theologize	To render theological; to apply to divinity; to reduce to a system of theology.
Theologize	To frame a system of theology; to theorize or speculate upon theological subjects.
Theologizer	One who theologizes; a theologian.
Theologue	A theologian.
Theologue	A student in a theological seminary.
Theologies	of Theology
Theology	The science of God or of religion; the science which treats of the existence, character, and attributes of God, his laws and government, the doctrines we are to believe, and the duties we are to practice; divinity; (as more commonly understood) "the knowledge derivable from the Scriptures, the systematic exhibition of revealed truth, the science of Christian faith and life."
Theomachist	One who fights against the gods; one who resists God of the divine will.
Theomachy	A fighting against the gods, as the battle of the gaints with the gods.
Theomachy	A battle or strife among the gods.
Theomachy	Opposition to God or the divine will.
Theomancy	A kind of divination drawn from the responses of oracles among heathen nations.
Theopathetic	Alt. of Theopathic
Theopathic	Of or pertaining to a theopathy.
Theopathy	Capacity for religious affections or worship.
Theophanic	Of or pertaining to a theopany; appearing to man, as a god.
-nies	of Theophany
Theophany	A manifestation of God to man by actual appearance, usually as an incarnation.
Theophilanthropic	Pertaining to theophilanthropy or the theophilanthropists.
Theophilanthropism	The doctrine of the theophilanthropists; theophilanthropy.
Theophilanthropist	A member of a deistical society established at Paris during the French revolution.
Theophilanthropy	Theophilanthropism.
Theophilosophic	Combining theism and philosophy, or pertaining to the combination of theism and philosophy.
Theopneusted	Divinely inspired; theopneustic.
Theopneustic	Given by the inspiration of the Spirit of God.
Theopneusty	Divine inspiration; the supernatural influence of the Divine Spirit in qualifying men to receive and communicate revealed truth.
Theorbist	One who plays on a theorbo.
Theorbo	An instrument made like large lute, but having two necks, with two sets of pegs, the lower set holding the strings governed by frets, while to the upper set were attached the long bass strings used as open notes.
Theorem	That which is considered and established as a principle; hence, sometimes, a rule.
Theorem	A statement of a principle to be demonstrated.
Theorem	To formulate into a theorem.
Theorematic	Alt. of Theorematical
Theorematical	Of or pertaining to a theorem or theorems; comprised in a theorem; consisting of theorems.
Theorematist	One who constructs theorems.
Theoremic	Theorematic.
Theoretic	Alt. of Theoretical
Theoretical	Pertaining to theory; depending on, or confined to, theory or speculation; speculative; terminating in theory or speculation: not practical; as, theoretical learning; theoretic sciences.
Theoretics	The speculative part of a science; speculation.
Theoric	Of or pertaining to the theorica.
Theoric	Relating to, or skilled in, theory; theoretically skilled.
Theoric	Speculation; theory.
Theorica	Public moneys expended at Athens on festivals, sacrifices, and public entertainments (especially theatrical performances), and in gifts to the people; -- also called theoric fund.
Theorical	Theoretic.
Theorically	In a theoretic manner.
Theorist	One who forms theories; one given to theory and speculation; a speculatist.
Theorization	The act or product of theorizing; the formation of a theory or theories; speculation.
Theorized	of Theorize
Theorizing	of Theorize
Theorize	To form a theory or theories; to form opinions solely by theory; to speculate.
Theorizer	One who theorizes or speculates; a theorist.
Theories	of Theory
Theory	A doctrine, or scheme of things, which terminates in speculation or contemplation, without a view to practice; hypothesis; speculation.
Theory	An exposition of the general or abstract principles of any science; as, the theory of music.
Theory	The science, as distinguished from the art; as, the theory and practice of medicine.
Theory	The philosophical explanation of phenomena, either physical or moral; as, Lavoisier's theory of combustion; Adam Smith's theory of moral sentiments.
Theosoph	Alt. of Theosopher
Theosopher	A theosophist.
Theosophic	Alt. of Theosophical
Theosophical	Of or pertaining to theosophy.
Theosophism	Belief in theosophy.
Theosophist	One addicted to theosophy.
Theosophistical	Of or pertaining to theosophy; theosophical.
Theosophized	of Theosophize
Theosophizing	of Theosophize
Theosophize	To practice theosophy.
Theosophy	Any system of philosophy or mysticism which proposes to attain intercourse with God and superior spirits, and consequent superhuman knowledge, by physical processes, as by the theurgic operations of some ancient Platonists, or by the chemical processes of the German fire philosophers; also, a direct, as distinguished from a revealed, knowledge of God, supposed to be attained by extraordinary illumination; especially, a direct insight into the processes of the divine mind, and the interior relations of the divine nature.
Therapeutae	A name given to certain ascetics said to have anciently dwelt in the neighborhood of Alexandria. They are described in a work attributed to Philo, the genuineness and credibility of which are now much discredited.
Therapeutic	Alt. of Therapeutical
Therapeutical	Of or pertaining to the healing art; concerned in discovering and applying remedies for diseases; curative.
Therapeutic	One of the Therapeutae.
Therapeutics	That part of medical science which treats of the discovery and application of remedies for diseases.
Therapeutist	One versed in therapeutics, or the discovery and application of remedies.
Therapy	Therapeutics.
There	In or at that place.
There	In that matter, relation, etc.; at that point, stage, etc., regarded as a distinct place; as, he did not stop there, but continued his speech.
There	To or into that place; thither.
Thereabout	Alt. of Thereabouts
Thereabouts	Near that place.
Thereabouts	Near that number, degree, or quantity; nearly; as, ten men, or thereabouts.
Thereabouts	Concerning that; about that.
Thereafter	After that; afterward.
Thereafter	According to that; accordingly.
Thereafter	Of that sort.
Thereagain	In opposition; against one's course.
There-anent	Concerning that.
Thereat	At that place; there.
Thereat	At that occurrence or event; on that account.
Therebefore	Alt. of Therebiforn
Therebiforn	Before that time; beforehand.
Thereby	By that; by that means; in consequence of that.
Thereby	Annexed to that.
Thereby	Thereabout; -- said of place, number, etc.
Therefor	For that, or this; for it.
Therefore	For that or this reason, referring to something previously stated; for that.
Therefore	Consequently; by consequence.
Therefrom	From this or that.
Therein	In that or this place, time, or thing; in that particular or respect.
Thereinto	Into that or this, or into that place.
Thereof	Of that or this.
Thereology	Therapeutios.
Thereon	On that or this.
Thereout	Out of that or this.
Thereout	On the outside; out of doors.
Thereto	To that or this.
Thereto	Besides; moreover.
Theretofore	Up to that time; before then; -- correlative with heretofore.
Thereunder	Under that or this.
Thereunto	Unto that or this; thereto; besides.
Thereupon	Upon that or this; thereon.
Thereupon	On account, or in consequence, of that; therefore.
Thereupon	Immediately; at once; without delay.
Therewhile	At that time; at the same time.
Therewith	With that or this.
Therewith	In addition; besides; moreover.
Therewith	At the same time; forthwith.
Therewithal	Over and above; besides; moreover.
Therewithal	With that or this; therewith; at the same time.
Therf	Not fermented; unleavened; -- said of bread, loaves, etc.
Theriac	Alt. of Theriaca
Theriaca	An ancient composition esteemed efficacious against the effects of poison; especially, a certain compound of sixty-four drugs, prepared, pulverized, and reduced by means of honey to an electuary; -- called also theriaca Andromachi, and Venice treacle.
Theriaca	Treacle; molasses.
Theriac	Alt. of Theriacal
Theriacal	Of or pertaining to theriac; medicinal.
Therial	Theriac.
Theriodont	One of the Theriodontia. Used also adjectively.
Theriodonta	Same as Theriodontia.
Theriodontia	An extinct order of reptiles found in the Permian and Triassic formations in South Africa. In some respects they resembled carnivorous mammals. Called also Theromorpha.
Theriotomy	Zootomy.
Thermae	Springs or baths of warm or hot water.
Thermal	Of or pertaining to heat; warm; hot; as, the thermal unit; thermal waters.
Thermally	In a thermal manner.
Thermetograph	A self-registering thermometer, especially one that registers the maximum and minimum during long periods.
Thermic	Of or pertaining to heat; due to heat; thermal; as, thermic lines.
Thermidor	The eleventh month of the French republican calendar, -- commencing July 19, and ending August 17. See the Note under Vendemiaire.
Thermifugine	An artificial alkaloid of complex composition, resembling thalline and used as an antipyretic, -- whence its name.
Thermo-	A combining form from Gr. qe`rmh heat, qermo`s hot, warm; as in thermochemistry, thermodynamic.
Thermobarometer	An instrument for determining altitudes by the boiling point of water.
Thermobattery	A thermoelectric battery; a thermopile.
Thermocautery	Cautery by the application of heat.
Thermochemic	Alt. of Thermochemical
Thermochemical	Of or pertaining to thermochemistry; obtained by, or employed in, thermochemistry.
Thermochemistry	That branch of chemical science which includes the investigation of the various relations existing between chemical action and that manifestation of force termed heat, or the determination of the heat evolved by, or employed in, chemical actions.
Thermochrosy	The property possessed by heat of being composed, like light, of rays of different degrees of refrangibility, which are unequal in rate or degree of transmission through diathermic substances.
Thermocurrent	A current, as of electricity, developed, or set in motion, by the action of heat.
Thermodynamic	Relating to thermodynamics; caused or operated by force due to the application of heat.
Thermodynamics	The science which treats of the mechanical action or relations of heat.
Thermoelectric	Pertaining to thermoelectricity; as, thermoelectric currents.
Thermoelectricity	Electricity developed in the action of heat. See the Note under Electricity.
Thermoelectrometer	An instrument for measuring the strength of an electric current in the heat which it produces, or for determining the heat developed by such a current.
Thermogen	Caloric; heat; regarded as a material but imponderable substance.
Thermogenic	Relating to heat, or to the production of heat; producing heat; thermogenous; as, the thermogenic tissues.
Thermogenous	Producing heat; thermogenic.
Thermograph	An instrument for automatically recording indications of the variation of temperature.
Thermology	A discourse on, or an account of, heat.
Thermolysis	The resolution of a compound into parts by heat; dissociation by heat.
Thermolyze	To subject to thermolysis; to dissociate by heat.
Thermomagnetism	Magnetism as affected or caused by the action of heat; the relation of heat to magnetism.
Thermometer	An instrument for measuring temperature, founded on the principle that changes of temperature in bodies are accompained by proportional changes in their volumes or dimensions.
Thermometric	Alt. of Thermometrical
Thermometrical	Of or pertaining to a thermometer; as, the thermometrical scale or tube.
Thermometrical	Made, or ascertained, by means of a thermometer; as, thermometrical observations.
Thermometrically	In a thermometrical manner; by means of a thermometer.
Thermometrograph	An instrument for recording graphically the variations of temperature, or the indications of a thermometer.
Thermometry	The estimation of temperature by the use of a thermometric apparatus.
Thermomultiplier	Same as Thermopile.
Thermopile	An instrument of extreme sensibility, used to determine slight differences and degrees of heat. It is composed of alternate bars of antimony and bismuth, or any two metals having different capacities for the conduction of heat, connected with an astatic galvanometer, which is very sensibly affected by the electric current induced in the system of bars when exposed even to the feeblest degrees of heat.
Thermoscope	An instrument for indicating changes of temperature without indicating the degree of heat by which it is affected; especially, an instrument contrived by Count Rumford which, as modified by Professor Leslie, was afterward called the differential thermometer.
Thermoscopic	Of or pertaining to the thermoscope; made by means of the thermoscope; as, thermoscopic observations.
Thermostat	A self-acting apparatus for regulating temperature by the unequal expansion of different metals, liquids, or gases by heat, as in opening or closing the damper of a stove, or the like, as the heat becomes greater or less than is desired.
Thermostatic	Of or pertaining to the thermostat; made or effected by means of the thermostat.
Thermosystaltic	Influenced in its contraction by heat or cold; -- said of a muscle.
Thermotaxic	Pertaining to, or connected with, the regulation of temperature in the animal body; as, the thermotaxic nervous system.
Thermotension	A process of increasing the strength of wrought iron by heating it to a determinate temperature, and giving to it, while in that state, a mechanical strain or tension in the direction in which the strength is afterward to be exerted.
Thermotic	Alt. of Thermotical
Thermotical	Of or pertaining to heat; produced by heat; as, thermotical phenomena.
Thermotics	The science of heat.
Thermotropic	Manifesting thermotropism.
Thermotropism	The phenomenon of turning towards a source of warmth, seen in the growing parts of some plants.
Thermotype	A picture (as of a slice of wood) obtained by first wetting the object slightly with hydrochloric or dilute sulphuric acid, then taking an impression with a press, and next strongly heating this impression.
Thermotypy	The art or process of obtaining thermotypes.
Thermovoltaic	Of or relating to heat and electricity; especially, relating to thermal effects produced by voltaic action.
Theromorpha	See Theriodonta.
Theropoda	An order of carnivorous dinosaurs in which the feet are less birdlike, and hence more like those of an ordinary quadruped, than in the Ornithopoda. It includes the rapacious genera Megalosaurus, Creosaurus, and their allies.
Thesauri	of Thesaurus
Thesaurus	A treasury or storehouse; hence, a repository, especially of knowledge; -- often applied to a comprehensive work, like a dictionary or cyclopedia.
These	The plural of this. See This.
Thesicle	A little or subordinate thesis; a proposition.
Theses	of Thesis
Thesis	A position or proposition which a person advances and offers to maintain, or which is actually maintained by argument.
Thesis	Hence, an essay or dissertation written upon specific or definite theme; especially, an essay presented by a candidate for a diploma or degree.
Thesis	An affirmation, or distinction from a supposition or hypothesis.
Thesis	The accented part of the measure, expressed by the downward beat; -- the opposite of arsis.
Thesis	The depression of the voice in pronouncing the syllables of a word.
Thesis	The part of the foot upon which such a depression falls.
Thesmothete	A lawgiver; a legislator; one of the six junior archons at Athens.
Thespian	Of or pertaining to Thespis; hence, relating to the drama; dramatic; as, the Thespian art.
Thespian	An actor.
Thessalian	Of or pertaining to Thessaly in Greece.
Thessalian	A native or inhabitant of Thessaly.
Thessalonian	Of or pertaining to Thessalonica, a city of Macedonia.
Thessalonian	A native or inhabitant of Thessalonica.
Theta	A letter of the Greek alphabet corresponding to th in English; -- sometimes called the unlucky letter, from being used by the judges on their ballots in passing condemnation on a prisoner, it being the first letter of the Greek qa`natos, death.
Thetical	Laid down; absolute or positive, as a law.
Thetine	Any one of a series of complex basic sulphur compounds analogous to the sulphines.
Theurgic	Alt. of Theurgical
Theurgical	Of or pertaining to theurgy; magical.
Theurgist	One who pretends to, or is addicted to, theurgy.
Theurgy	A divine work; a miracle; hence, magic; sorcery.
Theurgy	A kind of magical science or art developed in Alexandria among the Neoplatonists, and supposed to enable man to influence the will of the gods by means of purification and other sacramental rites.
Theurgy	In later or modern magic, that species of magic in which effects are claimed to be produced by supernatural agency, in distinction from natural magic.
Thew	Manner; custom; habit; form of behavior; qualities of mind; disposition; specifically, good qualities; virtues.
Thew	Muscle or strength; nerve; brawn; sinew.
Thewed	Furnished with thews or muscles; as, a well-thewed limb.
Thewed	Accustomed; mannered.
Thewy	Having strong or large thews or muscles; muscular; sinewy; strong.
They	The plural of he, she, or it. They is never used adjectively, but always as a pronoun proper, and sometimes refers to persons without an antecedent expressed.
Thialdine	A weak nitrogenous sulphur base, C6H13NS2.
Thialol	A colorless oily liquid, (C2H5)2S2, having a strong garlic odor; -- called also ethyl disulphide. By extension, any one of the series of related compounds.
Thibetan	Of or pertaining to Thibet.
Thibetan	A native or inhabitant of Thibet.
Thibet cloth	A fabric made of coarse goat's hair; a kind of camlet.
Thibet cloth	A kind of fine woolen cloth, used for dresses, cloaks, etc.
Thibetian	Same as Thibetan.
Thible	A slice; a skimmer; a spatula; a pudding stick.
Thick	Measuring in the third dimension other than length and breadth, or in general dimension other than length; -- said of a solid body; as, a timber seven inches thick.
Thick	Having more depth or extent from one surface to its opposite than usual; not thin or slender; as, a thick plank; thick cloth; thick paper; thick neck.
Thick	Dense; not thin; inspissated; as, thick vapors. Also used figuratively; as, thick darkness.
Thick	Not transparent or clear; hence, turbid, muddy, or misty; as, the water of a river is apt to be thick after a rain.
Thick	Abundant, close, or crowded in space; closely set; following in quick succession; frequently recurring.
Thick	Not having due distinction of syllables, or good articulation; indistinct; as, a thick utterance.
Thick	Deep; profound; as, thick sleep.
Thick	Dull; not quick; as, thick of fearing.
Thick	Intimate; very friendly; familiar.
Thick	The thickest part, or the time when anything is thickest.
Thick	A thicket; as, gloomy thicks.
Thick	Frequently; fast; quick.
Thick	Closely; as, a plat of ground thick sown.
Thick	To a great depth, or to a greater depth than usual; as, land covered thick with manure.
Thick	To thicken.
Thickbill	The bullfinch.
Thickened	of Thicken
Thickening	of Thicken
Thicken	To make thick (in any sense of the word).
Thicken	To render dense; to inspissate; as, to thicken paint.
Thicken	To make close; to fill up interstices in; as, to thicken cloth; to thicken ranks of trees or men.
Thicken	To strengthen; to confirm.
Thicken	To make more frequent; as, to thicken blows.
Thicken	To become thick.
Thickening	Something put into a liquid or mass to make it thicker.
Thicket	A wood or a collection of trees, shrubs, etc., closely set; as, a ram caught in a thicket.
Thickhead	A thick-headed or stupid person.
Thickhead	Any one of several species of Australian singing birds of the genus Pachycephala. The males of some of the species are bright-colored. Some of the species are popularly called thrushes.
Thick-headed	Having a thick skull; stupid.
Thickish	Somewhat thick.
Thick-knee	A stone curlew. See under Stone.
Thickly	In a thick manner; deeply; closely.
Thickness	The quality or state of being thick (in any of the senses of the adjective).
Thickset	Close planted; as, a thickset wood; a thickset hedge.
Thickset	Having a short, thick body; stout.
Thickset	A close or thick hedge.
Thickset	A stout, twilled cotton cloth; a fustian corduroy, or velveteen.
Thickskin	A coarse, gross person; a person void of sensibility or sinsitiveness; a dullard.
Thick-skinned	Having a thick skin; hence, not sensitive; dull; obtuse.
Thickskull	A dullard, or dull person; a blockhead; a numskull.
Thick-skulled	Having a thick skull; hence, dull; heavy; stupid; slow to learn.
Thick wind	A defect of respiration in a horse, that is unassociated with noise in breathing or with the signs of emphysema.
Thick-winded	Affected with thick wind.
Thider	Thither.
Thiderward	Thitherward.
Thieves	of Thief
Thief	One who steals; one who commits theft or larceny. See Theft.
Thief	A waster in the snuff of a candle.
Thiefly	Like a thief; thievish; thievishly.
Thienone	A ketone derivative of thiophene obtained as a white crystalline substance, (C4H3S)2.CO, by the action of aluminium chloride and carbonyl chloride on thiophene.
Thienyl	The hypothetical radical C4H3S, regarded as the essential residue of thiophene and certain of its derivatives.
Thieved	of Thieve
Thieving	of Thieve
Thieve	To practice theft; to steal.
Thievery	The practice of stealing; theft; thievishness.
Thievery	That which is stolen.
Thievish	Given to stealing; addicted to theft; as, a thievish boy, a thievish magpie.
Thievish	Like a thief; acting by stealth; sly; secret.
Thievish	Partaking of the nature of theft; accomplished by stealing; dishonest; as, a thievish practice.
Thigh	The proximal segment of the hind limb between the knee and the trunk. See Femur.
Thigh	The coxa, or femur, of an insect.
Thilk	That same; this; that.
Thill	One of the two long pieces of wood, extending before a vehicle, between which a horse is hitched; a shaft.
Thill	The floor of a coal mine.
Thiller	The horse which goes between the thills, or shafts, and supports them; also, the last horse in a team; -- called also thill horse.
Thimble	A kind of cap or cover, or sometimes a broad ring, for the end of the finger, used in sewing to protect the finger when pushing the needle through the material. It is usually made of metal, and has upon the outer surface numerous small pits to catch the head of the needle.
Thimble	Any thimble-shaped appendage or fixure.
Thimble	A tubular piece, generally a strut, through which a bolt or pin passes.
Thimble	A fixed or movable ring, tube, or lining placed in a hole.
Thimble	A tubular cone for expanding a flue; -- called ferrule in England.
Thimble	A ring of thin metal formed with a grooved circumference so as to fit within an eye-spice, or the like, and protect it from chafing.
Thimbleberry	A kind of black raspberry (Rubus occidentalis), common in America.
Thimbleeye	The chub mackerel. See under Chub.
Thimblefuls	of Thimbleful
Thimbleful	As much as a thimble will hold; a very small quantity.
Thimblerig	A sleight-of-hand trick played with three small cups, shaped like thimbles, and a small ball or little pea.
Thimblerigged	of Thimblerig
Thimblerigging	of Thimblerig
Thimblerig	To swindle by means of small cups or thimbles, and a pea or small ball placed under one of them and quickly shifted to another, the victim laying a wager that he knows under which cup it is; hence, to cheat by any trick.
Thimblerigger	One who cheats by thimblerigging, or tricks of legerdemain.
Thimbleweed	Any plant of the composite genus Rudbeckia, coarse herbs somewhat resembling the sunflower; -- so called from their conical receptacles.
Thin	Having little thickness or extent from one surface to its opposite; as, a thin plate of metal; thin paper; a thin board; a thin covering.
Thin	Rare; not dense or thick; -- applied to fluids or soft mixtures; as, thin blood; thin broth; thin air.
Thin	Not close; not crowded; not filling the space; not having the individuals of which the thing is composed in a close or compact state; hence, not abundant; as, the trees of a forest are thin; the corn or grass is thin.
Thin	Not full or well grown; wanting in plumpness.
Thin	Not stout; slim; slender; lean; gaunt; as, a person becomes thin by disease.
Thin	Wanting in body or volume; small; feeble; not full.
Thin	Slight; small; slender; flimsy; wanting substance or depth or force; superficial; inadequate; not sufficient for a covering; as, a thin disguise.
Thin	Not thickly or closely; in a seattered state; as, seed sown thin.
Thinned	of Thin
Thinning	of Thin
Thin	To make thin (in any of the senses of the adjective).
Thin	To grow or become thin; -- used with some adverbs, as out, away, etc.; as, geological strata thin out, i. e., gradually diminish in thickness until they disappear.
Thine	A form of the possessive case of the pronoun thou, now superseded in common discourse by your, the possessive of you, but maintaining a place in solemn discourse, in poetry, and in the usual language of the Friends, or Quakers.
Thing	Whatever exists, or is conceived to exist, as a separate entity, whether animate or inanimate; any separable or distinguishable object of thought.
Thing	An inanimate object, in distinction from a living being; any lifeless material.
Thing	A transaction or occurrence; an event; a deed.
Thing	A portion or part; something.
Thing	A diminutive or slighted object; any object viewed as merely existing; -- often used in pity or contempt.
Thing	Clothes; furniture; appurtenances; luggage; as, to pack or store one's things.
Thing	Whatever may be possessed or owned; a property; -- distinguished from person.
Thing	In Scandinavian countries, a legislative or judicial assembly.
Thought	of Think
Thinking	of Think
Think	To seem or appear; -- used chiefly in the expressions methinketh or methinks, and methought.
Think	To employ any of the intellectual powers except that of simple perception through the senses; to exercise the higher intellectual faculties.
Think	To call anything to mind; to remember; as, I would have sent the books, but I did not think of it.
Think	To reflect upon any subject; to muse; to meditate; to ponder; to consider; to deliberate.
Think	To form an opinion by reasoning; to judge; to conclude; to believe; as, I think it will rain to-morrow.
Think	To purpose; to intend; to design; to mean.
Think	To presume; to venture.
Think	To conceive; to imagine.
Think	To plan or design; to plot; to compass.
Think	To believe; to consider; to esteem.
Thinkable	Capable of being thought or conceived; cogitable.
Thinker	One who thinks; especially and chiefly, one who thinks in a particular manner; as, a close thinker; a deep thinker; a coherent thinker.
Thinking	Having the faculty of thought; cogitative; capable of a regular train of ideas; as, man is a thinking being.
Thinking	The act of thinking; mode of thinking; imagination; cogitation; judgment.
Thinly	In a thin manner; in a loose, scattered manner; scantily; not thickly; as, ground thinly planted with trees; a country thinly inhabited.
Thinner	One who thins, or makes thinner.
Thinness	The quality or state of being thin (in any of the senses of the word).
Thinnish	Somewhat thin.
Thinolite	A calcareous tufa, in part crystalline, occurring on a large scale as a shore deposit about the Quaternary lake basins of Nevada.
Thin-skinned	Having a thin skin; hence, sensitive; irritable.
Thio-	A combining form (also used adjectively) denoting the presence of sulphur. See Sulpho-.
Thiocarbonate	A sulphocarbonate.
Thiocarbonic	Same as Sulphocarbonic.
Thiocyanate	Same as Sulphocyanate.
Thiocyanic	Same as Sulphocyanic.
Thionaphthene	A double benzene and thiophene nucleus, C8H6S, analogous to naphthalene, and like it the base of a large series of derivatives.
Thionic	Of or pertaining to sulphur; containing or resembling sulphur; specifically, designating certain of the thio compounds; as, the thionic acids.  Cf. Dithionic, Trithionic, Tetrathionic, etc.
Thionine	An artificial red or violet dyestuff consisting of a complex sulphur derivative of certain aromatic diamines, and obtained as a dark crystalline powder; -- called also phenylene violet.
Thionol	A red or violet dyestuff having a greenish metallic luster. It is produced artificially, by the chemical dehydration of thionine, as a brown amorphous powder.
Thionoline	A beautiful fluorescent crystalline substance, intermediate in composition between thionol and thionine.
Thionyl	The hypothetical radical SO, regarded as an essential constituent of certain sulphurous compounds; as, thionyl chloride.
Thiophene	A sulphur hydrocarbon, C4H4S, analogous to furfuran and benzene, and acting as the base of a large number of substances which closely resemble the corresponding aromatic derivatives.
Thiophenic	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, thiophene; specifically, designating a certain acid analogous to benzoic acid.
Thiophenol	A colorless mobile liquid, C6H5.SH, of an offensive odor, and analogous to phenol; -- called also phenyl sulphydrate.
Thiophthene	A double thiophene nucleus, C6H4S2, analogous to thionaphthene, and the base of a large series of compounds.
Thiosulphate	A salt of thiosulphuric acid; -- formerly called hyposulphite.
Thiosulphuric	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an unstable acid, H2S2O3, analogous to sulphuric acid, and formerly called hyposulphurous acid.
Thiotolene	A colorless oily liquid, C4H3S.CH3, analogous to, and resembling, toluene; -- called also methyl thiophene.
Thioxene	Any one of three possible metameric substances, which are dimethyl derivatives of thiophene, like the xylenes from benzene.
Third	Next after the second; coming after two others; -- the ordinal of three; as, the third hour in the day.
Third	Constituting or being one of three equal parts into which anything is divided; as, the third part of a day.
Third	The quotient of a unit divided by three; one of three equal parts into which anything is divided.
Third	The sixtieth part of a second of time.
Third	The third tone of the scale; the mediant.
Third	The third part of the estate of a deceased husband, which, by some local laws, the widow is entitled to enjoy during her life.
Third-borough	An under constable.
Thirdings	The third part of the corn or grain growing on the ground at the tenant's death, due to the lord for a heriot, as within the manor of Turfat in Herefordshire.
Thirdly	In the third place.
Third-penny	A third part of the profits of fines and penalties imposed at the country court, which was among the perquisites enjoyed by the earl.
Thirled	of Thirl
Thirling	of Thirl
Thirl	To bore; to drill or thrill. See Thrill.
Thirlage	The right which the owner of a mill possesses, by contract or law, to compel the tenants of a certain district, or of his sucken, to bring all their grain to his mill for grinding.
Thirst	A sensation of dryness in the throat associated with a craving for liquids, produced by deprivation of drink, or by some other cause (as fear, excitement, etc.) which arrests the secretion of the pharyngeal mucous membrane; hence, the condition producing this sensation.
Thirst	Fig.: A want and eager desire after anything; a craving or longing; -- usually with for, of, or after; as, the thirst for gold.
Thirsted	of Thirst
Thirsting	of Thirst
Thirst	To feel thirst; to experience a painful or uneasy sensation of the throat or fauces, as for want of drink.
Thirst	To have a vehement desire.
Thirst	To have a thirst for.
Thirster	One who thirsts.
Thirstily	In a thirsty manner.
Thirstiness	The state of being thirsty; thirst.
Thirstle	The throstle.
Thirsty	Feeling thirst; having a painful or distressing sensation from want of drink; hence, having an eager desire.
Thirsty	Deficient in moisture; dry; parched.
Thirteen	One more than twelve; ten and three; as, thirteen ounces or pounds.
Thirteen	The number greater by one than twelve; the sum of ten and three; thirteen units or objects.
Thirteen	A symbol representing thirteen units, as 13 or xiii.
Thirteenth	Next in order after the twelfth; the third after the tenth; -- the ordinal of thirteen; as, the thirteenth day of the month.
Thirteenth	Constituting or being one of thirteen equal parts into which anything is divided.
Thirteenth	The quotient of a unit divided by thirteen; one of thirteen equal parts into which anything is divided.
Thirteenth	The next in order after the twelfth.
Thirteenth	The interval comprising an octave and a sixth.
Thirtieth	Next in order after the twenty-ninth; the tenth after the twentieth; -- the ordinal of thirty; as, the thirtieth day of the month.
Thirtieth	Constituting or being one of thirty equal parts into which anything is divided.
Thirtieth	The quotient of a unit divided by thirty; one of thirty equal parts.
Thirty	Being three times ten; consisting of one more than twenty-nine; twenty and ten; as, the month of June consists of thirty days.
Thirties	of Thirty
Thirty	The sum of three tens, or twenty and ten; thirty units or objects.
Thirty	A symbol expressing thirty, as 30, or XXX.
Thirty-second	Being one of thirty-two equal parts into which anything is divided.
These	of This
This	As a demonstrative pronoun, this denotes something that is present or near in place or time, or something just mentioned, or that is just about to be mentioned.
This	As an adjective, this has the same demonstrative force as the pronoun, but is followed by a noun; as, this book; this way to town.
Thistle	Any one of several prickly composite plants, especially those of the genera Cnicus, Craduus, and Onopordon. The name is often also applied to other prickly plants.
Thistly	Overgrown with thistles; as, thistly ground.
Thistly	Fig.: Resembling a thistle or thistles; sharp; pricking.
Thither	To that place; -- opposed to hither.
Thither	To that point, end, or result; as, the argument tended thither.
Thither	Being on the farther side from the person speaking; farther; -- a correlative of hither; as, on the thither side of the water.
Thither	Applied to time: On the thither side of, older than; of more years than. See Hither, a.
Thitherto	To that point; so far.
Thitherward	To ward that place; in that direction.
Thitsee	The varnish tree of Burmah (Melanorrhoea usitatissima).
Thitsee	A black varnish obtained from the tree.
Thlipsis	Compression, especially constriction of vessels by an external cause.
Tho	The.
Tho	Those.
Tho	Then.
Tho	Though.
Thole	A wooden or metal pin, set in the gunwale of a boat, to serve as a fulcrum for the oar in rowing.
Thole	The pin, or handle, of a scythe snath.
Tholed	of Thole
Tholing	of Thole
Thole	To bear; to endure; to undergo.
Thole	To wait.
Thomaean	Alt. of Thomean
Thomean	A member of the ancient church of Christians established on the Malabar coast of India, which some suppose to have been originally founded by the Apostle Thomas.
Thomism	Alt. of Thomaism
Thomaism	The doctrine of Thomas Aquinas, esp. with respect to predestination and grace.
Thomist	A follower of Thomas Aquinas. See Scotist.
Thomite	A Thomaean.
Thomsenolite	A fluoride of aluminium, calcium, and sodium occurring with the cryolite of Greenland.
Thomsen's disease	An affection apparently congenital, consisting in tonic contraction and stiffness of the voluntary muscles occurring after a period of muscular inaction.
Thomsonian	Of or pertaining to Thomsonianism.
Thomsonian	A believer in Thomsonianism; one who practices Thomsonianism.
Thomsonianism	An empirical system which assumes that the human body is composed of four elements, earth, air, fire, and water, and that vegetable medicines alone should be used; -- from the founder, Dr. Samuel Thomson, of Massachusetts.
Thomsonite	A zeolitic mineral, occurring generally in masses of a radiated structure. It is a hydrous silicate of aluminia, lime, and soda. Called also mesole, and comptonite.
Thong	A strap of leather; especially, one used for fastening anything.
Thooid	Of or pertaining to a group of carnivores, including the wovels and the dogs.
Thor	The god of thunder, and son of Odin.
Thoracentesis	The operation of puncturing the chest wall so as to let out liquids contained in the cavity of the chest.
Thoracic	Of or pertaining to the thorax, or chest.
Thoracic	One of a group of fishes having the ventral fins placed beneath the thorax or beneath the pectorial fins.
Thoracica	A division of cirripeds including those which have six thoracic segments, usually bearing six pairs of cirri. The common barnacles are examples.
Thoracometer	Same as Stethometer.
Thoracoplasty	A remodeling or reshaping of the thorax; especially, the operation of removing the ribs, so as to obliterate the pleural cavity in cases of empyema.
Thoracostraca	An extensive division of Crustacea, having a dorsal shield or carapec/ //niting all, or nearly all, of the thoracic somites to the head. It includes the crabs, lobsters, shrimps, and similar species.
Thoracotomy	The operation of opening the pleural cavity by incision.
Thoral	Of or pertaining to a bed.
Thorax	The part of the trunk between the neck and the abdomen, containing that part of the body cavity the walls of which are supported by the dorsal vertebrae, the ribs, and the sternum, and which the heart and lungs are situated; the chest.
Thorax	The middle region of the body of an insect, or that region which bears the legs and wings. It is composed of three united somites, each of which is composed of several distinct parts. See Illust. in Appendix. and Illust. of Coleoptera.
Thorax	The second, or middle, region of the body of a crustacean, arachnid, or other articulate animal. In the case of decapod Crustacea, some writers include under the term thorax only the three segments bearing the maxillipeds; others include also the five segments bearing the legs. See Illust. in Appendix.
Thorax	A breastplate, cuirass, or corselet; especially, the breastplate worn by the ancient Greeks.
Thoria	A rare white earthy substance, consisting of the oxide of thorium; -- formerly called also thorina.
Thoric	Of or pertaining to thorium; designating the compounds of thorium.
Thorite	A mineral of a brown to black color, or, as in the variety orangite, orange-yellow. It is essentially a silicate of thorium.
Thorium	A metallic element found in certain rare minerals, as thorite, pyrochlore, monazite, etc., and isolated as an infusible gray metallic powder which burns in the air and forms thoria; -- formerly called also thorinum. Symbol Th. Atomic weight 232.0.
Thorn	A hard and sharp-pointed projection from a woody stem; usually, a branch so transformed; a spine.
Thorn	Any shrub or small tree which bears thorns; especially, any species of the genus Crataegus, as the hawthorn, whitethorn, cockspur thorn.
Thorn	Fig.: That which pricks or annoys as a thorn; anything troublesome; trouble; care.
Thorn	The name of the Anglo-Saxon letter /, capital form /. It was used to represent both of the sounds of English th, as in thin, then. So called because it was the initial letter of thorn, a spine.
Thorn	To prick, as with a thorn.
Thornback	A European skate (Raia clavata) having thornlike spines on its back.
Thornback	The large European spider crab or king crab (Maia squinado).
Thornbill	Any one of several species of small, brilliantly colored American birds of the genus Rhamphomicron. They have a long, slender, sharp bill, and feed upon honey, insects, and the juice of the sugar cane.
Thornbird	A small South American bird (Anumbius anumbii) allied to the ovenbirds of the genus Furnarius). It builds a very large and complex nest of twigs and thorns in a bush or tree.
Thornbut	The turbot.
Thorn-headed	Having a head armed with thorns or spines.
Thornless	Destitute of, or free from, thorns.
Thornset	Set with thorns.
Thorntail	A beautiful South American humming bird (Gouldia Popelairii), having the six outer tail feathers long, slender, and pointed. The head is ornamented with a long, pointed crest.
Thorny	Full of thorns or spines; rough with thorns; spiny; as, a thorny wood; a thorny tree; a thorny crown.
Thorny	Like a thorn or thorns; hence, figuratively, troublesome; vexatious; harassing; perplexing.
Thoro	Thorough.
Thorough	Through.
Thorough	Passing through; as, thorough lights in a house.
Thorough	Passing through or to the end; hence, complete; perfect; as, a thorough reformation; thorough work; a thorough translator; a thorough poet.
Thorough	Thoroughly.
Thorough	Through.
Thorough	A furrow between two ridges, to drain off the surface water.
Thorough bass	The representation of chords by figures placed under the base; figured bass; basso continuo; -- sometimes used as synonymous with harmony.
Thorough-brace	A leather strap supporting the body of a carriage, and attached to springs, or serving as a spring. See Illust. of Chaise.
Thoroughbred	Bred from the best blood through a long line; pure-blooded; -- said of stock, as horses. Hence, having the characteristics of such breeding; mettlesome; courageous; of elegant form, or the like.
Thoroughbred	A thoroughbred animal, especially a horse.
Thoroughfare	A passage through; a passage from one street or opening to another; an unobstructed way open to the public; a public road; hence, a frequented street.
Thoroughfare	A passing or going through; passage.
Thoroughgoing	Going through, or to the end or bottom; very thorough; complete.
Thoroughgoing	Going all lengths; extreme; thoroughplaced; -- less common in this sense.
Thorough-lighted	Provided with thorough lights or windows at opposite sides, as a room or building.
Thoroughly	In a thorough manner; fully; entirely; completely.
Thoroughness	The quality or state of being thorough; completeness.
Thoroughpaced	Perfect in what is undertaken; complete; going all lengths; as, a thoroughplaced Tory or Whig.
Thoroughpin	A disease of the hock (sometimes of the knee) of a horse, caused by inflammation of the synovial membrane and a consequent excessive secretion of the synovial fluid; -- probably so called because there is usually an oval swelling on each side of the leg, appearing somewhat as if a pin had been thrust through.
Thoroughsped	Fully accomplished; thoroughplaced.
Thoroughstitch	So as to go the whole length of any business; fully; completely.
Thoroughwax	An umbelliferous plant (Bupleurum rotundifolium) with perfoliate leaves.
Thoroughwax	Thoroughwort.
Thoroughwort	Same as Boneset.
Thorow	Through.
Thorow	Thorough.
Thorp	Alt. of Thorpe
Thorpe	A group of houses in the country; a small village; a hamlet; a dorp; -- now chiefly occurring in names of places and persons; as, Althorp, Mablethorpe.
Those	The plural of that. See That.
Thoth	The god of eloquence and letters among the ancient Egyptians, and supposed to be the inventor of writing and philosophy. He corresponded to the Mercury of the Romans, and was usually represented as a human figure with the head of an ibis or a lamb.
Thoth	The Egyptian sacred baboon.
Thou	The second personal pronoun, in the singular number, denoting the person addressed; thyself; the pronoun which is used in addressing persons in the solemn or poetical style.
Thou	To address as thou, esp. to do so in order to treat with insolent familiarity or contempt.
Thou	To use the words thou and thee in discourse after the manner of the Friends.
Though	Granting, admitting, or supposing that; notwithstanding that; if.
Though	However; nevertheless; notwithstanding; -- used in familiar language, and in the middle or at the end of a sentence.
Thought	imp. & p. p. of Think.
Thought	The act of thinking; the exercise of the mind in any of its higher forms; reflection; cogitation.
Thought	Meditation; serious consideration.
Thought	That which is thought; an idea; a mental conception, whether an opinion, judgment, fancy, purpose, or intention.
Thought	Solicitude; anxious care; concern.
Thought	A small degree or quantity; a trifle; as, a thought longer; a thought better.
Thoughtful	Full of thought; employed in meditation; contemplative; as, a man of thoughtful mind.
Thoughtful	Attentive; careful; exercising the judgment; having the mind directed to an object; as, thoughtful of gain; thoughtful in seeking truth.
Thoughtful	Anxious; solicitous; concerned.
Thoughtless	Lacking thought; careless; inconsiderate; rash; as, a thoughtless person, or act.
Thoughtless	Giddy; gay; dissipated.
Thoughtless	Deficient in reasoning power; stupid; dull.
Thousand	The number of ten hundred; a collection or sum consisting of ten times one hundred units or objects.
Thousand	Hence, indefinitely, a great number.
Thousand	A symbol representing one thousand units; as, 1,000, M or CI/.
Thousand	Consisting of ten hundred; being ten times one hundred.
Thousand	Hence, consisting of a great number indefinitely.
Thousandfold	Multiplied by a thousand.
Thousand legs	A millepid, or galleyworm; -- called also thousand-legged worm.
Thousandth	Next in order after nine hundred and ninty-nine; coming last of a thousand successive individuals or units; -- the ordinal of thousand; as, the thousandth part of a thing.
Thousandth	Constituting, or being one of, a thousand equal parts into which anything is divided; the tenth of a hundredth.
Thousandth	Occurring as being one of, or the last one of, a very great number; very small; minute; -- used hyperbolically; as, to do a thing for the thousandth time.
Thousandth	The quotient of a unit divided by a thousand; one of a thousand equal parts into which a unit is divided.
Thowel	Alt. of Thowl
Thowl	A thole pin.
Thowl	A rowlock.
Thracian	Of or pertaining to Thrace, or its people.
Thracian	A native or inhabitant of Thrace.
Thrack	To load or burden; as, to thrack a man with property.
Thrackscat	Metal still in the mine.
Thraldom	The condition of a thrall; slavery; bondage; state of servitude.
Thrall	A slave; a bondman.
Thrall	Slavery; bondage; servitude; thraldom.
Thrall	A shelf; a stand for barrels, etc.
Thrall	Of or pertaining to a thrall; in the condition of a thrall; bond; enslaved.
Thrall	To enslave.
Thralldom	Thraldom.
Thrall-less	Having no thralls.
Thrall-less	Not enslaved; not subject to bonds.
Thrall-like	Resembling a thrall, or his condition, feelings, or the like; slavish.
Thranite	One of the rowers on the topmost of the three benches in a trireme.
Thrapple	Windpipe; throttle.
Thrashed	of Thresh
Thrashing	of Thresh
Thrash	Alt. of Thresh
Thresh	To beat out grain from, as straw or husks; to beat the straw or husk of (grain) with a flail; to beat off, as the kernels of grain; as, to thrash wheat, rye, or oats; to thrash over the old straw.
Thresh	To beat soundly, as with a stick or whip; to drub.
Thrash	Alt. of Thresh
Thresh	To practice thrashing grain or the like; to perform the business of beating grain from straw; as, a man who thrashes well.
Thresh	Hence, to labor; to toil; also, to move violently.
Thrashel	An instrument to thrash with; a flail.
Thrasher	Alt. of Thresher
Thresher	One who, or that which, thrashes grain; a thrashing machine.
Thresher	A large and voracious shark (Alopias vulpes), remarkable for the great length of the upper lobe of its tail, with which it beats, or thrashes, its prey. It is found both upon the American and the European coasts. Called also fox shark, sea ape, sea fox, slasher, swingle-tail, and thrasher shark.
Thresher	A name given to the brown thrush and other allied species. See Brown thrush.
Thrashing	a. & n. from Thrash, v.
Thrasonical	Of or pertaining to Thraso; like, or becoming to, Thraso; bragging; boastful; vainglorious.
Thraste	of Thraste
Thrast	of Thraste
Thraste	To thrust.
Thrave	Twenty-four (in some places, twelve) sheaves of wheat; a shock, or stook.
Thrave	The number of two dozen; also, an indefinite number; a bunch; a company; a throng.
Thraw	See Throse.
Thread	A very small twist of flax, wool, cotton, silk, or other fibrous substance, drawn out to considerable length; a compound cord consisting of two or more single yarns doubled, or joined together, and twisted.
Thread	A filament, as of a flower, or of any fibrous substance, as of bark; also, a line of gold or silver.
Thread	The prominent part of the spiral of a screw or nut; the rib. See Screw, n., 1.
Thread	Fig.: Something continued in a long course or tenor; a,s the thread of life, or of a discourse.
Thread	Fig.: Composition; quality; fineness.
Threaded	of Thread
Threading	of Thread
Thread	To pass a thread through the eye of; as, to thread a needle.
Thread	To pass or pierce through as a narrow way; also, to effect or make, as one's way, through or between obstacles; to thrid.
Thread	To form a thread, or spiral rib, on or in; as, to thread a screw or nut.
Threadbare	Worn to the naked thread; having the nap worn off; threadbare clothes.
Threadbare	Fig.: Worn out; as, a threadbare subject; stale topics and threadbare quotations.
Threadbareness	The state of being threadbare.
Threaden	Made of thread; as, threaden sails; a threaden fillet.
Threader	A device for assisting in threading a needle.
Threader	A tool or machine for forming a thread on a screw or in a nut.
Threadfin	Any one of several species of fishes belonging to Polynemus and allied genera. They have numerous long pectoral filaments.
Threadfish	The cutlass fish.
Threadfish	A carangoid fish (Caranx gallus, or C. crinitus) having the anterior rays of the soft dorsal and anal fins prolonged in the form of long threads.
Threadiness	Quality of being thready.
Thread-shaped	Having the form of a thread; filiform.
Threadworm	Any long, slender nematode worm, especially the pinworm and filaria.
Thready	Like thread or filaments; slender; as, the thready roots of a shrub.
Thready	Containing, or consisting of, thread.
Threaped	of Threap
Threaping	of Threap
Threap	To call; to name.
Threap	To maintain obstinately against denial or contradiction; also, to contend or argue against (another) with obstinacy; to chide; as, he threaped me down that it was so.
Threap	To beat, or thrash.
Threap	To cozen, or cheat.
Threap	To contend obstinately; to be pertinacious.
Threap	An obstinate decision or determination; a pertinacious affirmation.
Threat	The expression of an intention to inflict evil or injury on another; the declaration of an evil, loss, or pain to come; menace; threatening; denunciation.
Threat	To threaten.
Threatened	of Threaten
Threatening	of Threaten
Threaten	To utter threats against; to menace; to inspire with apprehension; to alarm, or attempt to alarm, as with the promise of something evil or disagreeable; to warn.
Threaten	To exhibit the appearance of (something evil or unpleasant) as approaching; to indicate as impending; to announce the conditional infliction of; as, to threaten war; to threaten death.
Threaten	To use threats, or menaces; also, to have a threatening appearance.
Threatener	One who threatens.
Threatening	a. & n. from Threaten, v.
Threatful	Full of threats; having a menacing appearance.
Threave	Same as Thrave.
Three	One more than two; two and one.
Three	The number greater by a unit than two; three units or objects.
Three	A symbol representing three units, as 3 or iii.
Three-coat	Having or consisting of three coats; -- applied to plastering which consists of pricking-up, floating, and a finishing coat; or, as called in the United States, a scratch coat, browning, and finishing coat.
Three-cornered	Having three corners, or angles; as, a three-cornered hat.
Three-cornered	Having three prominent longitudinal angles; as, a three-cornered stem.
Three-decker	A vessel of war carrying guns on three decks.
Three-flowered	Bearing three flowers together, or only three flowers.
Threefold	Consisting of three, or thrice repeated; triple; as, threefold justice.
Three-handed	Said of games or contests where three persons play against each other, or two against one; as, a three-handed game of cards.
Three-leafed	Alt. of Three-leaved
Three-leaved	Producing three leaves; as, three-leaved nightshade.
Three-leaved	Consisting of three distinct leaflets; having the leaflets arranged in threes.
Three-lobed	Having three lobes.
Three-nerved	Having three nerves.
Three-parted	Divided into, or consisting of, three parts; tripartite.
Threepence	A small silver coin of three times the value of a penny.
Threepenny	Costing or worth three pence; hence, worth but little; poor; mean.
Three-pile	An old name for the finest and most costly kind of velvet, having a fine, thick pile.
Three-piled	Having the quality of three-pile; best; most costly.
Three-piled	Fig.: Extravagant; exaggerated; high-flown.
Three-piled	Accustomed to wearing three-pile; hence, of high rank, or wealth.
Three-ply	Consisting of three distinct webs inwrought together in weaving, as cloth or carpeting; having three strands; threefold.
Three-pointed	Having three acute or setigerous points; tricuspidate.
Three-quarter	Measuring thirty inches by twenty-five; -- said of portraitures.
Three-score	Thrice twenty; sixty.
Three-sided	Having three sides, especially three plane sides; as, a three-sided stem, leaf, petiole, peduncle, scape, or pericarp.
Three-square	Having a cross section in the form of an equilateral triangle; -- said especially of a kind of file.
Three-valved	Consisting of, or having, three valves; opening with three valves; as, a three-valved pericarp.
Three-way	Connected with, or serving to connect, three channels or pipes; as, a three-way cock or valve.
Threne	Lamentation; threnody; a dirge.
Threnetic	Alt. of Threnetical
Threnetical	Pertaining to a threne; sorrowful; mournful.
Threnode	A threne, or threnody; a dirge; a funeral song.
Threnodist	One who composes, delivers, or utters, a threnode, or threnody.
Threnody	A song of lamentation; a threnode.
Threpe	To call; to term.
Threpsology	The doctrine of nutrition; a treatise on nutrition.
Threshed	of Thresh
Threshing	of Thresh
Thresh	Same as Thrash.
Thresher	Same as Thrasher.
Thresh-fold	Threshold.
Threshold	The plank, stone, or piece of timber, which lies under a door, especially of a dwelling house, church, temple, or the like; the doorsill; hence, entrance; gate; door.
Threshold	Fig.: The place or point of entering or beginning, entrance; outset; as, the threshold of life.
Threshwold	Threshold.
Threste	of Threste
Threst	of Threste
Threste	To thrust.
Thretteen	Thirteen.
Thretty	Thirty.
Threw	imp. of Throw.
Thribble	Triple; treble; threefold.
Thrice	Three times.
Thrice	In a threefold manner or degree; repeatedly; very.
Thricecock	The missel thrush.
Thrid	Third.
Thridded	of Thrid
Thridding	of Thrid
Thrid	To pass through in the manner of a thread or a needle; to make or find a course through; to thread.
Thrid	To make or effect (a way or course) through something; as, to thrid one's way through a wood.
Thrid	Thread; continuous line.
Thrifallow	See Thryfallow, and Trifallow.
Thrift	A thriving state; good husbandry; economical management in regard to property; frugality.
Thrift	Success and advance in the acquisition of property; increase of worldly goods; gain; prosperity.
Thrift	Vigorous growth, as of a plant.
Thrift	One of several species of flowering plants of the genera Statice and Armeria.
Thriftily	In a thrifty manner.
Thriftily	Carefully; properly; becomingly.
Thriftiness	The quality or state of being thrifty; thrift.
Thriftless	Without thrift; not prudent or prosperous in money affairs.
Thrifty	Given to, or evincing, thrift; characterized by economy and good menegement of property; sparing; frugal.
Thrifty	Thriving by industry and frugality; prosperous in the acquisition of worldly goods; increasing in wealth; as, a thrifty farmer or mechanic.
Thrifty	Growing rapidly or vigorously; thriving; as, a thrifty plant or colt.
Thrifty	Secured by thrift; well husbanded.
Thrifty	Well appearing; looking or being in good condition; becoming.
Thrill	A warbling; a trill.
Thrill	A breathing place or hole; a nostril, as of a bird.
Thrilled	of Thrill
Thrilling	of Thrill
Thrill	To perforate by a pointed instrument; to bore; to transfix; to drill.
Thrill	Hence, to affect, as if by something that pierces or pricks; to cause to have a shivering, throbbing, tingling, or exquisite sensation; to pierce; to penetrate.
Thrill	To hurl; to throw; to cast.
Thrill	To pierce, as something sharp; to penetrate; especially, to cause a tingling sensation that runs through the system with a slight shivering; as, a sharp sound thrills through the whole frame.
Thrill	To feel a sharp, shivering, tingling, or exquisite sensation, running through the body.
Thrill	A drill. See 3d Drill, 1.
Thrill	A sensation as of being thrilled; a tremulous excitement; as, a thrill of horror; a thrill of joy.
Thrillant	Piercing; sharp; thrilling.
Thrilling	Causing a thrill; causing tremulous excitement; deeply moving; as, a thrilling romance.
Throng	of Thring
Thring	To press, crowd, or throng.
Thrips	Any one of numerous small species of Thysanoptera, especially those which attack useful plants, as the grain thrips (Thrips cerealium).
Thrist	Thrist.
Thrittene	Thirteen.
Throve	of Thrive
Thrived	of Thrive
Thrived	of Thrive
Thriven	of Thrive
Thriving	of Thrive
Thrive	To prosper by industry, economy, and good management of property; to increase in goods and estate; as, a farmer thrives by good husbandry.
Thrive	To prosper in any business; to have increase or success.
Thrive	To increase in bulk or stature; to grow vigorously or luxuriantly, as a plant; to flourish; as, young cattle thrive in rich pastures; trees thrive in a good soil.
Thriven	p. p. of Thrive.
Thriver	One who thrives, or prospers.
Thrivingly	In a thriving manner.
Thrivingness	The quality or condition of one who thrives; prosperity; growth; increase.
Thro'	A contraction of Through.
Throat	The part of the neck in front of, or ventral to, the vertebral column.
Throat	Hence, the passage through it to the stomach and lungs; the pharynx; -- sometimes restricted to the fauces.
Throat	A contracted portion of a vessel, or of a passage way; as, the throat of a pitcher or vase.
Throat	The part of a chimney between the gathering, or portion of the funnel which contracts in ascending, and the flue.
Throat	The upper fore corner of a boom-and-gaff sail, or of a staysail.
Throat	That end of a gaff which is next the mast.
Throat	The angle where the arm of an anchor is joined to the shank.
Throat	The inside of a timber knee.
Throat	The orifice of a tubular organ; the outer end of the tube of a monopetalous corolla; the faux, or fauces.
Throat	To utter in the throat; to mutter; as, to throat threats.
Throat	To mow, as beans, in a direction against their bending.
Throatband	Same as Throatlatch.
Throatboll	The Adam's apple in the neck.
Throating	A drip, or drip molding.
Throatlatch	A strap of a bridle, halter, or the like, passing under a horse's throat.
Throatwort	A plant (Campanula Trachelium) formerly considered a remedy for sore throats because of its throat-shaped corolla.
Throaty	Guttural; hoarse; having a guttural voice.
Throbbed	of Throb
Throbbing	of Throb
Throb	To beat, or pulsate, with more than usual force or rapidity; to beat in consequence of agitation; to palpitate; -- said of the heart, pulse, etc.
Throb	A beat, or strong pulsation, as of the heart and arteries; a violent beating; a papitation:
Throdden	To grow; to thrive.
Throe	Extreme pain; violent pang; anguish; agony; especially, one of the pangs of travail in childbirth, or purturition.
Throe	A tool for splitting wood into shingles; a frow.
Throe	To struggle in extreme pain; to be in agony; to agonize.
Throe	To put in agony.
Thrombosis	The obstruction of a blood vessel by a clot formed at the site of obstruction; -- distinguished from embolism, which is produced by a clot or foreign body brought from a distance.
Thrombi	of Thrombus
Thrombus	A clot of blood formed of a passage of a vessel and remaining at the site of coagulation.
Thrombus	A tumor produced by the escape of blood into the subcutaneous cellular tissue.
Throne	A chair of state, commonly a royal seat, but sometimes the seat of a prince, bishop, or other high dignitary.
Throne	Hence, sovereign power and dignity; also, the one who occupies a throne, or is invested with sovereign authority; an exalted or dignified personage.
Throne	A high order of angels in the celestial hierarchy; -- a meaning given by the schoolmen.
Throned	of Throne
Throning	of Throne
Throne	To place on a royal seat; to enthrone.
Throne	To place in an elevated position; to give sovereignty or dominion to; to exalt.
Throne	To be in, or sit upon, a throne; to be placed as if upon a throne.
Throneless	Having no throne.
Throng	A multitude of persons or of living beings pressing or pressed into a close body or assemblage; a crowd.
Throng	A great multitude; as, the heavenly throng.
Thronged	of Throng
Thronging	of Throng
Throng	To crowd together; to press together into a close body, as a multitude of persons; to gather or move in multitudes.
Throng	To crowd, or press, as persons; to oppress or annoy with a crowd of living beings.
Throng	To crowd into; to fill closely by crowding or pressing into, as a hall or a street.
Throng	Thronged; crowded; also, much occupied; busy.
Throngly	In throngs or crowds.
Throp	A thorp.
Thropple	The windpipe.
Thropple	To throttle.
Throstle	The song thrush. See under Song.
Throstle	A machine for spinning wool, cotton, etc., from the rove, consisting of a set of drawing rollers with bobbins and flyers, and differing from the mule in having the twisting apparatus stationary and the processes continuous; -- so called because it makes a singing noise.
Throstling	A disease of bovine cattle, consisting of a swelling under the throat, which, unless checked, causes strangulation.
Throttle	The windpipe, or trachea; the weasand.
Throttle	The throttle valve.
Throttled	of Throttle
Throttling	of Throttle
Throttle	To compress the throat of; to choke; to strangle.
Throttle	To utter with breaks and interruption, in the manner of a person half suffocated.
Throttle	To shut off, or reduce flow of, as steam to an engine.
Throttle	To have the throat obstructed so as to be in danger of suffocation; to choke; to suffocate.
Throttle	To breathe hard, as when nearly suffocated.
Throttler	One who, or that which, throttles, or chokes.
Throttler	See Flasher, 3 (b).
Through	From end to end of, or from side to side of; from one surface or limit of, to the opposite; into and out of at the opposite, or at another, point; as, to bore through a piece of timber, or through a board; a ball passes through the side of a ship.
Through	Between the sides or walls of; within; as, to pass through a door; to go through an avenue.
Through	By means of; by the agency of.
Through	Over the whole surface or extent of; as, to ride through the country; to look through an account.
Through	Among or in the midst of; -- used to denote passage; as, a fish swims through the water; the light glimmers through a thicket.
Through	From the beginning to the end of; to the end or conclusion of; as, through life; through the year.
Through	From one end or side to the other; as, to pierce a thing through.
Through	From beginning to end; as, to read a letter through.
Through	To the end; to a conclusion; to the ultimate purpose; as, to carry a project through.
Through	Going or extending through; going, extending, or serving from the beginning to the end; thorough; complete; as, a through line; a through ticket; a through train.  Also, admitting of passage through; as, a through bridge.
Throughly	Thoroughly.
Throughout	Quite through; from one extremity to the other of; also, every part of; as, to search throughout the house.
Throughout	In every part; as, the cloth was of a piece throughout.
Throve	imp. of Thrive.
Throw	Pain; especially, pain of travail; throe.
Throw	Time; while; space of time; moment; trice.
Threw	of Throw
Thrown	of Throw
Throwing	of Throw
Throw	To fling, cast, or hurl with a certain whirling motion of the arm, to throw a ball; -- distinguished from to toss, or to bowl.
Throw	To fling or cast in any manner; to drive to a distance from the hand or from an engine; to propel; to send; as, to throw stones or dust with the hand; a cannon throws a ball; a fire engine throws a stream of water to extinguish flames.
Throw	To drive by violence; as, a vessel or sailors may be thrown upon a rock.
Throw	To cause to take a strategic position; as, he threw a detachment of his army across the river.
Throw	To overturn; to prostrate in wrestling; as, a man throws his antagonist.
Throw	To cast, as dice; to venture at dice.
Throw	To put on hastily; to spread carelessly.
Throw	To divest or strip one's self of; to put off.
Throw	To form or shape roughly on a throwing engine, or potter's wheel, as earthen vessels.
Throw	To give forcible utterance to; to cast; to vent.
Throw	To bring forth; to produce, as young; to bear; -- said especially of rabbits.
Throw	To twist two or more filaments of, as silk, so as to form one thread; to twist together, as singles, in a direction contrary to the twist of the singles themselves; -- sometimes applied to the whole class of operations by which silk is prepared for the weaver.
Throw	To perform the act of throwing or casting; to cast; specifically, to cast dice.
Throw	The act of hurling or flinging; a driving or propelling from the hand or an engine; a cast.
Throw	A stroke; a blow.
Throw	The distance which a missile is, or may be, thrown; as, a stone's throw.
Throw	A cast of dice; the manner in which dice fall when cast; as, a good throw.
Throw	An effort; a violent sally.
Throw	The extreme movement given to a sliding or vibrating reciprocating piece by a cam, crank, eccentric, or the like; travel; stroke; as, the throw of a slide valve. Also, frequently, the length of the radius of a crank, or the eccentricity of an eccentric; as, the throw of the crank of a steam engine is equal to half the stroke of the piston.
Throw	A potter's wheel or table; a jigger. See 2d Jigger, 2 (a).
Throw	A turner's lathe; a throwe.
Throw	The amount of vertical displacement produced by a fault; -- according to the direction it is designated as an upthrow, or a downthrow.
Throw-crook	An instrument used for twisting ropes out of straw.
Throwe	A turning lathe.
Thrower	One who throws. Specifically: (a) One who throws or twists silk; a throwster. (b) One who shapes vessels on a throwing engine.
Throwing	a. & n. from Throw, v.
Thrown	a. & p. p. from Throw, v.
Throw-off	A start in a hunt or a race.
Throwster	One who throws or twists silk; a thrower.
Thru	Through.
Thrum	One of the ends of weaver's threads; hence, any soft, short threads or tufts resembling these.
Thrum	Any coarse yarn; an unraveled strand of rope.
Thrum	A threadlike part of a flower; a stamen.
Thrum	A shove out of place; a small displacement or fault along a seam.
Thrum	A mat made of canvas and tufts of yarn.
Thrummed	of Thrum
Thrumming	of Thrum
Thrum	To furnish with thrums; to insert tufts in; to fringe.
Thrum	To insert short pieces of rope-yarn or spun yarn in; as, to thrum a piece of canvas, or a mat, thus making a rough or tufted surface.
Thrum	To play rudely or monotonously on a stringed instrument with the fingers; to strum.
Thrum	Hence, to make a monotonous drumming noise; as, to thrum on a table.
Thrum	To play, as a stringed instrument, in a rude or monotonous manner.
Thrum	Hence, to drum on; to strike in a monotonous manner; to thrum the table.
Thrum-eyed	Having the anthers raised above the stigma, and visible at the throat of the corolla, as in long-stamened primroses; -- the reverse of pin-eyed.
Thrummy	Like thrums; made of, furnished with, or characterized by, thrums.
Thrumwort	A kind of amaranth (Amarantus caudatus).
Thruout	Throughout.
Thrush	Any one of numerous species of singing birds belonging to Turdus and allied genera. They are noted for the sweetness of their songs.
Thrush	Any one of numerous species of singing birds more or less resembling the true thrushes in appearance or habits; as the thunderbird and the American brown thrush (or thrasher). See Brown thrush.
Thrush	An affection of the mouth, fauces, etc., common in newly born children, characterized by minute ulcers called aphthae. See Aphthae.
Thrush	An inflammatory and suppurative affection of the feet in certain animals. In the horse it is in the frog.
Thrushel	The song thrush.
Thrusher	The song thrush.
Thrust	Thrist.
Thrust	of Thrust
Thrusting	of Thrust
Thrust	To push or drive with force; to drive, force, or impel; to shove; as, to thrust anything with the hand or foot, or with an instrument.
Thrust	To stab; to pierce; -- usually with through.
Thrust	To make a push; to attack with a pointed weapon; as, a fencer thrusts at his antagonist.
Thrust	To enter by pushing; to squeeze in.
Thrust	To push forward; to come with force; to press on; to intrude.
Thrust	A violent push or driving, as with a pointed weapon moved in the direction of its length, or with the hand or foot, or with any instrument; a stab; -- a word much used as a term of fencing.
Thrust	An attack; an assault.
Thrust	The force or pressure of one part of a construction against other parts; especially (Arch.), a horizontal or diagonal outward pressure, as of an arch against its abutments, or of rafters against the wall which support them.
Thrust	The breaking down of the roof of a gallery under its superincumbent weight.
Thruster	One who thrusts or stabs.
Thrusting	The act of pushing with force.
Thrusting	The act of squeezing curd with the hand, to expel the whey.
Thrusting	The white whey, or that which is last pressed out of the curd by the hand, and of which butter is sometimes made.
Thrustle	The throstle, or song thrust.
Thryes	Thrice.
Thryfallow	To plow for the third time in summer; to trifallow.
Thud	A dull sound without resonance, like that produced by striking with, or striking against, some comparatively soft substance; also, the stroke or blow producing such sound; as, the thrud of a cannon ball striking the earth.
Thug	One of an association of robbers and murderers in India who practiced murder by stealthy approaches, and from religious motives. They have been nearly exterminated by the British government.
Thuggee	The practice of secret or stealthy murder by Thugs.
Thuggery	Alt. of Thuggism
Thuggism	Thuggee.
Thuja	A genus of evergreen trees, thickly branched, remarkable for the distichous arrangement of their branches, and having scalelike, closely imbricated, or compressed leaves.
Thule	The name given by ancient geographers to the northernmost part of the habitable world. According to some, this land was Norway, according to others, Iceland, or more probably Mainland, the largest of the Shetland islands; hence, the Latin phrase ultima Thule, farthest Thule.
Thulia	Oxide of thulium.
Thulium	A rare metallic element of uncertain properties and identity, said to have been found in the mineral gadolinite.
Thumb	The short, thick first digit of the human hand, differing from the other fingers in having but two phalanges; the pollex. See Pollex.
Thumbed	of Thumb
Thumbing	of Thumb
Thumb	To handle awkwardly.
Thumb	To play with the thumbs, or with the thumbs and fingers; as, to thumb over a tune.
Thumb	To soil or wear with the thumb or the fingers; to soil, or wear out, by frequent handling; also, to cover with the thumb; as, to thumb the touch-hole of a cannon.
Thumb	To play with the thumb or thumbs; to play clumsily; to thrum.
Thumbbird	The goldcrest.
Thumbed	Having thumbs.
Thumbed	Soiled by handling.
Thumbkin	An instrument of torture for compressing the thumb; a thumbscrew.
Thumbless	Without a thumb.
Thumbscrew	A screw having a flat-sided or knurled head, so that it may be turned by the thumb and forefinger.
Thumbscrew	An old instrument of torture for compressing the thumb by a screw; a thumbkin.
Thummie	The chiff-chaff.
Thummim	A mysterious part or decoration of the breastplate of the Jewish high priest. See the note under Urim.
Thump	The sound made by the sudden fall or blow of a heavy body, as of a hammer, or the like.
Thump	A blow or knock, as with something blunt or heavy; a heavy fall.
Thumped	of Thump
Thumping	of Thump
Thump	To strike or beat with something thick or heavy, or so as to cause a dull sound.
Thump	To give a thump or thumps; to strike or fall with a heavy blow; to pound.
Thumper	One who, or that which, thumps.
Thumping	Heavy; large.
Thunder	The sound which follows a flash of lightning; the report of a discharge of atmospheric electricity.
Thunder	The discharge of electricity; a thunderbolt.
Thunder	Any loud noise; as, the thunder of cannon.
Thunder	An alarming or statrling threat or denunciation.
Thundered	of Thunder
Thundering	of Thunder
Thunder	To produce thunder; to sound, rattle, or roar, as a discharge of atmospheric electricity; -- often used impersonally; as, it thundered continuously.
Thunder	Fig.: To make a loud noise; esp. a heavy sound, of some continuance.
Thunder	To utter violent denunciation.
Thunder	To emit with noise and terror; to utter vehemently; to publish, as a threat or denunciation.
Thunderbird	An Australian insectivorous singing bird (Pachycephala gutturalis). The male is conspicuously marked with black and yellow, and has a black crescent on the breast. Called also white-throated thickhead, orange-breasted thrust, black-crowned thrush, guttural thrush, and black-breasted flycatcher.
Thunderbolt	A shaft of lightning; a brilliant stream of electricity passing from one part of the heavens to another, or from the clouds to the earth.
Thunderbolt	Something resembling lightning in suddenness and effectiveness.
Thunderbolt	Vehement threatening or censure; especially, ecclesiastical denunciation; fulmination.
Thunderbolt	A belemnite, or thunderstone.
Thunderburst	A burst of thunder.
Thunderclap	A sharp burst of thunder; a sudden report of a discharge of atmospheric electricity.
Thundercloud	A cloud charged with electricity, and producing lightning and thunder.
Thunderer	One who thunders; -- used especially as a translation of L. tonans, an epithet applied by the Romans to several of their gods, esp. to Jupiter.
Thunderfish	A large European loach (Misgurnus fossilis).
Thunderhead	A rounded mass of cloud, with shining white edges; a cumulus, -- often appearing before a thunderstorm.
Thundering	Emitting thunder.
Thundering	Very great; -- often adverbially.
Thundering	Thunder.
Thunderless	Without thunder or noise.
Thunderous	Producing thunder.
Thunderous	Making a noise like thunder; sounding loud and deep; sonorous.
Thunderproof	Secure against the effects of thunder or lightning.
Thundershower	A shower accompanied with lightning and thunder.
Thunderstone	A thunderbolt, -- formerly believed to be a stone.
Thunderstone	A belemnite. See Belemnite.
Thunderstorm	A storm accompanied with lightning and thunder.
Thunderstruck	of Thunderstrike
Thunderstruck	of Thunderstrike
-strucken	of Thunderstrike
Thunderstriking	of Thunderstrike
Thunderstrike	To strike, blast, or injure by, or as by, lightning.
Thunderstrike	To astonish, or strike dumb, as with something terrible; -- rarely used except in the past participle.
Thunderworm	A small, footless, burrowing, snakelike lizard (Rhineura Floridana) allied to Amphisbaena, native of Florida; -- so called because it leaves its burrows after a thundershower.
Thundery	Accompanied with thunder; thunderous.
Thundrous	Thunderous; sonorous.
Thunny	The tunny.
Thurgh	Through.
Thurghfare	Thoroughfare.
Thurible	A censer of metal, for burning incense, having various forms, held in the hand or suspended by chains; -- used especially at mass, vespers, and other solemn services.
Thuriferous	Producing or bearing frankincense.
Thurification	The act of fuming with incense, or the act of burning incense.
Thuringian	Of or pertaining to Thuringia, a country in Germany, or its people.
Thuringian	A native, or inhabitant of Thuringia.
Thuringite	A mineral occurring as an aggregation of minute scales having an olive-green color and pearly luster. It is a hydrous silicate of aluminia and iron.
Thurl	A hole; an aperture.
Thurl	A short communication between adits in a mine.
Thurl	A long adit in a coalpit.
Thurl	To cut through; to pierce.
Thurl	To cut through, as a partition between one working and another.
Thurling	Same as Thurl, n., 2 (a).
Thurrok	The hold of a ship; a sink.
Thursday	The fifth day of the week, following Wednesday and preceding Friday.
Thurst	The ruins of the fallen roof resulting from the removal of the pillars and stalls.
Thus	The commoner kind of frankincense, or that obtained from the Norway spruce, the long-leaved pine, and other conifers.
Thus	In this or that manner; on this wise.
Thus	To this degree or extent; so far; so; as, thus wise; thus peaceble; thus bold.
Thussock	See Tussock.
Thuya	Same as Thuja.
Thuyin	A substance extracted from trees of the genus Thuja, or Thuya, and probably identical with quercitrin.
Thwacked	of Thwack
Thwacking	of Thwack
Thwack	To strike with something flat or heavy; to bang, or thrash: to thump.
Thwack	To fill to overflow.
Thwack	A heavy blow with something flat or heavy; a thump.
Thwaite	The twaite.
Thwaite	Forest land cleared, and converted to tillage; an assart.
Thwart	Situated or placed across something else; transverse; oblique.
Thwart	Fig.: Perverse; crossgrained.
Thwart	Thwartly; obliquely; transversely; athwart.
Thwart	Across; athwart.
Thwart	A seat in an open boat reaching from one side to the other, or athwart the boat.
Thwarted	of Thwart
Thwarting	of Thwart
Thwart	To move across or counter to; to cross; as, an arrow thwarts the air.
Thwart	To cross, as a purpose; to oppose; to run counter to; to contravene; hence, to frustrate or defeat.
Thwart	To move or go in an oblique or crosswise manner.
Thwart	Hence, to be in opposition; to clash.
Thwarter	A disease in sheep, indicated by shaking, trembling, or convulsive motions.
Thwartingly	In a thwarting or obstructing manner; so as to thwart.
Thwartly	Transversely; obliquely.
Thwartness	The quality or state of being thwart; obliquity; perverseness.
Thwite	To cut or clip with a knife; to whittle.
Thwittle	To cut or whittle.
Thwittle	A small knife; a whittle.
Thy	Of thee, or belonging to thee; the more common form of thine, possessive case of thou; -- used always attributively, and chiefly in the solemn or grave style, and in poetry. Thine is used in the predicate; as, the knife is thine. See Thine.
Thyine wood	The fragrant and beautiful wood of a North African tree (Callitris quadrivalvis), formerly called Thuja articulata. The tree is of the Cedar family, and furnishes a balsamic resin called sandarach.
Thylacine	The zebra wolf. See under Wolf.
Thymate	A compound of thymol analogous to a salt; as, sodium thymate.
Thyme	Any plant of the labiate genus Thymus. The garden thyme (Thymus vulgaris) is a warm, pungent aromatic, much used to give a relish to seasoning and soups.
Thymene	A liquid terpene obtained from oil of thyme.
Thymiatechny	The art of employing perfumes in medicine.
Thymic	Of or pertaining to the thymus gland.
Thymic	Pertaining to, or derived from, thyme; as, thymic acid.
Thymol	A phenol derivative of cymene, C10H13.OH, isomeric with carvacrol, found in oil of thyme, and extracted as a white crystalline substance of a pleasant aromatic odor and strong antiseptic properties; -- called also hydroxy cymene.
Thymus	Of, pertaining to, or designating, the thymus gland.
Thymus	The thymus gland.
Thymy	Abounding with thyme; fragrant; as, a thymy vale.
Thyro-	A combining form used in anatomy to indicate connection with, or relation to, the thyroid body or the thyroid cartilage; as, thyrohyal.
Thyroarytenoid	Of or pertaining to both the thyroid and arytenoid cartilages of the larynx.
Thyrohyal	One of the lower segments in the hyoid arch, often consolidated with the body of the hyoid bone and forming one of its great horns, as in man.
Thyrohyoid	Of or pertaining to the thyroid cartilage of the larynx and the hyoid arch.
Thyroid	Shaped like an oblong shield; shield-shaped; as, the thyroid cartilage.
Thyroid	Of or pertaining to the thyroid body, thyroid cartilage, or thyroid artery; thyroideal.
Thyroideal	Thyroid.
Thyrotomy	The operation of cutting into the thyroid cartilage.
Thyrse	A thyrsus.
Thyrsoid	Alt. of Thyrsoidal
Thyrsoidal	Having somewhat the form of a thyrsus.
Thyrsi	of Thyrsus
Thyrsus	A staff entwined with ivy, and surmounted by a pine cone, or by a bunch of vine or ivy leaves with grapes or berries. It is an attribute of Bacchus, and of the satyrs and others engaging in Bacchic rites.
Thyrsus	A species of inflorescence; a dense panicle, as in the lilac and horse-chestnut.
Thysanopter	One of the Thysanoptera.
Thysanoptera	A division of insects, considered by some writers a distinct order, but regarded by others as belonging to the Hemiptera. They are all of small size, and have narrow, broadly fringed wings with rudimentary nervures. Most of the species feed upon the juices of plants, and some, as those which attack grain, are very injurious to crops. Called also Physopoda.  See Thrips.
Thysanopteran	One of the Thysanoptera.
Thysanopterous	Of or pertaining to the Thysanoptera.
Thysanura	An order of wingless hexapod insects which have setiform caudal appendages, either bent beneath the body to form a spring, or projecting as bristles. It comprises the Cinura, or bristletails, and the Collembola, or springtails. Called also Thysanoura. See Lepisma, and Podura.
Thysanuran	One of the Thysanura. Also used adjectively.
Thysanurous	Of or pertaining to the Thysanura.
Thysbe	A common clearwing moth (Hemaris thysbe).
Thyself	An emphasized form of the personal pronoun of the second person; -- used as a subject commonly with thou; as, thou thyself shalt go; that is, thou shalt go, and no other. It is sometimes used, especially in the predicate, without thou, and in the nominative as well as in the objective case.
Tiar	A tiara.
Tiara	A form of headdress worn by the ancient Persians. According to Xenophon, the royal tiara was encircled with a diadem, and was high and erect, while those of the people were flexible, or had rims turned over.
Tiara	The pope's triple crown. It was at first a round, high cap, but was afterward encompassed with a crown, subsequently with a second, and finally with a third. Fig.: The papal dignity.
Tiaraed	Adorned with, or wearing, a tiara.
Tib-cat	A female cat.
Tibiae	of Tibia
Tibia	The inner, or preaxial, and usually the larger, of the two bones of the leg or hind limb below the knee.
Tibia	The fourth joint of the leg of an insect. See Illust. under Coleoptera, and under Hexapoda.
Tibia	A musical instrument of the flute kind, originally made of the leg bone of an animal.
Tibial	Of or pertaining to a tibia.
Tibial	Of or pertaining to a pipe or flute.
Tibial	A tibial bone; a tibiale.
Tibialia	of Tibiale
Tibiale	The bone or cartilage of the tarsus which articulates with the tibia and corresponds to a part of the astragalus in man and most mammals.
Tibicinate	To play on a tibia, or pipe.
Tibio-	A combining form used in anatomy to indicate connection with, or relation to, the tibia; as, tibiotarsus, tibiofibular.
Tibiotarsal	Of or pertaining to both to the tibia and the tarsus; as, the tibiotarsal articulation.
Tibiotarsal	Of or pertaining to the tibiotarsus.
Tibiotarsi	of Tibiotarsus
Tibiotarsus	The large bone between the femur and tarsometatarsus in the leg of a bird. It is formed by the union of the proximal part of the tarsus with the tibia.
Tibrie	The pollack.
Tic	A local and habitual convulsive motion of certain muscles; especially, such a motion of some of the muscles of the face; twitching; velication; -- called also spasmodic tic.
Tical	A bean-shaped coin of Siam, worth about sixty cents; also, a weight equal to 236 grains troy.
Tical	A money of account in China, reckoning at about $1.60; also, a weight of about four ounces avoirdupois.
Tice	To entice.
Tice	A ball bowled to strike the ground about a bat's length in front of the wicket.
Ticement	Enticement.
Tichorrhine	A fossil rhinoceros with a vertical bony medial septum supporting the nose; the hairy rhinoceros.
Tick	Credit; trust; as, to buy on, or upon, tick.
Tick	To go on trust, or credit.
Tick	To give tick; to trust.
Tick	Any one of numerous species of large parasitic mites which attach themselves to, and suck the blood of, cattle, dogs, and many other animals. When filled with blood they become ovate, much swollen, and usually livid red in color. Some of the species often attach themselves to the human body. The young are active and have at first but six legs.
Tick	Any one of several species of dipterous insects having a flattened and usually wingless body, as the bird ticks (see under Bird) and sheep tick (see under Sheep).
Tick	The cover, or case, of a bed, mattress, etc., which contains the straw, feathers, hair, or other filling.
Tick	Ticking. See Ticking, n.
Ticked	of Tick
Ticking	of Tick
Tick	To make a small or repeating noise by beating or otherwise, as a watch does; to beat.
Tick	To strike gently; to pat.
Tick	A quick, audible beat, as of a clock.
Tick	Any small mark intended to direct attention to something, or to serve as a check.
Tick	The whinchat; -- so called from its note.
Tick	To check off by means of a tick or any small mark; to score.
Ticken	See Ticking.
Ticker	One who, or that which, ticks, or produces a ticking sound, as a watch or clock, a telegraphic sounder, etc.
Ticket	A small piece of paper, cardboard, or the like, serving as a notice, certificate, or distinguishing token of something.
Ticket	A little note or notice.
Ticket	A tradesman's bill or account.
Ticket	A certificate or token of right of admission to a place of assembly, or of passage in a public conveyance; as, a theater ticket; a railroad or steamboat ticket.
Ticket	A label to show the character or price of goods.
Ticket	A certificate or token of a share in a lottery or other scheme for distributing money, goods, or the like.
Ticket	A printed list of candidates to be voted for at an election; a set of nominations by one party for election; a ballot.
Ticketed	of Ticket
Ticketing	of Ticket
Ticket	To distinguish by a ticket; to put a ticket on; as, to ticket goods.
Ticket	To furnish with a tickets; to book; as, to ticket passengers to California.
Ticketing	A periodical sale of ore in the English mining districts; -- so called from the tickets upon which are written the bids of the buyers.
Ticking	A strong, closely woven linen or cotton fabric, of which ticks for beds are made. It is usually twilled, and woven in stripes of different colors, as white and blue; -- called also ticken.
Tickled	of Tickle
Tickling	of Tickle
Tickle	To touch lightly, so as to produce a peculiar thrilling sensation, which commonly causes laughter, and a kind of spasm which become dengerous if too long protracted.
Tickle	To please; to gratify; to make joyous.
Tickle	To feel titillation.
Tickle	To excite the sensation of titillation.
Tickle	Ticklish; easily tickled.
Tickle	Liable to change; uncertain; inconstant.
Tickle	Wavering, or liable to waver and fall at the slightest touch; unstable; easily overthrown.
Tickle-footed	Uncertain; inconstant; slippery.
Ticklenburg	A coarse, mixed linen fabric made to be sold in the West Indies.
Tickleness	Unsteadiness.
Tickler	One who, or that which, tickles.
Tickler	Something puzzling or difficult.
Tickler	A book containing a memorandum of notes and debts arranged in the order of their maturity.
Tickler	A prong used by coopers to extract bungs from casks.
Ticklish	Sensible to slight touches; easily tickled; as, the sole of the foot is very ticklish; the hardened palm of the hand is not ticklish.
Ticklish	Standing so as to be liable to totter and fall at the slightest touch; unfixed; easily affected; unstable.
Ticklish	Difficult; nice; critical; as, a ticklish business.
Tickseed	A seed or fruit resembling in shape an insect, as that of certain plants.
Tickseed	Same as Coreopsis.
Tickseed	Any plant of the genus Corispermum, plants of the Goosefoot family.
Ticktack	A noise like that made by a clock or a watch.
Ticktack	A kind of backgammon played both with men and pegs; tricktrack.
Ticktack	With a ticking noise, like that of a watch.
Ticpolonga	A very venomous viper (Daboia Russellii), native of Ceylon and India; -- called also cobra monil.
Tid	Tender; soft; nice; -- now only used in tidbit.
Tidal	Of or pertaining to tides; caused by tides; having tides; periodically rising and falling, or following and ebbing; as, tidal waters.
Tidbit	A delicate or tender piece of anything eatable; a delicious morsel.
Tidde	imp. of Tide, v. i.
Tidder	Alt. of Tiddle
Tiddle	To use with tenderness; to fondle.
Tide	Time; period; season.
Tide	The alternate rising and falling of the waters of the ocean, and of bays, rivers, etc., connected therewith. The tide ebbs and flows twice in each lunar day, or the space of a little more than twenty-four hours. It is occasioned by the attraction of the sun and moon (the influence of the latter being three times that of the former), acting unequally on the waters in different parts of the earth, thus disturbing their equilibrium. A high tide upon one side of the earth is accompanied by a high tide upon the opposite side. Hence, when the sun and moon are in conjunction or opposition, as at new moon and full moon, their action is such as to produce a greater than the usual tide, called the spring tide, as represented in the cut. When the moon is in the first or third quarter, the sun's attraction in part counteracts the effect of the moon's attraction, thus producing under the moon a smaller tide than usual, called the neap tide.
Tide	A stream; current; flood; as, a tide of blood.
Tide	Tendency or direction of causes, influences, or events; course; current.
Tide	Violent confluence.
Tide	The period of twelve hours.
Tide	To cause to float with the tide; to drive or carry with the tide or stream.
Tide	To betide; to happen.
Tide	To pour a tide or flood.
Tide	To work into or out of a river or harbor by drifting with the tide and anchoring when it becomes adverse.
Tided	Affected by the tide; having a tide.
Tideless	Having no tide.
Tide-rode	Swung by the tide when at anchor; -- opposed to wind-rode.
Tidesmen	of Tidesman
Tidesman	A customhouse officer who goes on board of a merchant ship to secure payment of the duties; a tidewaiter.
Tidewaiter	A customhouse officer who watches the landing of goods from merchant vessels, in order to secure payment of duties.
Tideway	Channel in which the tide sets.
Tidife	The blue titmouse.
Tidily	In a tidy manner.
Tidiness	The quality or state of being tidy.
Tiding	Tidings.
Tidings	Account of what has taken place, and was not before known; news.
Tidley	The wren.
Tidley	The goldcrest.
Tidology	A discourse or treatise upon the tides; that part of science which treats of tides.
Tidy	The wren; -- called also tiddy.
Tidy	Being in proper time; timely; seasonable; favorable; as, tidy weather.
Tidy	Arranged in good order; orderly; appropriate; neat; kept in proper and becoming neatness, or habitually keeping things so; as, a tidy lass; their dress is tidy; the apartments are well furnished and tidy.
Tidies	of Tidy
Tidy	A cover, often of tatting, drawn work, or other ornamental work, for the back of a chair, the arms of a sofa, or the like.
Tidy	A child's pinafore.
Tidied	of Tidy
Tidying	of Tidy
Tidy	To put in proper order; to make neat; as, to tidy a room; to tidy one's dress.
Tidy	To make things tidy.
Tidytips	A California composite plant (Layia platyglossa), the flower of which has yellow rays tipped with white.
Ties	of Tie
Tie	A knot; a fastening.
Tie	A bond; an obligation, moral or legal; as, the sacred ties of friendship or of duty; the ties of allegiance.
Tie	A knot of hair, as at the back of a wig.
Tie	An equality in numbers, as of votes, scores, etc., which prevents either party from being victorious; equality in any contest, as a race.
Tie	A beam or rod for holding two parts together; in railways, one of the transverse timbers which support the track and keep it in place.
Tie	A line, usually straight, drawn across the stems of notes, or a curved line written over or under the notes, signifying that they are to be slurred, or closely united in the performance, or that two notes of the same pitch are to be sounded as one; a bind; a ligature.
Tie	Low shoes fastened with lacings.
Tied	of Tie
Tight	of Tie
Tying	of Tie
Tie	To fasten with a band or cord and knot; to bind.
Tie	To form, as a knot, by interlacing or complicating a cord; also, to interlace, or form a knot in; as, to tie a cord to a tree; to knit; to knot.
Tie	To unite firmly; to fasten; to hold.
Tie	To hold or constrain by authority or moral influence, as by knotted cords; to oblige; to constrain; to restrain; to confine.
Tie	To unite, as notes, by a cross line, or by a curved line, or slur, drawn over or under them.
Tie	To make an equal score with, in a contest; to be even with.
Tie	To make a tie; to make an equal score.
Tiebar	A flat bar used as a tie.
Tiebeam	A beam acting as a tie, as at the bottom of a pair of principal rafters, to prevent them from thrusting out the wall. See Illust. of Timbers, under Roof.
Tier	One who, or that which, ties.
Tier	A chold's apron covering the upper part of the body, and tied with tape or cord; a pinafore.
Tier	A row or rank, especially one of two or more rows placed one above, or higher than, another; as, a tier of seats in a theater.
Tierce	A cask whose content is one third of a pipe; that is, forty-two wine gallons; also, a liquid measure of forty-two wine, or thirty-five imperial, gallons.
Tierce	A cask larger than a barrel, and smaller than a hogshead or a puncheon, in which salt provisions, rice, etc., are packed for shipment.
Tierce	The third tone of the scale. See Mediant.
Tierce	A sequence of three playing cards of the same suit. Tierce of ace, king, queen, is called tierce-major.
Tierce	A position in thrusting or parrying in which the wrist and nails are turned downward.
Tierce	The third hour of the day, or nine a. m,; one of the canonical hours; also, the service appointed for that hour.
Tierce	Divided into three equal parts of three different tinctures; -- said of an escutcheon.
Tiercel	Alt. of Tiercelet
Tiercelet	The male of various falcons, esp. of the peregrine; also, the male of the goshawk.
Tierce-major	See Tierce, 4.
Tiercet	A triplet; three lines, or three lines rhyming together.
Tie-rod	A rod used as a tie. See Tie.
Tiers etat	The third estate, or commonalty, in France, answering to the commons in Great Britain; -- so called in distinction from, and as inferior to, the nobles and clergy.
Tietick	The meadow pipit.
Tiewig	A wig having a tie or ties, or one having some of the curls tied up; also, a wig tied upon the head.
Tiff	Liquor; especially, a small draught of liquor.
Tiff	A fit of anger or peevishness; a slight altercation or contention. See Tift.
Tiffed	of Tiff
Tiffing	of Tiff
Tiff	To be in a pet.
Tiff	To deck out; to dress.
Tiffany	A species of gause, or very silk.
Tiffin	A lunch, or slight repast between breakfast and dinner; -- originally, a Provincial English word, but introduced into India, and brought back to England in a special sense.
Tiffish	Inclined to tiffs; peevish; petulant.
Tift	A fit of pettishness, or slight anger; a tiff.
Tig	A game among children. See Tag.
Tig	A capacious, flat-bottomed drinking cup, generally with four handles, formerly used for passing around the table at convivial entertainment.
Tigella	That part of an embryo which represents the young stem; the caulicle or radicle.
Tigelle	Same as Tigella.
Tiger	A very large and powerful carnivore (Felis tigris) native of Southern Asia and the East Indies. Its back and sides are tawny or rufous yellow, transversely striped with black, the tail is ringed with black, the throat and belly are nearly white. When full grown, it equals or exceeds the lion in size and strength. Called also royal tiger, and Bengal tiger.
Tiger	Fig.: A ferocious, bloodthirsty person.
Tiger	A servant in livery, who rides with his master or mistress.
Tiger	A kind of growl or screech, after cheering; as, three cheers and a tiger.
Tiger	A pneumatic box or pan used in refining sugar.
Tiger-eye	A siliceous stone of a yellow color and chatoyant luster, obtained in South Africa and much used for ornament. It is an altered form of the mineral crocidolite. See Crocidolite.
Tiger-foot	Same as Tiger's-foot.
Tiger-footed	Hastening to devour; furious.
Tigerine	Tigerish; tigrine.
Tigerish	Like a tiger; tigrish.
Tiger's-foot	A name given to some species of morning-glory (Ipomoea) having the leaves lobed in pedate fashion.
Tigh	A close, or inclosure; a croft.
Tight	p. p. of Tie.
Tight	Firmly held together; compact; not loose or open; as, tight cloth; a tight knot.
Tight	Close, so as not to admit the passage of a liquid or other fluid; not leaky; as, a tight ship; a tight cask; a tight room; -- often used in this sense as the second member of a compound; as, water-tight; air-tight.
Tight	Fitting close, or too close, to the body; as, a tight coat or other garment.
Tight	Not ragged; whole; neat; tidy.
Tight	Close; parsimonious; saving; as, a man tight in his dealings.
Tight	Not slack or loose; firmly stretched; taut; -- applied to a rope, chain, or the like, extended or stretched out.
Tight	Handy; adroit; brisk.
Tight	Somewhat intoxicated; tipsy.
Tight	Pressing; stringent; not easy; firmly held; dear; -- said of money or the money market.  Cf. Easy, 7.
Tight	To tighten.
Tightened	of Tighten
Tightening	of Tighten
Tighten	To draw tighter; to straiten; to make more close in any manner.
Tightener	That which tightens; specifically (Mach.), a tightening pulley.
Tighter	A ribbon or string used to draw clothes closer.
Tightly	In a tight manner; closely; nearly.
Tightness	The quality or condition of being tight.
Tights	Close-fitting garments, especially for the lower part of the body and the legs.
Tiglic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid, C4H7CO2H (called also methyl crotonic acid), homologous with crotonic acid, and obtained from croton oil (from Croton Tiglium) as a white crystalline substance.
Tigress	The female of the tiger.
Tigrine	Of or pertaining to a tiger; like a tiger.
Tigrine	Resembling the tiger in color; as, the tigrine cat (Felis tigrina) of South America.
Tigrish	Resembling a tiger; tigerish.
Tike	A tick. See 2d Tick.
Tike	A dog; a cur.
Tike	A countryman or clown; a boorish person.
Tikus	The bulau.
Til	See Till.
Tilburies	of Tilbury
Tilbury	A kind of gig or two-wheeled carriage, without a top or cover.
Tilde	The accentual mark placed over n, and sometimes over l, in Spanish words [thus, , /], indicating that, in pronunciation, the sound of the following vowel is to be preceded by that of the initial, or consonantal, y.
Tile	To protect from the intrusion of the uninitiated; as, to tile a Masonic lodge.
Tile	A plate, or thin piece, of baked clay, used for covering the roofs of buildings, for floors, for drains, and often for ornamental mantel works.
Tile	A small slab of marble or other material used for flooring.
Tile	A plate of metal used for roofing.
Tile	A small, flat piece of dried earth or earthenware, used to cover vessels in which metals are fused.
Tile	A draintile.
Tile	A stiff hat.
Tiled	of Tile
Tiling	of Tile
Tile	To cover with tiles; as, to tile a house.
Tile	Fig.: To cover, as if with tiles.
Tile-drain	To drain by means of tiles; to furnish with a tile drain.
Tilefish	A large, edible, deep-water food fish (Lopholatilus chamaeleonticeps) more or less thickly covered with large, round, yellow spots.
Tiler	A man whose occupation is to cover buildings with tiles.
Tiler	A doorkeeper or attendant at a lodge of Freemasons.
Tileries	of Tilery
Tilery	A place where tiles are made or burned; a tile kiln.
Tilestone	A kind of laminated shale or sandstone belonging to some of the layers of the Upper Silurian.
Tilestone	A tile of stone.
Tiliaceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a natural order of plants (Tiliaceae) of which the linden (Tilia) is the type. The order includes many plants which furnish a valuable fiber, as the jute.
Tiling	A surface covered with tiles, or composed of tiles.
Tiling	Tiles, collectively.
Till	A vetch; a tare.
Till	A drawer.
Till	A tray or drawer in a chest.
Till	A money drawer in a shop or store.
Till	A deposit of clay, sand, and gravel, without lamination, formed in a glacier valley by means of the waters derived from the melting glaciers; -- sometimes applied to alluvium of an upper river terrace, when not laminated, and appearing as if formed in the same manner.
Till	A kind of coarse, obdurate land.
Till	To; unto; up to; as far as; until; -- now used only in respect to time, but formerly, also, of place, degree, etc., and still so used in Scotland and in parts of England and Ireland; as, I worked till four o'clock; I will wait till next week.
Till	As far as; up to the place or degree that; especially, up to the time that; that is, to the time specified in the sentence or clause following; until.
Tilled	of Till
Tilling	of Till
Till	To plow and prepare for seed, and to sow, dress, raise crops from, etc., to cultivate; as, to till the earth, a field, a farm.
Till	To prepare; to get.
Till	To cultivate land.
Tillable	Capable of being tilled; fit for the plow; arable.
Tillage	The operation, practice, or art of tilling or preparing land for seed, and keeping the ground in a proper state for the growth of crops.
Tillage	A place tilled or cultivated; cultivated land.
Tillandsia	A genus of epiphytic endogenous plants found in the Southern United States and in tropical America. Tillandsia usneoides, called long moss, black moss, Spanish moss, and Florida moss, has a very slender pendulous branching stem, and forms great hanging tufts on the branches of trees. It is often used for stuffing mattresses.
Tiller	One who tills; a husbandman; a cultivator; a plowman.
Tiller	A shoot of a plant, springing from the root or bottom of the original stalk; a sucker.
Tiller	A sprout or young tree that springs from a root or stump.
Tiller	A young timber tree.
Tillered	of Tiller
Tillering	of Tiller
Tiller	To put forth new shoots from the root, or round the bottom of the original stalk; as, wheat or rye tillers; some spread plants by tillering.
Tiller	A lever of wood or metal fitted to the rudder head and used for turning side to side in steering. In small boats hand power is used; in large vessels, the tiller is moved by means of mechanical appliances. See Illust. of Rudder.  Cf. 2d Helm, 1.
Tiller	The stalk, or handle, of a crossbow; also, sometimes, the bow itself.
Tiller	The handle of anything.
Tiller	A small drawer; a till.
Tilley	Alt. of Tilley seed
Tilley seed	The seeds of a small tree (Croton Pavana) common in the Malay Archipelago. These seeds furnish croton oil, like those of Croton Tiglium.
Tillmen	of Tillman
Tillman	A man who tills the earth; a husbandman.
Tillodont	One of the Tillodontia.
Tillodontia	An extinct group of Mammalia found fossil in the Eocene formation. The species are related to the carnivores, ungulates, and rodents. Called also Tillodonta.
Tillet	A bag made of thin glazed muslin, used as a wrapper for dress goods.
Tillow	See 3d Tiller.
Tilly-vally	A word of unknown origin and signification, formerly used as expressive of contempt, or when anything said was reject as trifling or impertinent.
Tilmus	Floccillation.
Tilt	A covering overhead; especially, a tent.
Tilt	The cloth covering of a cart or a wagon.
Tilt	A cloth cover of a boat; a small canopy or awning extended over the sternsheets of a boat.
Tilted	of Tilt
Tilting	of Tilt
Tilt	To cover with a tilt, or awning.
Tilt	To incline; to tip; to raise one end of for discharging liquor; as, to tilt a barrel.
Tilt	To point or thrust, as a lance.
Tilt	To point or thrust a weapon at.
Tilt	To hammer or forge with a tilt hammer; as, to tilt steel in order to render it more ductile.
Tilt	To run or ride, and thrust with a lance; to practice the military game or exercise of thrusting with a lance, as a combatant on horseback; to joust; also, figuratively, to engage in any combat or movement resembling that of horsemen tilting with lances.
Tilt	To lean; to fall partly over; to tip.
Tilt	A thrust, as with a lance.
Tilt	A military exercise on horseback, in which the combatants attacked each other with lances; a tournament.
Tilt	See Tilt hammer, in the Vocabulary.
Tilt	Inclination forward; as, the tilt of a cask.
Tilter	One who tilts, or jousts; hence, one who fights.
Tilter	One who operates a tilt hammer.
Tilth	The state of being tilled, or prepared for a crop; culture; as, land is good tilth.
Tilth	That which is tilled; tillage ground.
Tilt hammer	A tilted hammer; a heavy hammer, used in iron works, which is lifted or tilted by projections or wipers on a revolving shaft; a trip hammer.
Tilting	The act of one who tilts; a tilt.
Tilting	The process by which blister steel is rendered ductile by being forged with a tilt hammer.
Tilt-mill	A mill where a tilt hammer is used, or where the process of tilting is carried on.
Til tree	See Teil.
Tilt-up	Same as Tip-up.
Tilt-yard	A yard or place for tilting.
Timal	The blue titmouse.
Timaline	Of or pertaining to the genus Timalus or family Timalidae, which includes the babblers thrushes, and bulbuls.
Timbal	A kettledrum. See Tymbal.
Timber	A certain quantity of fur skins, as of martens, ermines, sables, etc., packed between boards; being in some cases forty skins, in others one hundred and twenty; -- called also timmer.
Timber	The crest on a coat of arms.
Timber	To surmount as a timber does.
Timber	That sort of wood which is proper for buildings or for tools, utensils, furniture, carriages, fences, ships, and the like; -- usually said of felled trees, but sometimes of those standing.  Cf. Lumber, 3.
Timber	The body, stem, or trunk of a tree.
Timber	Fig.: Material for any structure.
Timber	A single piece or squared stick of wood intended for building, or already framed; collectively, the larger pieces or sticks of wood, forming the framework of a house, ship, or other structure, in distinction from the covering or boarding.
Timber	Woods or forest; wooden land.
Timber	A rib, or a curving piece of wood, branching outward from the keel and bending upward in a vertical direction. One timber is composed of several pieces united.
Timbered	of Timber
Timbering	of Timber
Timber	To furnish with timber; -- chiefly used in the past participle.
Timber	To light on a tree.
Timber	To make a nest.
Timbered	Furnished with timber; -- often compounded; as, a well-timbered house; a low-timbered house.
Timbered	Built; formed; contrived.
Timbered	Massive, like timber.
Timbered	Covered with growth timber; wooden; as, well-timbered land.
Timberhead	The top end of a timber, rising above the gunwale, and serving for belaying ropes, etc.; -- called also kevel head.
Timbering	The act of furnishing with timber; also, timbers, collectively; timberwork; timber.
Timberling	A small tree.
Timbermen	of Timberman
Timberman	A man employed in placing supports of timber in a mine.
Timberwork	Work made of timbers.
Timbre	See 1st Timber.
Timbre	The crest on a coat of arms.
Timbre	The quality or tone distinguishing voices or instruments; tone color; clang tint; as, the timbre of the voice; the timbre of a violin.  See Tone, and Partial tones, under Partial.
Timbrel	A kind of drum, tabor, or tabret, in use from the highest antiquity.
Timbreled	Alt. of Timbrelled
Timbrelled	Sung to the sound of the timbrel.
Timburine	A tambourine.
Times	of Time
Time	Duration, considered independently of any system of measurement or any employment of terms which designate limited portions thereof.
Time	A particular period or part of duration, whether past, present, or future; a point or portion of duration; as, the time was, or has been; the time is, or will be.
Time	The period at which any definite event occurred, or person lived; age; period; era; as, the Spanish Armada was destroyed in the time of Queen Elizabeth; -- often in the plural; as, ancient times; modern times.
Time	The duration of one's life; the hours and days which a person has at his disposal.
Time	A proper time; a season; an opportunity.
Time	Hour of travail, delivery, or parturition.
Time	Performance or occurrence of an action or event, considered with reference to repetition; addition of a number to itself; repetition; as, to double cloth four times; four times four, or sixteen.
Time	The present life; existence in this world as contrasted with immortal life; definite, as contrasted with infinite, duration.
Time	Tense.
Time	The measured duration of sounds; measure; tempo; rate of movement; rhythmical division; as, common or triple time; the musician keeps good time.
Timed	of Time
Timing	of Time
Time	To appoint the time for; to bring, begin, or perform at the proper season or time; as, he timed his appearance rightly.
Time	To regulate as to time; to accompany, or agree with, in time of movement.
Time	To ascertain or record the time, duration, or rate of; as, to time the speed of horses, or hours for workmen.
Time	To measure, as in music or harmony.
Time	To keep or beat time; to proceed or move in time.
Time	To pass time; to delay.
Timeful	Seasonable; timely; sufficiently early.
Time-honored	Honored for a long time; venerable, and worthy of honor, by reason of antiquity, or long continuance.
Timekeeper	A clock, watch, or other chronometer; a timepiece.
Timekeeper	A person who keeps, marks, regulates, or determines the time.
Timekeeper	A person who keeps a record of the time spent by workmen at their work.
Timekeeper	One who gives the time for the departure of conveyances.
Timekeeper	One who marks the time in musical performances.
Timekeeper	One appointed to mark and declare the time of participants in races or other contests.
Timeless	Done at an improper time; unseasonable; untimely.
Timeless	Done or occurring before the proper time; premature; immature; as, a timeless grave.
Timeless	Having no end; interminable; unending.
Timelessly	In a timeless manner; unseasonably.
Timeliness	The quality or state of being timely; seasonableness; opportuneness.
Timeling	A timeserver.
Timely	Being or occurring in good time; sufficiently early; seasonable.
Timely	Keeping time or measure.
Timely	Early; soon; in good season.
Timenoguy	A rope carried taut between or over obstacles likely to engage or foul the running rigging in working a ship.
Timeous	Timely; seasonable.
Timepiece	A clock, watch, or other instrument, to measure or show the progress of time; a chronometer.
Timepleaser	One who complies with prevailing opinions, whatever they may be; a timeserver.
Timer	A timekeeper; especially, a watch by which small intervals of time can be measured; a kind of stop watch. It is used for timing the speed of horses, machinery, etc.
Timesaving	Saving time; as, a timesaving expedient.
Timeserver	One who adapts his opinions and manners to the times; one who obsequiously compiles with the ruling power; -- now used only in a bad sense.
Timeserving	Obsequiously complying with the spirit of the times, or the humors of those in power.
Timeserving	An obsequious compliance with the spirit of the times, or the humors of those in power, which implies a surrender of one's independence, and sometimes of one's integrity.
Time-table	A tabular statement of the time at which, or within which, several things are to take place, as the recitations in a school, the departure and arrival of railroad trains or other public conveyances, the rise and fall of the tides, etc.
Time-table	A plane surface divided in one direction with lines representing hours and minutes, and in the other with lines representing miles, and having diagonals (usually movable strings) representing the speed and position of various trains.
Time-table	A table showing the notation, length, or duration of the several notes.
Timid	Wanting courage to meet danger; easily frightened; timorous; not bold; fearful; shy.
Timidity	The quality or state of being timid; timorousness; timidness.
Timidous	Timid.
Timist	A performer who keeps good time.
Timist	A timeserver.
Timmer	Same as 1st Timber.
Timocracy	A state in which the love of honor is the ruling motive.
Timocracy	A state in which honors are distributed according to a rating of property.
Timocratic	Belonging to, or constituted by, timocracy.
Timoneer	A helmsman.
Timorous	Fearful of danger; timid; deficient in courage.
Timorous	Indicating, or caused by, fear; as, timorous doubts.
Timorsome	Easily frightened; timorous.
Timothy	Alt. of Timothy grass
Timothy grass	A kind of grass (Phleum pratense) with long cylindrical spikes; -- called also herd's grass, in England, cat's-tail grass, and meadow cat's-tail grass. It is much prized for fodder. See Illustration in Appendix.
Timous	Timely; seasonable.
Timpani	of Timpano
Timpano	See Tympano.
Tim-whiskey	A kind of carriage. See Whiskey.
Tin	An elementary substance found as an oxide in the mineral cassiterite, and reduced as a soft white crystalline metal, malleable at ordinary temperatures, but brittle when heated. It is not easily oxidized in the air, and is used chiefly to coat iron to protect it from rusting, in the form of tin foil with mercury to form the reflective surface of mirrors, and in solder, bronze, speculum metal, and other alloys. Its compounds are designated as stannous, or stannic. Symbol Sn (Stannum). Atomic weight 117.4.
Tin	Thin plates of iron covered with tin; tin plate.
Tin	Money.
Tinned	of Tin
Tinning	of Tin
Tin	To cover with tin or tinned iron, or to overlay with tin foil.
Tinamides	A division of struthious birds, including the tinamous.
Tinamou	Any one of several species of South American birds belonging to Tinamus and allied genera.
Tincal	Crude native borax, formerly imported from Thibet. It was once the chief source of boric compounds.  Cf. Borax.
Tinchel	A circle of sportsmen, who, by surrounding an extensive space and gradually closing in, bring a number of deer and game within a narrow compass.
Tinct	Tined; tinged.
Tinct	Color; tinge; tincture; tint.
Tinct	To color or stain; to imblue; to tint.
Tinctorial	Of or relating to color or colors; imparting a color; as, tinctorial matter.
Tincture	A tinge or shade of color; a tint; as, a tincture of red.
Tincture	One of the metals, colors, or furs used in armory.
Tincture	The finer and more volatile parts of a substance, separated by a solvent; an extract of a part of the substance of a body communicated to the solvent.
Tincture	A solution (commonly colored) of medicinal substance in alcohol, usually more or less diluted; spirit containing medicinal substances in solution.
Tincture	A slight taste superadded to any substance; as, a tincture of orange peel.
Tincture	A slight quality added to anything; a tinge; as, a tincture of French manners.
Tinctured	of Tincture
Tincturing	of Tincture
Tincture	To communicate a slight foreign color to; to tinge; to impregnate with some extraneous matter.
Tincture	To imbue the mind of; to communicate a portion of anything foreign to; to tinge.
Tind	To kindle.
Tindal	A petty officer among lascars, or native East Indian sailors; a boatswain's mate; a cockswain.
Tindal	An attendant on an army.
Tinder	Something very inflammable, used for kindling fire from a spark, as scorched linen.
Tine	Trouble; distress; teen.
Tine	To kindle; to set on fire.
Tine	To kindle; to rage; to smart.
Tine	To shut in, or inclose.
Tine	A tooth, or spike, as of a fork; a prong, as of an antler.
Tinea	A name applied to various skin diseases, but especially to ringworm. See Ringworm, and Sycosis.
Tinea	A genus of small Lepidoptera, including the clothes moths and carpet moths.
Tinean	Any species of Tinea, or of the family Tineidae, which includes numerous small moths, many of which are injurious to woolen and fur goods and to cultivated plants. Also used adjectively.
Tined	Furnished with tines; as, a three-tined fork.
Tineid	Same as Tinean.
Tinemen	of Tineman
Tineman	An officer of the forest who had the care of vert and venison by night.
Tinet	Brushwood and thorns for making and repairing hedges.
Ting	A sharp sound, as of a bell; a tinkling.
Ting	To sound or ring, as a bell; to tinkle.
Ting	The apartment in a Chinese temple where the idol is kept.
Tinged	of Tinge
Tingeing	of Tinge
Tinge	To imbue or impregnate with something different or foreign; as, to tinge a decoction with a bitter taste; to affect in some degree with the qualities of another substance, either by mixture, or by application to the surface; especially, to color slightly; to stain; as, to tinge a blue color with red; an infusion tinged with a yellow color by saffron.
Tinge	A degree, usually a slight degree, of some color, taste, or something foreign, infused into another substance or mixture, or added to it; tincture; color; dye; hue; shade; taste.
Tingent	Having the power to tinge.
Tinger	One who, or that which, tinges.
Tingid	Of or pertaining to the genus Tingis.
Tingis	A genus of small hemipterous insects which injure trees by sucking the sap from the leaves. See Illustration in Appendix.
Tingled	of Tingle
Tingling	of Tingle
Tingle	To feel a kind of thrilling sensation, as in hearing a shrill sound.
Tingle	To feel a sharp, thrilling pain.
Tingle	To have, or to cause, a sharp, thrilling sensation, or a slight pricking sensation.
Tink	To make a sharp, shrill noise; to tinkle.
Tink	A sharp, quick sound; a tinkle.
Tinker	A mender of brass kettles, pans, and other metal ware.
Tinker	One skilled in a variety of small mechanical work.
Tinker	A small mortar on the end of a staff.
Tinker	A young mackerel about two years old.
Tinker	The chub mackerel.
Tinker	The silversides.
Tinker	A skate.
Tinker	The razor-billed auk.
Tinkered	of Tinker
Tinkering	of Tinker
Tinker	To mend or solder, as metal wares; hence, more generally, to mend.
Tinker	To busy one's self in mending old kettles, pans, etc.; to play the tinker; to be occupied with small mechanical works.
Tinkering	The act or work of a tinker.
Tinkerly	After the manner of a tinker.
Tinkershire	Alt. of Tinkle
Tinkle	The common guillemot.
Tinkle	To make, or give forth, small, quick, sharp sounds, as a piece of metal does when struck; to clink.
Tinkle	To hear, or resound with, a small, sharp sound.
Tinkled	of Tinkle
Tinkling	of Tinkle
Tinkle	To cause to clonk, or make small, sharp, quick sounds.
Tinkle	A small, sharp, quick sound, as that made by striking metal.
Tinkler	A tinker.
Tinkling	A tinkle, or succession of tinkles.
Tinkling	A grackle (Quiscalus crassirostris) native of Jamaica. It often associates with domestic cattle, and rids them of insects.
Tinmen	of Tinman
Tinman	A manufacturer of tin vessels; a dealer in tinware.
Tinmouth	The crappie.
Tinned	Covered, or plated, with tin; as, a tinned roof; tinned iron.
Tinned	Packed in tin cases; canned; as, tinned meats.
Tinnen	Made or consisting of tin.
Tinner	One who works in a tin mine.
Tinner	One who makes, or works in, tinware; a tinman.
Tinnient	Emitting a clear sound.
Tinning	The act, art, or process of covering or coating anything with melted tin, or with tin foil, as kitchen utensils, locks, and the like.
Tinning	The covering or lining of tin thus put on.
Tinnitus	A ringing, whistling, or other imaginary noise perceived in the ears; -- called also tinnitus aurium.
Tinnock	The blue titmouse.
Tinny	Pertaining to, abounding with, or resembling, tin.
Tinsel	A shining material used for ornamental purposes; especially, a very thin, gauzelike cloth with much gold or silver woven into it; also, very thin metal overlaid with a thin coating of gold or silver, brass foil, or the like.
Tinsel	Something shining and gaudy; something superficially shining and showy, or having a false luster, and more gay than valuable.
Tinsel	Showy to excess; gaudy; specious; superficial.
Tinseled	of Tinsel
Tinselled	of Tinsel
Tinseling	of Tinsel
Tinselling	of Tinsel
Tinsel	To adorn with tinsel; to deck out with cheap but showy ornaments; to make gaudy.
Tinselly	Like tinsel; gaudy; showy, but cheap.
Tinselly	In a showy and cheap manner.
Tinsmith	One who works in tin; a tinner.
Tinstone	Cassiterite.
Tint	A slight coloring.
Tint	A pale or faint tinge of any color.
Tint	A color considered with reference to other very similar colors; as, red and blue are different colors, but two shades of scarlet are different tints.
Tint	A shaded effect produced by the juxtaposition of many fine parallel lines.
Tinted	of Tint
Tinting	of Tint
Tint	To give a slight coloring to; to tinge.
Tintamar	A hideous or confused noise; an uproar.
Tinternell	A certain old dance.
Tintle	The wren.
Tintinnabular	Alt. of Tintinnabulary
Tintinnabulary	Having or making the sound of a bell; tinkling.
Tintinnabulation	A tinkling sound, as of a bell or bells.
Tintinnabulous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, the tinkling of a bell; having a tinkling sound; tintinnabular.
Tinto	A red Madeira wine, wanting the high aroma of the white sorts, and, when old, resembling tawny port.
Tintype	Same as Ferrotype.
Tinware	Articles made of tinned iron.
Tiny	Very small; little; puny.
Tip	The point or extremity of anything; a pointed or somewhat sharply rounded end; the end; as, the tip of the finger; the tip of a spear.
Tip	An end piece or part; a piece, as a cap, nozzle, ferrule, or point, applied to the extreme end of anything; as, a tip for an umbrella, a shoe, a gas burner, etc.
Tip	A piece of stiffened lining pasted on the inside of a hat crown.
Tip	A thin, boarded brush made of camel's hair, used by gilders in lifting gold leaf.
Tip	Rubbish thrown from a quarry.
Tipped	of Tip
Tipping	of Tip
Tip	To form a point upon; to cover the tip, top, or end of; as, to tip anything with gold or silver.
Tip	To strike slightly; to tap.
Tip	To bestow a gift, or douceur, upon; to give a present to; as, to tip a servant.
Tip	To lower one end of, or to throw upon the end; to tilt; as, to tip a cask; to tip a cart.
Tip	To fall on, or incline to, one side.
Tip	A light touch or blow; a tap.
Tip	A gift; a douceur; a fee.
Tip	A hint, or secret intimation, as to the chances in a horse race, or the like.
Tipcart	A cart so constructed that the body can be easily tipped, in order to dump the load.
Tipcat	A game in which a small piece of wood pointed at both ends, called a cat, is tipped, or struck with a stick or bat, so as to fly into the air.
Tipper	A kind of ale brewed with brackish water obtained from a particular well; -- so called from the first brewer of it, one Thomas Tipper.
Tippet	A cape, or scarflike garment for covering the neck, or the neck and shoulders, -- usually made of fur, cloth, or other warm material.
Tippet	A length of twisted hair or gut in a fish line.
Tippet	A handful of straw bound together at one end, and used for thatching.
Tipping	A distinct articulation given in playing quick notes on the flute, by striking the tongue against the roof of the mouth; double-tonguing.
Tippled	of Tipple
Tippling	of Tipple
Tipple	To drink spirituous or strong liquors habitually; to indulge in the frequent and improper used of spirituous liquors; especially, to drink frequently in small quantities, but without absolute drunkeness.
Tipple	To drink, as strong liquors, frequently or in excess.
Tipple	To put up in bundles in order to dry, as hay.
Tipple	Liquor taken in tippling; drink.
Tippled	Intoxicated; inebriated; tipsy; drunk.
Tippler	One who keeps a tippling-house.
Tippler	One who habitually indulges in the excessive use of spirituous liquors, whether he becomes intoxicated or not.
Tippling-house	A house in which liquors are sold in drams or small quantities, to be drunk on the premises.
Tipsify	To make tipsy.
Tipsily	In a tipsy manner; like one tipsy.
Tipsiness	The state of being tipsy.
Tipstaff	of Tipstaff
Tipstaff	A staff tipped with metal.
Tipstaff	An officer who bears a staff tipped with metal; a constable.
Tipsy	Being under the influence of strong drink; rendered weak or foolish by liquor, but not absolutely or completely drunk; fuddled; intoxicated.
Tipsy	Staggering, as if from intoxication; reeling.
Tiptoes	of Tiptoe
Tiptoe	The end, or tip, of the toe.
Tiptoe	Being on tiptoe, or as on tiptoe; hence, raised as high as possible; lifted up; exalted; also, alert.
Tiptoe	Noiseless; stealthy.
Tiptoe	To step or walk on tiptoe.
Tiptop	The highest or utmost degree; the best of anything.
Tiptop	Very excellent; most excellent; perfect.
Tipulae	of Tipula
Tipulas	of Tipula
Tipula	Any one of many species of long-legged dipterous insects belonging to Tipula and allied genera. They have long and slender bodies. See Crane fly, under Crane.
Tipulary	Of or pertaining to the tipulas.
Tip-up	The spotted sandpiper; -- called also teeter-tail. See under Sandpiper.
Tirade	A declamatory strain or flight of censure or abuse; a rambling invective; an oration or harangue abounding in censorious and bitter language.
Tirailleur	Formerly, a member of an independent body of marksmen in the French army. They were used sometimes in front of the army to annoy the enemy, sometimes in the rear to check his pursuit. The term is now applied to all troops acting as skirmishers.
Tire	A tier, row, or rank. See Tier.
Tire	Attire; apparel.
Tire	A covering for the head; a headdress.
Tire	A child's apron, covering the breast and having no sleeves; a pinafore; a tier.
Tire	Furniture; apparatus; equipment.
Tire	A hoop or band, as of metal, on the circumference of the wheel of a vehicle, to impart strength and receive the wear.
Tire	To adorn; to attire; to dress.
Tire	To seize, pull, and tear prey, as a hawk does.
Tire	To seize, rend, or tear something as prey; to be fixed upon, or engaged with, anything.
Tired	of Tire
Tiring	of Tire
Tire	To become weary; to be fatigued; to have the strength fail; to have the patience exhausted; as, a feeble person soon tires.
Tire	To exhaust the strength of, as by toil or labor; to exhaust the patience of; to wear out (one's interest, attention, or the like); to weary; to fatigue; to jade.
Tired	Weary; fatigued; exhausted.
Tiredness	The state of being tired, or weary.
Tireless	Untiring.
Tireling	Tired; fatigued.
Tiresome	Fitted or tending to tire; exhausted; wearisome; fatiguing; tedious; as, a tiresome journey; a tiresome discourse.
Tire-women	of Tire-woman
Tire-woman	A lady's maid.
Tire-woman	A dresser in a theater.
Tiring-house	A tiring-room.
Tiring-room	The room or place where players dress for the stage.
Tirma	The oyster catcher.
Tiro	Same as Tyro.
T iron	See under T.
Tironian	Of or pertaining to Tiro, or a system of shorthand said to have been introduced by him into ancient Rome.
Tirralirra	A verbal imitation of a musical sound, as of the note of a lark or a horn.
Tirrit	A word from the vocabulary of Mrs. Quickly, the hostess in Shakespeare's Henry IV., probably meaning terror.
Tirwit	The lapwing.
'T is	A common contraction of it is.
Tisane	See Ptisan.
Tisar	The fireplace at the side of an annealing oven.
Tisic	Alt. of Tisical
Tisical	Consumptive, phthisical.
Tisic	Consumption; phthisis. See Phthisis.
Tisicky	Consumptive, phthisical.
Tisri	The seventh month of the Jewish ecclesiastical year, answering to a part of September with a part of October.
Tissue	A woven fabric.
Tissue	A fine transparent silk stuff, used for veils, etc.; specifically, cloth interwoven with gold or silver threads, or embossed with figures.
Tissue	One of the elementary materials or fibres, having a uniform structure and a specialized function, of which ordinary animals and plants are composed; a texture; as, epithelial tissue; connective tissue.
Tissue	Fig.: Web; texture; complicated fabrication; connected series; as, a tissue of forgeries, or of falsehood.
Tissued	of Tissue
Tissuing	of Tissue
Tissue	To form tissue of; to interweave.
Tissued	Clothed in, or adorned with, tissue; also, variegated; as, tissued flowers.
Tit	A small horse.
Tit	A woman; -- used in contempt.
Tit	A morsel; a bit.
Tit	Any one of numerous species of small singing birds belonging to the families Paridae and Leiotrichidae; a titmouse.
Tit	The European meadow pipit; a titlark.
Titan	Titanic.
Titanate	A salt of titanic acid.
Titanic	Of or relating to Titans, or fabled giants of ancient mythology; hence, enormous in size or strength; as, Titanic structures.
Titanic	Of or pertaining to titanium; derived from, or containing, titanium; specifically, designating those compounds of titanium in which it has a higher valence as contrasted with the titanous compounds.
Titaniferous	Containing or affording titanium; as, titaniferous magnetite.
Titanite	See Sphene.
Titanitic	Pertaining to, or containing, titanium; as, a titanitic mineral.
Titanium	An elementary substance found combined in the minerals manaccanite, rutile, sphene, etc., and isolated as an infusible iron-gray amorphous powder, having a metallic luster. It burns when heated in the air. Symbol Ti. Atomic weight 48.1.
Titano-	A combining form (also used adjectively) designating certain double compounds of titanium with some other elements; as, titano-cyanide, titano-fluoride, titano-silicate, etc.
Titanotherium	A large American Miocene mammal, allied to the rhinoceros, and more nearly to the extinct Brontotherium.
Titanous	Designating certain compounds of titanium in which that element has a lower valence as contrasted with titanic compounds.
Titbit	Same as Tidbit.
Tith	Tight; nimble.
Tithable	Subject to the payment of tithes; as, tithable lands.
Tithe	A tenth; the tenth part of anything; specifically, the tenthpart of the increase arising from the profits of land and stock, allotted to the clergy for their support, as in England, or devoted to religious or charitable uses. Almost all the tithes of England and Wales are commuted by law into rent charges.
Tithe	Hence, a small part or proportion.
Tithe	Tenth.
Tithed	of Tithe
Tithing	of Tithe
Tithe	To levy a tenth part on; to tax to the amount of a tenth; to pay tithes on.
Tithe	Tp pay tithes.
Tither	One who collects tithes.
Tither	One who pays tithes.
Tithing	The act of levying or taking tithes; that which is taken as tithe; a tithe.
Tithing	A number or company of ten householders who, dwelling near each other, were sureties or frankpledges to the king for the good behavior of each other; a decennary.
Tithingmen	of Tithingman
Tithingman	The chief man of a tithing; a headborough; one elected to preside over the tithing.
Tithingman	A peace officer; an under constable.
Tithingman	A parish officer elected annually to preserve good order in the church during divine service, to make complaint of any disorderly conduct, and to enforce the observance of the Sabbath.
Tithly	Tightly; nimbly.
Tithonic	Of, pertaining to, or denoting, those rays of light which produce chemical effects; actinic.
Tithonicity	The state or property of being tithonic; actinism.
Tithonographic	Of, relating to, or produced by, the chemical action of rays of light; photographic.
Tithonometer	An instrument or apparatus for measuring or detecting tithonicity; an actinometer.
Tithymal	Any kind of spurge, esp. Euphorbia Cyparissias.
Titi	Same as Teetee.
Titillated	of Titillate
Titillating	of Titillate
Titillate	To tickle; as, to titillate the nose with a feather.
Titillation	The act of tickling, or the state of being tickled; a tickling sensation.
Titillation	Any pleasurable sensation.
Titillative	Tending or serving to titillate, or tickle; tickling.
Titlark	Any one of numerous small spring birds belonging to Anthus, Corydalla, and allied genera, which resemble the true larks in color and in having a very long hind claw; especially, the European meadow pipit (Anthus pratensis).
Title	An inscription put over or upon anything as a name by which it is known.
Title	The inscription in the beginning of a book, usually containing the subject of the work, the author's and publisher's names, the date, etc.
Title	The panel for the name, between the bands of the back of a book.
Title	A section or division of a subject, as of a law, a book, specif. (Roman & Canon Laws), a chapter or division of a law book.
Title	An appellation of dignity, distinction, or preeminence (hereditary or acquired), given to persons, as duke marquis, honorable, esquire, etc.
Title	A name; an appellation; a designation.
Title	That which constitutes a just cause of exclusive possession; that which is the foundation of ownership of property, real or personal; a right; as, a good title to an estate, or an imperfect title.
Title	The instrument which is evidence of a right.
Title	That by which a beneficiary holds a benefice.
Title	A church to which a priest was ordained, and where he was to reside.
Titled	of Title
Titling	of Title
Title	To call by a title; to name; to entitle.
Titled	Having or bearing a title.
Titleless	Not having a title or name; without legitimate title.
Title-page	The page of a book which contains it title.
Titler	A large truncated cone of refined sugar.
Titling	The hedge sparrow; -- called also titlene. Its nest often chosen by the cuckoo as a place for depositing its own eggs.
Titling	The meadow pipit.
Titling	Stockfish; -- formerly so called in customhouses.
Titmal	The blue titmouse.
Titmice	of Titmouse
Titmouse	Any one of numerous species of small insectivorous singing birds belonging to Parus and allied genera; -- called also tit, and tomtit.
Titrated	of Titrate
Titrating	of Titrate
Titrate	To analyse, or determine the strength of, by means of standard solutions.  Cf. Standardized solution, under Solution.
Titrated	Standardized; determined or analyzed by titration; as, titrated solutions.
Titration	The act or process of titrating; a substance obtained by titrating.
Tittered	of Titter
Tittering	of Titter
Titter	To laugh with the tongue striking against the root of the upper teeth; to laugh with restraint, or without much noise; to giggle.
Titter	A restrained laugh.
Titter	To seesaw. See Teeter.
Titterel	The whimbrel.
Titter-totter	See Teeter.
Tittimouse	Titmouse.
Tittle	A particle; a minute part; a jot; an iota.
Tittlebat	The three-spined stickleback.
Tittle-tattle	Idle, trifling talk; empty prattle.
Tittle-tattle	An idle, trifling talker; a gossip.
Tittle-tattle	To talk idly; to prate.
Tittle-tattling	The act or habit of parting idly or gossiping.
Titty	A little teat; a nipple.
Titubate	To stumble.
Titubate	To rock or roll, as a curved body on a plane.
Titubation	The act of stumbling, rocking, or rolling; a reeling.
Titular	Existing in title or name only; nominal; having the title to an office or dignity without discharging its appropriate duties; as, a titular prince.
Titular	A titulary.
Titularity	The quality or state of being titular.
Titularly	In a titular manner; nominally; by title only.
Titularies	of Titulary
Titulary	A person invested with a title, in virtue of which he holds an office or benefice, whether he performs the duties of it or not.
Titulary	Consisting in a title; titular.
Titulary	Of or pertaining to a title.
Tituled	Having a title.
Tiver	A kind of ocher which is used in some parts of England in marking sheep.
Tiver	To mark with tiver.
Tivy	With great speed; -- a huntsman's word or sound.
Tiza	See Ulexite.
Tmesis	The separation of the parts of a compound word by the intervention of one or more words; as, in what place soever, for whatsoever place.
To-	An obsolete intensive prefix used in the formation of compound verbs; as in to-beat, to-break, to-hew, to-rend, to-tear. See these words in the Vocabulary. See the Note on All to, or All-to, under All, adv.
To	The preposition to primarily indicates approach and arrival, motion made in the direction of a place or thing and attaining it, access; and also, motion or tendency without arrival; movement toward; -- opposed to from.
To	Hence, it indicates motion, course, or tendency toward a time, a state or condition, an aim, or anything capable of being regarded as a limit to a tendency, movement, or action; as, he is going to a trade; he is rising to wealth and honor.
To	In a very general way, and with innumerable varieties of application, to connects transitive verbs with their remoter or indirect object, and adjectives, nouns, and neuter or passive verbs with a following noun which limits their action. Its sphere verges upon that of for, but it contains less the idea of design or appropriation; as, these remarks were addressed to a large audience; let us keep this seat to ourselves; a substance sweet to the taste; an event painful to the mind; duty to God and to our parents; a dislike to spirituous liquor.
To	As sign of the infinitive, to had originally the use of last defined, governing the infinitive as a verbal noun, and connecting it as indirect object with a preceding verb or adjective; thus, ready to go, i.e., ready unto going; good to eat, i.e., good for eating; I do my utmost to lead my life pleasantly. But it has come to be the almost constant prefix to the infinitive, even in situations where it has no prepositional meaning, as where the infinitive is direct object or subject; thus, I love to learn, i.e., I love learning; to die for one's country is noble, i.e., the dying for one's country. Where the infinitive denotes the design or purpose, good usage formerly allowed the prefixing of for to the to; as, what went ye out for see? (Matt. xi. 8).
To	In many phrases, and in connection with many other words, to has a pregnant meaning, or is used elliptically.
To	Extent; limit; degree of comprehension; inclusion as far as; as, they met us to the number of three hundred.
To	Effect; end; consequence; as, the prince was flattered to his ruin; he engaged in a war to his cost; violent factions exist to the prejudice of the state.
To	Apposition; connection; antithesis; opposition; as, they engaged hand to hand.
To	Accord; adaptation; as, an occupation to his taste; she has a husband to her mind.
To	Comparison; as, three is to nine as nine is to twenty-seven; it is ten to one that you will offend him.
To	Addition; union; accumulation.
To	Accompaniment; as, she sang to his guitar; they danced to the music of a piano.
To	Character; condition of being; purpose subserved or office filled.
Toad	Any one of numerous species of batrachians belonging to the genus Bufo and allied genera, especially those of the family Bufonidae. Toads are generally terrestrial in their habits except during the breeding season, when they seek the water. Most of the species burrow beneath the earth in the daytime and come forth to feed on insects at night. Most toads have a rough, warty skin in which are glands that secrete an acrid fluid.
Toadeater	A fawning, obsequious parasite; a mean sycophant; a flatterer; a toady.
Toadfish	Any marine fish of the genus Batrachus, having a large, thick head and a wide mouth, and bearing some resemblance to a toad. The American species (Batrachus tau) is very common in shallow water. Called also oyster fish, and sapo.
Toadfish	The angler.
Toadfish	A swellfish.
Toadflax	An herb (Linaria vulgaris) of the Figwort family, having narrow leaves and showy orange and yellow flowers; -- called also butter and eggs, flaxweed, and ramsted.
Toadhead	The golden plover.
Toadish	Like a toad.
Toadlet	A small toad.
Toadstone	A local name for the igneous rocks of Derbyshire, England; -- said by some to be derived from the German todter stein, meaning dead stone, that is, stone which contains no ores.
Toadstone	Bufonite, formerly regarded as a precious stone, and worn as a jewel. See Bufonite.
Toadstool	A name given to many umbrella-shaped fungi, mostly of the genus Agaricus. The species are almost numberless. They grow on decaying organic matter.
Toadies	of Toady
Toady	A mean flatterer; a toadeater; a sycophant.
Toady	A coarse, rustic woman.
Toadied	of Toady
Toadying	of Toady
Toady	To fawn upon with mean sycophancy.
Toadyism	The practice of meanly fawning on another; base sycophancy; servile adulation.
Toasted	of Toast
Toasting	of Toast
Toast	To dry and brown by the heat of a fire; as, to toast bread.
Toast	To warm thoroughly; as, to toast the feet.
Toast	To name when a health is proposed to be drunk; to drink to the health, or in honor, of; as, to toast a lady.
Toast	Bread dried and browned before a fire, usually in slices; also, a kind of food prepared by putting slices of toasted bread into milk, gravy, etc.
Toast	A lady in honor of whom persons or a company are invited to drink; -- so called because toasts were formerly put into the liquor, as a great delicacy.
Toast	Hence, any person, especially a person of distinction, in honor of whom a health is drunk; hence, also, anything so commemorated; a sentiment, as "The land we live in,"  "The day we celebrate," etc.
Toaster	One who toasts.
Toaster	A kitchen utensil for toasting bread, cheese, etc.
Toasting	a. & n. from Toast, v.
Toastmaster	A person who presides at a public dinner or banquet, and announces the toasts.
Toat	The handle of a joiner's plane.
Tobacco	An American plant (Nicotiana Tabacum) of the Nightshade family, much used for smoking and chewing, and as snuff. As a medicine, it is narcotic, emetic, and cathartic. Tobacco has a strong, peculiar smell, and an acrid taste.
Tobacco	The leaves of the plant prepared for smoking, chewing, etc., by being dried, cured, and manufactured in various ways.
Tobacconing	Smoking tobacco.
Tobacconist	A dealer in tobacco; also, a manufacturer of tobacco.
Tobacconist	A smoker of tobacco.
To-beat	To beat thoroughly or severely.
Tobias fish	The lant, or sand eel.
Tobine	A stout twilled silk used for dresses.
Tobit	A book of the Apocrypha.
Toboggan	A kind of sledge made of pliable board, turned up at one or both ends, used for coasting down hills or prepared inclined planes; also, a sleigh or sledge, to be drawn by dogs, or by hand, over soft and deep snow.
Tobogganed	of Toboggan
Tobogganing	of Toboggan
Toboggan	To slide down hill over the snow or ice on a toboggan.
Tobogganer	Alt. of Tobogganist
Tobogganist	One who practices tobogganing.
To-break	To break completely; to break in pieces.
To-brest	To burst or break in pieces.
Toccata	An old form of piece for the organ or harpsichord, somewhat in the free and brilliant style of the prelude, fantasia, or capriccio.
Tocher	Dowry brought by a bride to her husband.
Tockay	A spotted lizard native of India.
Toco	A toucan (Ramphastos toco) having a very large beak. See Illust. under Toucan.
Tocology	The science of obstetrics, or midwifery; that department of medicine which treats of parturition.
Tocororo	A cuban trogon (Priotelus temnurus) having a serrated bill and a tail concave at the end.
Tocsin	An alarm bell, or the ringing of a bell for the purpose of alarm.
Tod	A bush; a thick shrub; a bushy clump.
Tod	An old weight used in weighing wool, being usually twenty-eight pounds.
Tod	A fox; -- probably so named from its bushy tail.
Tod	To weigh; to yield in tods.
To-day	On this day; on the present day.
To-day	The present day.
Toddled	of Toddle
Toddling	of Toddle
Toddle	To walk with short, tottering steps, as a child.
Toddle	A toddling walk.
Toddler	One who toddles; especially, a young child.
Toddy	A juice drawn from various kinds of palms in the East Indies; or, a spirituous liquor procured from it by fermentation.
Toddy	A mixture of spirit and hot water sweetened.
To-do	Bustle; stir; commotion; ado.
Tody	Any one of several species of small insectivorous West Indian birds of the genus Todus. They are allied to the kingfishers.
Toe	One of the terminal members, or digits, of the foot of a man or an animal.
Toe	The fore part of the hoof or foot of an animal.
Toe	Anything, or any part, corresponding to the toe of the foot; as, the toe of a boot; the toe of a skate.
Toe	The journal, or pivot, at the lower end of a revolving shaft or spindle, which rests in a step.
Toe	A lateral projection at one end, or between the ends, of a piece, as a rod or bolt, by means of which it is moved.
Toe	A projection from the periphery of a revolving piece, acting as a cam to lift another piece.
Toed	of Toe
Toeing	of Toe
Toe	To touch or reach with the toes; to come fully up to; as, to toe the mark.
Toe	To hold or carry the toes (in a certain way).
Toed	Having (such or so many) toes; -- chiefly used in composition; as, narrow-toed, four-toed.
Toed	Having the end secured by nails driven obliquely, said of a board, plank, or joist serving as a brace, and in general of any part of a frame secured to other parts by diagonal nailing.
To-fall	A lean-to. See Lean-to.
Toffee	Alt. of Toffy
Toffy	Taffy.
Tofore	Alt. of Toforn
Toforn	Before.
Toft	A knoll or hill.
Toft	A grove of trees; also, a plain.
Toft	A place where a messuage has once stood; the site of a burnt or decayed house.
Toftmen	of Toftman
Toftman	The owner of a toft. See Toft, 3.
Tofus	Tophus.
Tofus	Tufa. See under Tufa, and Toph.
Togas	of Toga
Togae	of Toga
Toga	The loose outer garment worn by the ancient Romans, consisting of a single broad piece of woolen cloth of a shape approaching a semicircle. It was of undyed wool, except the border of the toga praetexta.
Togated	Dressed in a toga or gown; wearing a gown; gowned.
Toged	Togated.
Together	In company or association with respect to place or time; as, to live together in one house; to live together in the same age; they walked together to the town.
Together	In or into union; into junction; as, to sew, knit, or fasten two things together; to mix things together.
Together	In concert; with mutual cooperation; as, the allies made war upon France together.
Toggery	Clothes; garments; dress; as, fishing toggery.
Toggle	A wooden pin tapering toward both ends with a groove around its middle, fixed transversely in the eye of a rope to be secured to any other loop or bight or ring; a kind of button or frog capable of being readily engaged and disengaged for temporary purposes.
Toggle	Two rods or plates connected by a toggle joint.
Toght	Taut.
Togider	Alt. of Togidres
Togidres	Together.
Togue	The namaycush.
Tohew	To hew in pieces.
Toil	A net or snare; any thread, web, or string spread for taking prey; -- usually in the plural.
Toiled	of Toil
Toiling	of Toil
Toil	To exert strength with pain and fatigue of body or mind, especially of the body, with efforts of some continuance or duration; to labor; to work.
Toil	To weary; to overlabor.
Toil	To labor; to work; -- often with out.
Toil	Labor with pain and fatigue; labor that oppresses the body or mind, esp. the body.
Toiler	One who toils, or labors painfully.
Toilet	A covering of linen, silk, or tapestry, spread over a table in a chamber or a dressing room.
Toilet	A dressing table.
Toilet	Act or mode of dressing, or that which is arranged in dressing; attire; dress; as, her toilet is perfect.
Toilette	See Toilet, 3.
Toilful	Producing or involving much toil; laborious; toilsome; as, toilful care.
Toilinette	A cloth, the weft of which is of woolen yarn, and the warp of cotton and silk, -- used for waistcoats.
Toilless	Free from toil.
Toilsome	Attended with toil, or fatigue and pain; laborious; wearisome; as, toilsome work.
Toise	An old measure of length in France, containing six French feet, or about 6.3946 French feet.
Tokay	A grape of an oval shape and whitish color.
Tokay	A rich Hungarian wine made from Tokay grapes.
Token	Something intended or supposed to represent or indicate another thing or an event; a sign; a symbol; as, the rainbow is a token of God's covenant established with Noah.
Token	A memorial of friendship; something by which the friendship of another person is to be kept in mind; a memento; a souvenir.
Token	Something given or shown as a symbol or guarantee of authority or right; a sign of authenticity, of power, good faith, etc.
Token	A piece of metal intended for currency, and issued by a private party, usually bearing the name of the issuer, and redeemable in lawful money. Also, a coin issued by government, esp. when its use as lawful money is limited and its intrinsic value is much below its nominal value.
Token	A livid spot upon the body, indicating, or supposed to indicate, the approach of death.
Token	Ten and a half quires, or, commonly, 250 sheets, of paper printed on both sides; also, in some cases, the same number of sheets printed on one side, or half the number printed on both sides.
Token	A piece of metal given beforehand to each person in the congregation who is permitted to partake of the Lord's Supper.
Token	A bit of leather having a peculiar mark designating a particular miner. Each hewer sends one of these with each corf or tub he has hewn.
Tokened	of Token
Tokening	of Token
Token	To betoken.
Tokened	Marked by tokens, or spots; as, the tokened pestilence.
Tokenless	Without a token.
Tokin	A tocsin.
Tol	To take away. See Toll.
Tola	A weight of British India. The standard tola is equal to 180 grains.
Tolane	A hydrocarbon, C14H10, related both to the acetylene and the aromatic series, and produced artificially as a white crystalline substance; -- called also diphenyl acetylene.
Tolbooth	See Tollbooth.
Told	imp. & p. p. of Tell.
Toled	of Tole
Toling	of Tole
Tole	To draw, or cause to follow, by displaying something pleasing or desirable; to allure by some bait.
Toledo	A sword or sword blade made at Toledo in Spain, which city was famous in the 16th and 17th centuries for the excellence of its weapons.
Tolerabolity	The quality or state of being tolerable.
Tolerable	Capable of being borne or endured; supportable, either physically or mentally.
Tolerable	Moderately good or agreeable; not contemptible; not very excellent or pleasing, but such as can be borne or received without disgust, resentment, or opposition; passable; as, a tolerable administration; a tolerable entertainment; a tolerable translation.
Tolerance	The power or capacity of enduring; the act of enduring; endurance.
Tolerance	The endurance of the presence or actions of objectionable persons, or of the expression of offensive opinions; toleration.
Tolerance	The power possessed or acquired by some persons of bearing doses of medicine which in ordinary cases would prove injurious or fatal.
Tolerant	Inclined to tolerate; favoring toleration; forbearing; indulgent.
Tolerated	of Tolerate
Tolerating	of Tolerate
Tolerate	To suffer to be, or to be done, without prohibition or hindrance; to allow or permit negatively, by not preventing; not to restrain; to put up with; as, to tolerate doubtful practices.
Toleration	The act of tolerating; the allowance of that which is not wholly approved.
Toleration	Specifically, the allowance of religious opinions and modes of worship in a state when contrary to, or different from, those of the established church or belief.
Toleration	Hence, freedom from bigotry and severity in judgment of the opinions or belief of others, especially in respect to religious matters.
Toll	To take away; to vacate; to annul.
Toll	To draw; to entice; to allure. See Tole.
Toll	To cause to sound, as a bell, with strokes slowly and uniformly repeated; as, to toll the funeral bell.
Toll	To strike, or to indicate by striking, as the hour; to ring a toll for; as, to toll a departed friend.
Toll	To call, summon, or notify, by tolling or ringing.
Tolled	of Toll
Tolling	of Toll
Toll	To sound or ring, as a bell, with strokes uniformly repeated at intervals, as at funerals, or in calling assemblies, or to announce the death of a person.
Toll	The sound of a bell produced by strokes slowly and uniformly repeated.
Toll	A tax paid for some liberty or privilege, particularly for the privilege of passing over a bridge or on a highway, or for that of vending goods in a fair, market, or the like.
Toll	A liberty to buy and sell within the bounds of a manor.
Toll	A portion of grain taken by a miller as a compensation for grinding.
Toll	To pay toll or tallage.
Toll	To take toll; to raise a tax.
Toll	To collect, as a toll.
Tollable	Subject to the payment of toll; as, tollable goods.
Tollage	Payment of toll; also, the amount or quantity paid as toll.
Tollbooth	A place where goods are weighed to ascertain the duties or toll.
Tollbooth	In Scotland, a burgh jail; hence, any prison, especially a town jail.
Tollbooth	To imprison in a tollbooth.
Toller	A toll gatherer.
Toller	One who tolls a bell.
Tolletane	Of or pertaining to Toledo in Spain; made in Toledo.
Tollgate	A gate where toll is taken.
Tollhouses	of Tollhouse
Tollhouse	A house occupied by a receiver of tolls.
Tollmen	of Tollman
Tollman	One who receives or collects toll; a toll gatherer.
Tolmen	See Dolmen.
Tolsester	A toll or tribute of a sextary of ale, paid to the lords of some manors by their tenants, for liberty to brew and sell ale.
Tolsey	A tollbooth; also, a merchants' meeting place, or exchange.
Tolt	A writ by which a cause pending in a court baron was removed into a country court.
Toltec	One of a race which formerly occupied Mexico.
Tolu	A fragrant balsam said to have been first brought from Santiago de Tolu, in New Granada. See Balsam of Tolu, under Balsam.
Toluate	A salt of any one of the toluic acids.
Toluene	A hydrocarbon, C6H5.CH3, of the aromatic series, homologous with benzene, and obtained as a light mobile colorless liquid, by distilling tolu balsam, coal tar, etc.; -- called also methyl benzene, phenyl methane, etc.
Toluenyl	Tolyl.
Toluic	Pertaining to, or designating, one of three metameric acids, CH3.C6H4.CO2H, which are related to toluene and analogous to benzoic acids. They are white crystalline substances, and are called respectively orthotoluic acid, metatoluic acid, and paratoluic acid.
Toluid	A complex double tolyl and toluidine derivative of glycocoll, obtained as a white crystalline substance.
Toluidine	Any one of three metameric amido derivatives of toluene analogous to aniline, and called respectively orthtoluidine, metatoluidine, and paratoluidine; especially, the commonest one, or paratoluidine, which is obtained as a white crystalline substance.
Toluol	Alt. of Toluole
Toluole	Same as Toluene.
Toluric	Of, pertaining to, or designating, any one of three isomeric crystalline acids, C9H10ON.CO2H, which are toluyl derivatives of glycocoll.
Tolutation	A pacing or ambling.
Toluyl	Any one of the three hypothetical radicals corresponding to the three toluic acids.
Toluylene	Same as Stilbene.
Toluylene	Sometimes, but less properly, tolylene.
Tolyl	The hydrocarbon radical, CH3.C6H4, regarded as characteristic of certain compounds of the aromatic series related to toluene; as, tolyl carbinol.
Tolylene	A hydrocarbon radical, C6H4.(CH2)2, regarded as characteristic of certain toluene derivatives.
Tolypeutine	The apar.
Tom	The knave of trumps at gleek.
Tomahawk	A kind of war hatchet used by the American Indians. It was originally made of stone, but afterwards of iron.
Tomahawked	of Tomahawk
Tomahawking	of Tomahawk
Tomahawk	To cut, strike, or kill, with a tomahawk.
Tomaley	The liver of the lobster, which becomes green when boiled; -- called also tomalline.
Toman	A money of account in Persia, whose value varies greatly at different times and places. Its average value may be reckoned at about two and a half dollars.
Tomatoes	of Tomato
Tomato	The fruit of a plant of the Nightshade family (Lycopersicum esculentun); also, the plant itself. The fruit, which is called also love apple, is usually of a rounded, flattened form, but often irregular in shape. It is of a bright red or yellow color, and is eaten either cooked or uncooked.
Tomb	A pit in which the dead body of a human being is deposited; a grave; a sepulcher.
Tomb	A house or vault, formed wholly or partly in the earth, with walls and a roof, for the reception of the dead.
Tomb	A monument erected to inclose the body and preserve the name and memory of the dead.
Tombed	of Tomb
Tombing	of Tomb
Tomb	To place in a tomb; to bury; to inter; to entomb.
Tombac	An alloy of copper and zinc, resembling brass, and containing about 84 per cent of copper; -- called also German, / Dutch, brass. It is very malleable and ductile, and when beaten into thin leaves is sometimes called Dutch metal. The addition of arsenic makes white tombac.
Tombester	A female dancer.
Tombless	Destitute of a tomb.
Tomboy	A romping girl; a hoiden.
Tombstone	A stone erected over a grave, to preserve the memory of the deceased.
Tomcat	A male cat, especially when full grown or of large size.
Tomcod	A small edible American fish (Microgadus tomcod) of the Codfish family, very abundant in autumn on the Atlantic coast of the Northen United States; -- called also frostfish. See Illust. under Frostfish.
Tomcod	The kingfish. See Kingfish (a).
Tomcod	The jack. See 2d Jack, 8. (c).
Tome	As many writings as are bound in a volume, forming part of a larger work; a book; -- usually applied to a ponderous volume.
Tomelet	All small tome, or volume.
Tomentose	Covered with matted woolly hairs; as, a tomentose leaf; a tomentose leaf; a tomentose membrane.
Tometous	Tomentose.
Tomenta	of Tomentum
Tomentum	The closely matted hair or downy nap covering the leaves or stems of some plants.
Tomfool	A great fool; a trifler.
Tomfoolery	Folly; trifling.
Tomia	of Tomium
Tomium	The cutting edge of the bill of a bird.
Tomjohn	A kind of open sedan used in Ceylon, carried by a single pole on men's shoulders.
Tommy	Bread, -- generally a penny roll; the supply of food carried by workmen as their daily allowance.
Tommy	A truck, or barter; the exchange of labor for goods, not money.
Tomnoddy	A sea bird, the puffin.
Tomnoddy	A fool; a dunce; a noddy.
Tomopteris	A genus of transparent marine annelids which swim actively at the surface of the sea. They have deeply divided or forked finlike organs (parapodia). This genus is the type of the order, or suborder, Gymnocopa.
Tomorn	To-morrow.
Tomorrow	On the day after the present day; on the next day; on the morrow.
Tomorrow	The day after the present; the morrow.
Tompion	A stopper of a cannon or a musket. See Tampion.
Tompion	A plug in a flute or an organ pipe, to modulate the tone.
Tompion	The iron bottom to which grapeshot are fixed.
Tompon	An inking pad used in lithographic printing.
Tomrig	A rude, wild, wanton girl; a hoiden; a tomboy.
Tomtit	A titmouse, esp. the blue titmouse.
Tomtit	The wren.
Tom-tom	See Tam-tam.
Ton	pl. of Toe.
Ton	The common tunny, or house mackerel.
Ton	The prevailing fashion or mode; vogue; as, things of ton.
Ton	A measure of weight or quantity.
Ton	The weight of twenty hundredweight.
Ton	Forty cubic feet of space, being the unit of measurement of the burden, or carrying capacity, of a vessel; as a vessel of 300 tons burden.
Ton	A certain weight or quantity of merchandise, with reference to transportation as freight; as, six hundred weight of ship bread in casks, seven hundred weight in bags, eight hundred weight in bulk; ten bushels of potatoes; eight sacks, or ten barrels, of flour; forty cubic feet of rough, or fifty cubic feet of hewn, timber, etc.
Tonality	The principle of key in music; the character which a composition has by virtue of the key in which it is written, or through the family relationship of all its tones and chords to the keynote, or tonic, of the whole.
To-name	A name added, for the sake of distinction, to one's surname, or used instead of it.
Tonca bean	See Tonka bean.
Tone	Sound, or the character of a sound, or a sound considered as of this or that character; as, a low, high, loud, grave, acute, sweet, or harsh tone.
Tone	Accent, or inflection or modulation of the voice, as adapted to express emotion or passion.
Tone	A whining style of speaking; a kind of mournful or artificial strain of voice; an affected speaking with a measured rhythm ahd a regular rise and fall of the voice; as, children often read with a tone.
Tone	A sound considered as to pitch; as, the seven tones of the octave; she has good high tones.
Tone	The larger kind of interval between contiguous sounds in the diatonic scale, the smaller being called a semitone as, a whole tone too flat; raise it a tone.
Tone	The peculiar quality of sound in any voice or instrument; as, a rich tone, a reedy tone.
Tone	A mode or tune or plain chant; as, the Gregorian tones.
Tone	That state of a body, or of any of its organs or parts, in which the animal functions are healthy and performed with due vigor.
Tone	Tonicity; as, arterial tone.
Tone	State of mind; temper; mood.
Tone	Tenor; character; spirit; drift; as, the tone of his remarks was commendatory.
Tone	General or prevailing character or style, as of morals, manners, or sentiment, in reference to a scale of high and low; as, a low tone of morals; a tone of elevated sentiment; a courtly tone of manners.
Tone	The general effect of a picture produced by the combination of light and shade, together with color in the case of a painting; -- commonly used in a favorable sense; as, this picture has tone.
Toned	of Tone
Toning	of Tone
Tone	To utter with an affected tone.
Tone	To give tone, or a particular tone, to; to tune. See Tune, v. t.
Tone	To bring, as a print, to a certain required shade of color, as by chemical treatment.
Toned	Having (such) a tone; -- chiefly used in composition; as, high-toned; sweet-toned.
Toneless	Having no tone; unmusical.
Tong	Alt. of Tonge
Tonge	Tongue.
Tonga	A drug useful in neuralgia, derived from a Fijian plant supposed to be of the aroid genus Epipremnum.
Tongkang	A kind of boat or junk used in the seas of the Malay Archipelago.
Tongo	The mangrove; -- so called in the Pacific Islands.
Tongs	An instrument, usually of metal, consisting of two parts, or long shafts, jointed together at or near one end, or united by an elastic bow, used for handling things, especially hot coals or metals; -- often called a pair of tongs.
Tongue	an organ situated in the floor of the mouth of most vertebrates and connected with the hyoid arch.
Tongue	The power of articulate utterance; speech.
Tongue	Discourse; fluency of speech or expression.
Tongue	Honorable discourse; eulogy.
Tongue	A language; the whole sum of words used by a particular nation; as, the English tongue.
Tongue	Speech; words or declarations only; -- opposed to thoughts or actions.
Tongue	A people having a distinct language.
Tongue	The lingual ribbon, or odontophore, of a mollusk.
Tongue	The proboscis of a moth or a butterfly.
Tongue	The lingua of an insect.
Tongue	Any small sole.
Tongue	That which is considered as resembing an animal's tongue, in position or form.
Tongue	A projection, or slender appendage or fixture; as, the tongue of a buckle, or of a balance.
Tongue	A projection on the side, as of a board, which fits into a groove.
Tongue	A point, or long, narrow strip of land, projecting from the mainland into a sea or a lake.
Tongue	The pole of a vehicle; especially, the pole of an ox cart, to the end of which the oxen are yoked.
Tongue	The clapper of a bell.
Tongue	A short piece of rope spliced into the upper part of standing backstays, etc.; also. the upper main piece of a mast composed of several pieces.
Tongue	Same as Reed, n., 5.
Tongued	of Tongue
Tonguing	of Tongue
Tongue	To speak; to utter.
Tongue	To chide; to scold.
Tongue	To modulate or modify with the tongue, as notes, in playing the flute and some other wind instruments.
Tongue	To join means of a tongue and grove; as, to tongue boards together.
Tongue	To talk; to prate.
Tongue	To use the tongue in forming the notes, as in playing the flute and some other wind instruments.
Tonguebird	The wryneck. 
Tongued	Having a tongue.
Tonguefish	A flounder (Symphurus plagiusa) native of the southern coast of the United States.
Tongueless	Having no tongue.
Tongueless	Hence, speechless; mute.
Tongueless	Unnamed; not spoken of.
Tonguelet	A little tongue.
Tongue-pad	A great talker.
Tongue-shaped	Shaped like a tongue; specifically (Bot.), linear or oblong, and fleshy, blunt at the end, and convex beneath; as, a tongue-shaped leaf.
Tongue-shell	Any species of Lingula.
Tonguester	One who uses his tongue; a talker; a story-teller; a gossip.
Tongue-tie	Impeded motion of the tongue because of the shortness of the fraenum, or of the adhesion of its margins to the gums.
Tongue-tie	To deprive of speech or the power of speech, or of distinct articulation.
Tongue-tied	Destitute of the power of distinct articulation; having an impediment in the speech, esp. when caused by a short fraenum.
Tongue-tied	Unable to speak freely, from whatever cause.
Tongueworm	Any species of Linguatulina.
Tonguy	Ready or voluble in speaking; as, a tonguy speaker.
Tonic	Of or relating to tones or sounds; specifically (Phon.), applied to, or distingshing, a speech sound made with tone unmixed and undimmed by obstruction, such sounds, namely, the vowels and diphthongs, being so called by Dr. James Rush (1833) " from their forming the purest and most plastic material of intonation."
Tonic	Of or pertaining to tension; increasing tension; hence, increasing strength; as, tonic power.
Tonic	Increasing strength, or the tone of the animal system; obviating the effects of debility, and restoring healthy functions.
Tonic	A tonic element or letter; a vowel or a diphthong.
Tonic	The key tone, or first tone of any scale.
Tonic	A medicine that increases the strength, and gives vigor of action to the system.
Tonical	Tonic.
Tonicity	The state of healthy tension or partial contraction of muscle fibers while at rest; tone; tonus.
Tonight	On this present or coming night.
Tonight	On the last night past.
Tonight	The present or the coming night; the night after the present day.
Tonite	An explosive compound; a preparation of gun cotton.
Tonka bean	The seed of a leguminous tree (Dipteryx odorata), native of Guiana. It has a peculiarly agreeable smell, and is employed in the scenting of snuff. Called also tonquin bean.
Tonnage	The weight of goods carried in a boat or a ship.
Tonnage	The cubical content or burden of a vessel, or vessels, in tons; or, the amount of weight which one or several vessels may carry. See Ton, n. (b).
Tonnage	A duty or impost on vessels, estimated per ton, or, a duty, toll, or rate payable on goods per ton transported on canals.
Tonnage	The whole amount of shipping estimated by tons; as, the tonnage of the United States. See Ton.
Tonne	A tun.
Tonnihood	The female of the bullfinch; -- called also tonyhoop.
Tonnish	In the ton; fashionable; modish.
Tonometer	An instrument for determining the rate of vibrations in tones.
Tonometer	An apparatus for studying and registering the action of various fluids and drugs on the excised heart of lower animals.
Tonometer	An instrument for measuring tension, esp. that of the eyeball.
Tonometry	The act of measuring with a tonometer;
Tonometry	measurement of tension, esp. the tension of the eyeball.
Tonophant	A modification of the kaleidophon, for showing composition of acoustic vibrations. It consists of two thin slips of steel welded together, their length being adjystable by a screw socket.
Tonous	Abounding in tone or sound.
Tonquin bean	See Tonka bean.
Tonsil	One of the two glandular organs situated in the throat at the sides of the fauces. The tonsils are sometimes called the almonds, from their shape.
Tonsilar	Of or pertaining to the tonsils; tonsilitic.
Tonsile	Capable of being clipped.
Tonsilitic	Tonsilar.
Tonsilitis	Inflammation of the tonsil; quinsy.
Tonsilotome	An instrument for removing the tonsils.
Tonsilotomy	The operation of removing the tonsil, or a portion thereof.
Tonsor	A barber.
Tonsorial	Of or pertaining to a barber, or shaving.
Tonsure	The act of clipping the hair, or of shaving the crown of the head; also, the state of being shorn.
Tonsure	The first ceremony used for devoting a person to the service of God and the church; the first degree of the clericate, given by a bishop, abbot, or cardinal priest, consisting in cutting off the hair from a circular space at the back of the head, with prayers and benedictions; hence, entrance or admission into minor orders.
Tonsure	The shaven corona, or crown, which priests wear as a mark of their order and of their rank.
Tonsured	Having the tonsure; shaven; shorn; clipped; hence, bald.
Tontine	An annuity, with the benefit of survivorship, or a loan raised on life annuities with the benefit of survivorship. Thus, an annuity is shared among a number, on the principle that the share of each, at his death, is enjoyed by the survivors, until at last the whole goes to the last survivor, or to the last two or three, according to the terms on which the money is advanced. Used also adjectively; as, tontine insurance.
Tonus	Tonicity, or tone; as, muscular tonus.
Tonies	of Tony
Tony	A simpleton.
Too	Over; more than enough; -- noting excess; as, a thing is too long, too short, or too wide; too high; too many; too much.
Too	Likewise; also; in addition.
Took	imp. of Take.
Tool	An instrument such as a hammer, saw, plane, file, and the like, used in the manual arts, to facilitate mechanical operations; any instrument used by a craftsman or laborer at his work; an implement; as, the tools of a joiner, smith, shoe-maker, etc.; also, a cutter, chisel, or other part of an instrument or machine that dresses work.
Tool	A machine for cutting or shaping materials; -- also called machine tool.
Tool	Hence, any instrument of use or service.
Tool	A weapon.
Tool	A person used as an instrument by another person; -- a word of reproach; as, men of intrigue have their tools, by whose agency they accomplish their purposes.
tooled	of Tool
tooling	of Tool
Tool	To shape, form, or finish with a tool.
Tool	To drive, as a coach.
Tooling	Work performed with a tool.
Tool-post	Alt. of Tool-stock
Tool-stock	The part of a tool-rest in which a cutting tool is clamped.
Tool-rest	the part that supports a tool-post or a tool.
Toom	Empty.
Toom	To empty.
Toon	pl. of Toe.
Toon	The reddish brown wood of an East Indian tree (Cedrela Toona) closely resembling the Spanish cedar; also. the tree itself.
Toonwood	Same as Toon.
Toot	To stand out, or be prominent.
Toot	To peep; to look narrowly.
Toot	To see; to spy.
Tooted	of Toot
Tooting	of Toot
Toot	To blow or sound a horn; to make similar noise by contact of the tongue with the root of the upper teeth at the beginning and end of the sound; also, to give forth such a sound, as a horn when blown.
Toot	To cause to sound, as a horn, the note being modified at the beginning and end as if by pronouncing the letter t; to blow; to sound.
Tooter	One who toots; one who plays upon a pipe or horn.
Teeth	of Tooth
Tooth	One of the hard, bony appendages which are borne on the jaws, or on other bones in the walls of the mouth or pharynx of most vertebrates, and which usually aid in the prehension and mastication of food.
Tooth	Fig.: Taste; palate.
Tooth	Any projection corresponding to the tooth of an animal, in shape, position, or office; as, the teeth, or cogs, of a cogwheel; a tooth, prong, or tine, of a fork; a tooth, or the teeth, of a rake, a saw, a file, a card.
Tooth	A projecting member resembling a tenon, but fitting into a mortise that is only sunk, not pierced through.
Tooth	One of several steps, or offsets, in a tusk. See Tusk.
Tooth	An angular or prominence on any edge; as, a tooth on the scale of a fish, or on a leaf of a plant
Tooth	one of the appendages at the mouth of the capsule of a moss. See Peristome.
Tooth	Any hard calcareous or chitinous organ found in the mouth of various invertebrates and used in feeding or procuring food; as, the teeth of a mollusk or a starfish.
Toothed	of Tooth
Toothing	of Tooth
Tooth	To furnish with teeth.
Tooth	To indent; to jag; as, to tooth a saw.
Tooth	To lock into each other. See Tooth, n., 4.
Toothache	Pain in a tooth or in the teeth; odontalgia.
Toothback	Any notodontian.
Toothbill	A peculiar fruit-eating ground pigeon (Didunculus strigiostris) native of the Samoan Islands, and noted for its resemblance, in several characteristics, to the extinct dodo. Its beak is stout and strongly hooked, and the mandible has two or three strong teeth toward the end.  Its color is chocolate red. Called also toothbilled pigeon, and manu-mea.
Toothbrush	A brush for cleaning the teeth.
Toothdrawer	One whose business it is to extract teeth with instruments; a dentist.
Toothed	Having teeth; furnished with teeth.
Toothed	Having marginal projecting points; dentate.
Toothful	Toothsome.
Toothing	The act or process of indenting or furnishing with teeth.
Toothing	Bricks alternately projecting at the end of a wall, in order that they may be bonded into a continuation of it when the remainder is carried up.
Toothless	Having no teeth.
Toothlet	A little tooth, or like projection.
Toothleted	Having a toothlet or toothlets; as, a toothleted leaf.
Toothpick	A pointed instument for clearing the teeth of substances lodged between them.
Toothpicker	A toothpick.
Toothshell	Any species of Dentalium and allied genera having a tooth-shaped shell. See Dentalium.
Toothsome	Grateful to the taste; palatable.
Toothwort	A plant whose roots are fancied to resemble teeth, as certain plants of the genus Lathraea, and various species of Dentaria. See Coralwort.
Toothy	Toothed; with teeth.
Toozoo	The ringdove.
Top	A child's toy, commonly in the form of a conoid or pear, made to spin on its point, usually by drawing off a string wound round its surface or stem, the motion being sometimes continued by means of a whip.
Top	A plug, or conical block of wood, with longitudital grooves on its surface, in which the strands of the rope slide in the process of twisting.
Top	The highest part of anything; the upper end, edge, or extremity; the upper side or surface; summit; apex; vertex; cover; lid; as, the top of a spire; the top of a house; the top of a mountain; the top of the ground.
Top	The utmost degree; the acme; the summit.
Top	The highest rank; the most honorable position; the utmost attainable place; as, to be at the top of one's class, or at the top of the school.
Top	The chief person; the most prominent one.
Top	The crown of the head, or the hair upon it; the head.
Top	The head, or upper part, of a plant.
Top	A platform surrounding the head of the lower mast and projecting on all sudes. It serves to spead the topmast rigging, thus strengheningthe mast, and also furnishes a convenient standing place for the men aloft.
Top	A bundle or ball of slivers of comkbed wool, from which the noils, or dust, have been taken out.
Top	Eve; verge; point.
Top	The part of a cut gem between the girdle, or circumference, and the table, or flat upper surface.
Top	Top-boots.
Topped	of Top
Topping	of Top
Top	To rise aloft; to be eminent; to tower; as, lofty ridges and topping mountains.
Top	To predominate; as, topping passions.
Top	To excel; to rise above others.
Top	To cover on the top; to tip; to cap; -- chiefly used in the past participle.
Top	To rise above; to excel; to outgo; to surpass.
Top	To rise to the top of; to go over the top of.
Top	To take off the or upper part of; to crop.
Top	To perform eminently, or better than before.
Top	To raise one end of, as a yard, so that that end becomes higher than the other.
Toparch	The ruler or principal man in a place or country; the governor of a toparchy.
Toparchies	of Toparchy
Toparchy	A small state, consisting of a few cities or towns; a petty country governed by a toparch; as, Judea was formerly divided into ten toparchies.
Top-armor	A top railing supported by stanchions and equipped with netting.
Topau	The rhinocerous bird (a).
Topaz	A mineral occurring in rhombic prisms, generally yellowish and pellucid, also colorless, and of greenesh, bluish, or brownish shades. It sometimes occurs massive and opaque. It is a fluosilicate of alumina, and is used as a gem.
Topaz	Either one of two species of large, brilliantly colored humming birds of the Topaza, of South America and the West Indies.
Topazolite	A topaz-yellow variety of garnet.
Top-block	A large ironbound block strapped with a hook, and, when used, hung to an eyebolt in the cap, -- used in swaying and lowering the topmast.
Top-boots	High boots, having generally a band of some kind of light-colored leather around the upper part of the leg; riding boots.
Top-chain	A chain for slinging the lower yards, in time of action, to prevent their falling, if the ropes by which they are hung are shot away.
Top-cloth	A piece of canvas used to cover the hammocks which are lashed to the top in action to protect the topmen.
Topcoat	An outer coat; an overcoat.
Top-drain	To drain the surface of, as land; as, to top-drain a field or farm.
Top-draining	The act or practice of drining the surface of land.
Top-dressed	of Top-dress
Top-dressing	of Top-dress
Top-dress	To apply a surface dressing of manureto,as land.
Top-dressing	The act of applying a dressing of manure to the surface of land; also, manure so applied.
Tope	A moundlike Buddhist sepulcher, or memorial monument, often erected over a Buddhist relic.
Tope	A grove or clump of trees; as, a toddy tope.
Tope	A small shark or dogfish (Galeorhinus, / Galeus, galeus), native of Europe, but found also on the coasts of California and Tasmania; -- called also toper, oil shark, miller's dog, and penny dog.
Tope	The wren.
Toped	of Tope
Toping	of Tope
Tope	To drink hard or frequently; to drink strong or spiritous liquors to excess.
Toper	One who topes, or drinks frequently or to excess; a drunkard; a sot.
Topet	The European crested titmouse.
Topful	Full to the top, ore brim; brimfull.
Topgallant	Situated above the topmast and below the royal mast; designatb, or pertaining to, the third spars in order from the deck; as, the topgallant mast, yards, braces, and the like. See Illustration of Ship.
Topgallant	Fig.: Highest; elevated; splendid.
Topgallant	A topgallant mast or sail.
Topgallant	Fig.: Anything elevated or splendid.
Toph	kind of sandstone.
Tophaceous	Gritty; sandy; rough; stony.
Top-hamper	The upper rigging, spars, etc., of a ship.
Top-heavy	Having the top or upper part too heavy for the lower part.
Tophet	A place lying east or southeast of Jerusalem, in the valley of Hinnom.
Tophin	Same as Toph.
Tophi	of Tophus
Tophus	One of the mineral concretions about the joints, and in other situations, occurring chiefly in gouty persons. They consist usually of urate of sodium; when occurring in the internal organs they are also composed of phosphate of calcium.
Tophus	Calcareous tufa.
Topiarian	Of or pertaining to the ornamental cutting and trimming of trees, hedges, etc.; practicing ornamental gardening.
Topiary	Of or pertaining to ornamental gardening; produced by cutting, trimming, etc.; topiarian.
Topic	One of the various general forms of argument employed in probable as distinguished from demonstrative reasoning, -- denominated by Aristotle to`poi (literally, places), as being the places or sources from which arguments may be derived, or to which they may be referred; also, a prepared form of argument, applicable to a great variety of cases, with a supply of which the ancient rhetoricians and orators provided themselves; a commonplace of argument or oratory.
Topic	A treatise on forms of argument; a system or scheme of forms or commonplaces of argument or oratory; as, the Topics of Aristotle.
Topic	An argument or reason.
Topic	The subject of any distinct portion of a discourse, or argument, or literary composition; also, the general or main subject of the whole; a matter treated of; a subject, as of conversation or of thought; a matter; a point; a head.
Topic	An external local application or remedy, as a plaster, a blister, etc.
Topic	Topical.
Topical	Of or pertaining to a place; limited; logical application; as, a topical remedy; a topical claim or privilege.
Topical	Pertaining to, or consisting of, a topic or topics; according to topics.
Topical	Resembling a topic, or general maxim; hence, not demonstrative, but merely probable, as an argument.
Topically	In a topical manner; with application to, or limitation of, a particular place or topic.
Topknot	A crest or knot of feathers upon the head or top, as of a bird; also, an orgamental knot worn on top of the head, as by women.
Topknot	A small Europen flounder (Rhoumbus punctatus). The name is also applied to allied species.
Topless	Having no top, or no visble fop; hence, fig.: very lofty; supreme; unequaled.
Top-light	A lantern or light on the top of a vessel.
Topmem	of Topman
Topman	See Topsman, 2.
Topman	A man stationed in the top.
Topmast	The second mast, or that which is next above the lower mast, and below the topgallant mast.
Topmost	Highest; uppermost; as, the topmost cliff; the topmost branch of a tree.
Topographer	One who is skilled in the science of topography; one who describes a particular place, town, city, or tract of land.
Topographic	Alt. of Topographical
Topographical	Of or pertaining to topography; descriptive of a place.
Topographist	A topographer.
Topography	The description of a particular place, town, manor, parish, or tract of land; especially, the exact and scientific delineation and description in minute detail of any place or region.
Topology	The art of, or method for, assisting the memory by associating the thing or subject to be remembered with some place.
Toponomy	The designation of position and direction.
Toppiece	A small wig for the top of the head; a toupee.
Topping	Rising above; surpassing.
Topping	Hence, assuming superiority; proud.
Topping	Fine; gallant.
Topping	The act of one who tops; the act of cutting off the top.
Topping	The act of raising one extremity of a spar higher than the other.
Topping	That which comes from hemp in the process of hatcheling.
Toppingly	In a topping or proud manner.
Toppingly	Same as Topping, a., 3.
Toppled	of Topple
Toppling	of Topple
Topple	To fall forward; to pitch or tumble down.
Topple	To throw down; to overturn.
Top-proud	Proud to the highest degree.
Top-rope	A rope used for hoisting and lowering a topmast, and for other purposes.
Topsail	In a square-rigged vessel, the sail next above the lowermost sail on a mast. This sail is the one most frequently reefed or furled in working the ship. In a fore-and-aft rigged vessel, the sail set upon and above the gaff. See Cutter, Schooner, Sail, and Ship.
Tops-and-bottoms	Small rolls of dough, baked, cut in halves, and then browned in an oven, -- used as food for infants.
Top-shaped	Having the shape of a top; (Bot.) cone-shaped, with the apex downward; turbinate.
Top-shell	Any one of numerous species of marine top-shaped shells of the genus Trochus, or family Trochidae.
Topsmen	of Topsman
Topsman	The chief drover of those who drive a herd of cattle.
Topsman	The uppermost sawyer in a saw pit; a topman.
Topsoil	The upper layer of soil; surface soil.
Topsoiling	The act or art of taking off the top soil of land before an excavation or embankment is begun.
Topstone	A stone that is placed on the top, or which forms the top.
Topsy-turvy	In an inverted posture; with the top or head downward; upside down; as, to turn a carriage topsy-turvy.
Top-tackle	A tackle used in hoisting and lowering the topmast.
Top-timbers	The highest timbers on the side of a vessel, being those above the futtocks.
Top-tool	A tool applied to the top of the work, in distinction from a tool inserted in the anvil and on which the work is placed.
Toque	A kind of cap worn in the 16th century, and copied in modern fashions; -- called also toquet.
Toque	A variety of the bonnet monkey.
Toquet	See Toque, 1.
Tor	A tower; a turret.
Tor	High-pointed hill; a rocky pinnacle.
Torace	Alt. of Torase
Torase	To scratch to pieces.
Torbernite	A mineral occurring in emerald-green tabular crystals having a micaceous structure.  It is a hydrous phosphate of uranium and copper. Called also copper uranite, and chalcolite.
Torc	Same as Torque, 1.
Torch	A light or luminary formed of some combustible substance, as of resinous wood; a large candle or flambeau, or a lamp giving a large, flaring flame.
Torch	A flashlight.
Torchbearer	One whose office it is to carry a torch.
Torcher	One who gives light with a torch, or as if with a torch.
Torchlight	The light of a torch, or of torches.  Also adjectively; as, a torchlight procession.
Torchon lace	a simple thread lace worked upon a pillow with coarse thread; also, a similar lace made by machinery.
Torchwood	The inflammable wood of certain trees (Amyris balsamifera, A. Floridana, etc.); also, the trees themselves.
Torchwort	The common mullein, the stalks of which, dipped in suet, anciently served for torches. Called also torch, and hig-taper.
Tore	imp. of Tear.
Tore	The dead grass that remains on mowing land in winter and spring.
Tore	Same as Torus.
Tore	The surface described by the circumference of a circle revolving about a straight line in its own plane.
Tore	The solid inclosed by such a surface; -- sometimes called an anchor ring.
Toreador	A bullfighter.
To-rent	of To-rend
To-rend	To rend in pieces.
Toret	A Turret.
Toret	A ring for fastening a hawk's leash to the jesses; also, a ring affixed to the collar of a dog, etc.
Toreumatography	A description of sculpture such as bas-relief in metal.
Toreumatology	The art or the description of scupture such as bas-relief in metal; toreumatography.
Toreutic	In relief; pertaining to sculpture in relief, especially of metal; also, pertaining to chasing such as surface ornamentation in metal.
Torgoch	The saibling.
Torilto	A species of Turnix (Turnix sylvatica) native of Spain and Northen Africa.
Torinese	Of or pertaining to Turin.
Torinese	A native or inhabitant of Turin; collectively, the people of Turin.
Torment	An engine for casting stones.
Torment	Extreme pain; anguish; torture; the utmost degree of misery, either of body or mind.
Torment	That which gives pain, vexation, or misery.
tormented	of Torment
tormenting	of Torment
Torment	To put to extreme pain or anguish; to inflict excruciating misery upon, either of body or mind; to torture.
Torment	To pain; to distress; to afflict.
Torment	To tease; to vex; to harass; as, to be tormented with importunities, or with petty annoyances.
Torment	To put into great agitation.
Tormenter	One who, or that which, torments; a tormentor.
Tormenter	An executioner.
Tormentful	Full of torment; causing, or accompainied by, torment; excruciating.
Tormentil	A rosaceous herb (Potentilla Tormentilla), the root of which is used as a powerful astringent, and for alleviating gripes, or tormina, in diarrhea.
Tormenting	Causing torment; as, a tormenting dream.
Tormentise	Torture; torment.
Tormentor	One who, or that which, torments; one who inflicts penal anguish or tortures.
Tormentor	An implement for reducing a stiff soil, resembling a harrow, but running upon wheels.
Tormentress	A woman who torments.
Tormentry	Anything producing torment, annoyance, or pain.
Tormina	acute, colicky pains; gripes.
Torminous	Affected with tormina; griping.
Torn	p. p. of Tear.
Tornadoes	of Tornado
Tornado	A violent whirling wind; specifically (Meteorol.), a tempest distinguished by a rapid whirling and slow progressive motion, usually accompaned with severe thunder, lightning, and torrents of rain, and commonly of short duration and small breadth; a small cyclone.
Tornariae	of Tornaria
Tornaria	The peculiar free swimming larva of Balanoglossus. See Illust. in Append.
Torose	Cylindrical with alternate swellings and contractions; having the surface covered with rounded prominences.
Torosity	The quality or state of being torose.
Torous	Torose.
Torpedinous	Of or pertaining to a torpedo; resembling a torpedo; exerting a benumbing influence; stupefying; dull; torpid.
Torpedoes	of Torpedo
Torpedo	Any one of numerous species of elasmobranch fishes belonging to Torpedo and allied genera. They are related to the rays, but have the power of giving electrical shocks. Called also crampfish, and numbfish. See Electrical fish, under Electrical.
Torpedo	An engine or machine for destroying ships by blowing them up.
Torpedo	A quantity of explosives anchored in a channel, beneath the water, or set adrift in a current, and so arranged that they will be exploded when touched by a vessel, or when an electric circuit is closed by an operator on shore.
Torpedo	A kind of small submarine boat carrying an explosive charge, and projected from a ship against another ship at a distance, or made self-propelling, and otherwise automatic in its action against a distant ship.
Torpedo	A kind of shell or cartridge buried in earth, to be exploded by electricity or by stepping on it.
Torpedo	A kind of detonating cartridge or shell placed on a rail, and exploded when crushed under the locomotive wheels, -- used as an alarm signal.
Torpedo	An explosive cartridge or shell lowered or dropped into a bored oil well, and there exploded, to clear the well of obstructions or to open communication with a source of supply of oil.
Torpedo	A kind of firework in the form of a small ball, or pellet, which explodes when thrown upon a hard object.
Torpedo	to destroy by, or subject to the action of, a torpedo.
Torpent	Having no motion or activity; incapable of motion; benumbed; torpid.
Torpescence	The quality or state or being torpescent; torpidness; numbness; stupidity.
Toppescent	Becoming torpid or numb.
Torpid	Having lost motion, or the power of exertion and feeling; numb; benumbed; as, a torpid limb.
Torpid	Dull; stupid; sluggish; inactive.
Torpidity	Same as Torpidness.
Torpidly	In a torpid manner.
Torpidness	The qualityy or state of being torpid.
Torpified	of Torpify
Torpifying	of Torpify
Torpify	To make torpid; to numb, or benumb.
Torpitude	Torpidness.
Torpor	Loss of motion, or of the motion; a state of inactivity with partial or total insensibility; numbness.
Torpor	Dullness; sluggishness; inactivity; as, a torpor of the mental faculties.
Torporific	Tending to produce torpor.
Torquate	Collared; having a torques, or distinct colored ring around the neck.
torquated	Having or wearing a torque, or neck chain.
Torque	A collar or neck chain, usually twisted, especially as worn by ancient barbaric nations, as the Gauls, Germans, and Britons.
Torque	That which tends to produce torsion; a couple of forces.
Torque	A turning or twisting; tendency to turn, or cause to turn, about an axis.
Torqued	Wreathed; twisted.
Torqued	Twisted; bent; -- said of a dolphin haurient, which forms a figure like the letter S.
Torques	A cervical ring of hair or feathers, distinguished by its color or structure; a collar.
Torrefaction	The act or process of torrefying, or the state of being torrefied.
Torrefied	of Torrefy
Torrefying	of Torrefy
Torrefy	To dry by a fire.
Torrefy	To subject to scorching heat, so as to drive off volatile ingredients; to roast, as ores.
Torrefy	To dry or parch, as drugs, on a metallic plate till they are friable, or are reduced to the state desired.
Torrent	A violent stream, as of water, lava, or the like; a stream suddenly raised and running rapidly, as down a precipice.
Torrent	Fig.: A violent or rapid flow; a strong current; a flood; as, a torrent of vices; a torrent of eloquence.
Torrent	Rolling or rushing in a rapid stream.
Torrential	Alt. of Torrentine
Torrentine	Of or pertaining to a torrent; having the character of a torrent; caused by a torrent .
Torricellian	Of or pertaining to Torricelli, an Italian philosopher and mathematician, who, in 1643, discovered that the rise of a liquid in a tube, as in the barometer, is due to atmospheric pressure. See Barometer.
Torrid	Parched; dried with heat; as, a torrid plain or desert.
Torrid	Violenty hot; drying or scorching with heat; burning; parching.
Torridity	Torridness.
Torridness	The quality or state of being torrid or parched.
Torril	A worthless woman; also, a worthless horse.
Torrock	A gull.
Torsal	A torsel.
Torse	A wreath.
Torse	A developable surface. See under Developable.
Torsel	A plate of timber for the end of a beam or joist to rest on.
Torsibillty	The tendency, as of a rope, to untwist after being twisted.
Torsion	The act of turning or twisting, or the state of being twisted; the twisting or wrenching of a body by the exertion of a lateral force tending to turn one end or part of it about a longitudinal axis, while the other is held fast or turned in the opposite direction.
Torsion	That force with which a thread, wire, or rod of any material, returns, or tends to return, to a state of rest after it has been twisted; torsibility.
Torsional	Of or pertaining to torsion; resulting from torsion, or the force with which a thread or wire returns to a state of rest after having been twisted round its axis; as, torsional force.
Torsk	The cusk. See Cusk.
Torsk	The codfish. Called also tusk.
Torsos	of Torso
Torsi	of Torso
Torso	The human body, as distinguished from the head and limbs; in sculpture, the trunk of a statue, mutilated of head and limbs; as, the torso of Hercules.
Tort	Mischief; injury; calamity.
Tort	Any civil wrong or injury; a wrongful act (not involving a breach of contract) for which an action will lie; a form of action, in some parts of the United States, for a wrong or injury.
Tort	Stretched tight; taut.
Torta	a flat heap of moist, crushed silver ore, prepared for the patio process.
Torteaus	of Torteau
Torteau	A roundel of a red color.
Torticollis	See Wryneck.
Tortile	Twisted; wreathed; coiled.
Tortility	The quality or state of being tortile, twisted, or wreathed.
Tortilla	An unleavened cake, as of maize flour, baked on a heated iron or stone.
Tortion	Torment; pain.
Tortious	Injurious; wrongful.
Tortious	Imploying tort, or privat injury for which the law gives damages; involing tort.
Tortiously	In a tortous manner.
Tortive	Twisted; wreathed.
Tortoise	Any one of numerous species of reptiles of the order Testudinata.
Tortoise	Same as Testudo, 2.
Tortoise	having a color like that of a tortoise's shell, black with white and orange spots; --  used mostly to describe cats of that color.
Tortoise	a tortoise-shell cat.
Tortricid	Of or pertaining to Tortix, or the family Tortricidae.
Tortrix	Any one of numerous species of small moths of the family Tortricidae, the larvae of which usually roll up the leaves of plants on which they live; -- also called leaf roller.
Tortrix	A genus of tropical short-tailed snakes, which are not venomous. One species (Tortrix scytalae) is handsomely banded with black, and is sometimes worn alive by the natives of Brazil for a necklace.
Tortulous	Swelled out at intervals like a knotted cord.
Tortuose	Wreathed; twisted; winding.
Tortuoslty	the quality or state of being tortuous.
Tortuous	Bent in different directions; wreathed; twisted; winding; as, a tortuous train; a tortuous train; a tortuous leaf or corolla.
Tortuous	Fig.: Deviating from rectitude; indirect; erroneous; deceitful.
Tortuous	Injurious: tortious.
Tortuous	Oblique; -- applied to the six signs of the zodiac (from Capricorn to Gemini) which ascend most rapidly and obliquely.
Torturable	Capable of being tortured.
Torture	Extreme pain; anguish of body or mind; pang; agony; torment; as, torture of mind.
Torture	Especially, severe pain inflicted judicially, either as punishment for a crime, or for the purpose of extorting a confession from an accused person, as by water or fire, by the boot or thumbkin, or by the rack or wheel.
Torture	The act or process of torturing.
Tortured	of Torture
Torturing.	of Torture
Torture	To put to torture; to pain extremely; to harass; to vex.
Torture	To punish with torture; to put to the rack; as, to torture an accused person.
Torture	To wrest from the proper meaning; to distort.
Torture	To keep on the stretch, as a bow.
Torturer	One who tortures; a tormentor.
Torturingly	So as to torture.
Torturous	Involving, or pertaining to, torture.
Torulae	of Torula
Torula	A chain of special bacteria. (b) A genus of budding fungi. Same as Saccharomyces. Also used adjectively.
Torulaform	Having the appearance of a torula; in the form of a little chain; as, a torulaform string of micrococci.
Torulose	Same as Torose.
Torulous	Same as Torose.
Tori	of Torus
Torus	A lage molding used in the bases of columns.  Its profile is semicircular. See Illust. of Molding.
Torus	One of the ventral parapodia of tubicolous annelids. It usually has the form of an oblong thickening or elevation of the integument with rows of uncini or hooks along the center. See Illust. under Tubicolae.
Torus	The receptacle, or part of the flower on which the carpels stand.
Torus	See 3d Tore, 2.
Torved	Stern; grim. See Torvous.
Torvity	Sourness or severity of countenance; sterness.
Torvous	Sour of aspect; of a severe countenance; stern; grim.
Tories	of Tory
Tory	A member of the conservative party, as opposed to the progressive party which was formerly called the Whig, and is now called the Liberal, party; an earnest supporter of exsisting royal and ecclesiastical authority.
Tory	One who, in the time of the Revolution, favored submitting tothe claims of Great Britain against the colonies; an adherent tothe crown.
Tory	Of ro pertaining to the Tories.
Toryism	The principles of the Tories.
Toscatter	To scatter in pieces; to divide.
Tose	To tease, or comb, as wool.
Tosh	Neat; trim.
Toshred	To cut into shreads or pieces.
Tossed	of Toss
Tost	of Toss
Tossing	of Toss
Toss	To throw with the hand; especially, to throw with the palm of the hand upward, or to throw upward; as, to toss a ball.
Toss	To lift or throw up with a sudden or violent motion; as, to toss the head.
Toss	To cause to rise and fall; as, a ship tossed on the waves in a storm.
Toss	To agitate; to make restless.
Toss	Hence, to try; to harass.
Toss	To keep in play; to tumble over; as, to spend four years in tossing the rules of grammar.
Toss	To roll and tumble; to be in violent commotion; to write; to fling.
Toss	To be tossed, as a fleet on the ocean.
Toss	A throwing upward, or with a jerk; the act of tossing; as, the toss of a ball.
Toss	A throwing up of the head; a particular manner of raising the head with a jerk.
Tossel	See Tassel.
Tosser	Ohe who tosser.
Tossily	In a tossy manner.
Tossing	The act of throwing upward; a rising and falling suddenly; a rolling and tumbling.
Tossing	A process which consists in washing ores by violent agitation in water, in order to separate the lighter or earhy particles; -- called also tozing, and treloobing, in Cornwall.
Tossing	A process for refining tin by dropping it through the air while melted.
Tosspot	A toper; one habitually given to strong drink; a drunkard.
Tossy	Tossing the head, as in scorn or pride; hence, proud; contemptuous; scornful; affectedly indifferent; as, a tossy commonplace.
Tost	imp. & p. p. of Toss.
Tosto	Quick; rapid.
Toswink	To labor excessively.
Tot	Anything small; -- frequently applied as a term of endearment to a little child.
Tot	A drinking cup of small size, holding about half a pint.
Tot	A foolish fellow.
Tota	The grivet.
Total	Whole; not divided; entire; full; complete; absolute; as, a total departure from the evidence; a total loss.
Total	The whole; the whole sum or amount; as, these sums added make the grand total of five millions.
Totality	The quality or state of being total; as, the totality of an eclipse.
Totality	The whole sum; the whole quantity or amount; the entirety; as, the totalityof human knowledge.
Totalize	To make total, or complete;to reduce to completeness.
Totally	In a total manner; wholly; entirely.
Totalness	The quality or state of being total; entireness; totality.
Toted	of Tote
Toting	of Tote
Tote	To carry or bear; as, to tote a child over a stream; -- a colloquial word of the Southern States, and used esp. by negroes.
Tote	The entire body, or all; as, the whole tote.
Totear	To tear or rend in pieces.
Totem	A rude picture, as of a bird, beast, or the like, used by the North American Indians as a symbolic designation, as of a family or a clan.
Totemic	Of or pertaining to a totem, or totemism.
Totemism	The system of distinguishing families, clans, etc., in a tribe by the totem.
Totemism	Superstitious regard for a totem; the worship of any real or imaginary object; nature worship.
Totemist	One belonging to a clan or tribe having a totem.
Toter	The stone roller. See Stone roller (a), under Stone.
T'other	A colloquial contraction of the other, and formerly a contraction for that other. See the Note under That, 2.
Totipalmate	Having all four toes united by a web; -- said of certain sea birds, as the pelican and the gannet. See Illust. under Aves.
Totipalmi	A division of swimming birds including those that have totipalmate feet.
Totipresence	Omnipresence.
Totipresent	Omnipresence.
Tottered	of Totter
Tottering	of Totter
Totter	To shake so as to threaten a fall; to vacillate; to be unsteady; to stagger; as,an old man totters with age.
Totter	To shake; to reel; to lean; to waver.
Totterer	One who totters.
Totteringly	In a tottering manner.
Tottery	Trembling or vaccilating, as if about to fall; unsteady; shaking.
Tottled	of Totly
Tottling	of Totly
Totly	To walk in a wavering, unsteady manner; to toddle; to topple.
Tottlish	Trembling or tottering, as if about to fall; un steady. 
Totty	Unsteady; dizzy; tottery.
Toty	Totty.
Toty	A sailor or fisherman; -- so called in some parts of the Pacific.
Toucan	Any one of numerous species of fruit-eating birds of tropical America belonging to Ramphastos, Pteroglossus, and allied genera of the family Ramphastidae. They have a very large, but light and thin, beak, often nearly as long as the body itself. Most of the species are brilliantly colored with red, yellow, white, and black in striking contrast.
Toucan	A modern constellation of the southern hemisphere.
Toncanet	A small toucan.
Touched	of Touch
Touching	of Touch
Touch	To come in contact with; to hit or strike lightly against; to extend the hand, foot, or the like, so as to reach or rest on.
Touch	To perceive by the sense of feeling.
Touch	To come to; to reach; to attain to.
Touch	To try; to prove, as with a touchstone.
Touch	To relate to; to concern; to affect.
Touch	To handle, speak of, or deal with; to treat of.
Touch	To meddle or interfere with; as, I have not touched the books.
Touch	To affect the senses or the sensibility of; to move; to melt; to soften.
Touch	To mark or delineate with touches; to add a slight stroke to with the pencil or brush.
Touch	To infect; to affect slightly.
Touch	To make an impression on; to have effect upon.
Touch	To strike; to manipulate; to play on; as, to touch an instrument of music.
Touch	To perform, as a tune; to play.
Touch	To influence by impulse; to impel forcibly.
Touch	To harm, afflict, or distress.
Touch	To affect with insanity, especially in a slight degree; to make partially insane; -- rarely used except in the past participle.
Touch	To be tangent to. See Tangent, a.
Touch	To lay a hand upon for curing disease.
Touch	To be in contact; to be in a state of junction, so that no space is between; as, two spheres touch only at points.
Touch	To fasten; to take effect; to make impression.
Touch	To treat anything in discourse, especially in a slight or casual manner; -- often with on or upon.
Touch	To be brought, as a sail, so close to the wind that its weather leech shakes.
Touch	The act of touching, or the state of being touched; contact.
Touch	The sense by which pressure or traction exerted on the skin is recognized; the sense by which the properties of bodies are determined by contact; the tactile sense. See Tactile sense, under Tactile.
Touch	Act or power of exciting emotion.
Touch	An emotion or affection.
Touch	Personal reference or application.
Touch	A stroke; as, a touch of raillery; a satiric touch; hence, animadversion; censure; reproof.
Touch	A single stroke on a drawing or a picture.
Touch	Feature; lineament; trait.
Touch	The act of the hand on a musical instrument; bence, in the plural, musical notes.
Touch	A small quantity intermixed; a little; a dash.
Touch	A hint; a suggestion; slight notice.
Touch	A slight and brief essay.
Touch	A touchstone; hence, stone of the sort used for touchstone.
Touch	Hence, examination or trial by some decisive standard; test; proof; tried quality.
Touch	The particular or characteristic mode of action, or the resistance of the keys of an instrument to the fingers; as, a heavy touch, or a light touch; also, the manner of touching, striking, or pressing the keys of a piano; as, a legato touch; a staccato touch.
Touch	The broadest part of a plank worked top and but (see Top and but, under Top, n.), or of one worked anchor-stock fashion (that is, tapered from the middle to both ends); also, the angles of the stern timbers at the counters.
Touch	That part of the field which is beyond the line of flags on either side.
Touch	A boys' game; tag.
Touchable	Capable of being touched; tangible.
Touchback	The act of touching the football down by a player behind his own goal line when it received its last impulse from an opponent; -- distinguished from safety touchdown.
Touch-box	A box containing lighted tinder, formerly carried by soldiers who used matchlocks, to kindle the match.
Touchdown	The act of touching the football down behind the opponents' goal .
Touchhole	The vent of a cannot or other firearm, by which fire is communicateed to the powder of the charge.
Touchily	In a touchy manner.
Touchiness	The quality or state of being touchy peevishness; irritability; irascibility.
Touching	Affecting; moving; pathetic; as, a touching tale.
Touching	Concerning; with respect to.
Touching	The sense or act of feeling; touch.
Touch-me-not	See Impatiens.
Touch-me-not	Squirting cucumber. See under Cucumber.
Touch-needle	A small bar of gold and silver, either pure, or alloyed in some known proportion with copper, for trying the purity of articles of gold or silver by comparison of the streaks made by the article and the bar on a touchstone.
Touch-paper	Paper steeped in saltpeter, which burns slowly, and is used as a match for firing gunpowder, and the like.
Touchstone	Lydian stone; basanite; -- so called because used to test the purity of gold and silver by the streak which is left upon the stone when it is rubbed by the metal. See Basanite.
Touchstone	Any test or criterion by which the qualities of a thing are tried.
Touchwood	Wood so decayed as to serve for tinder; spunk, or punk.
Touchwood	Dried fungi used as tinder; especially, the Polyporus igniarius.
Touchy	Peevish; irritable; irascible; techy; apt to take fire.
Tough	Having the quality of flexibility without brittleness; yielding to force without breaking; capable of resisting great strain; as, the ligaments of animals are remarkably tough.
Tough	Not easily broken; able to endure hardship; firm; strong; as, tough sinews.
Tough	Not easily separated; viscous; clammy; tenacious; as, tough phlegm.
Tough	Stiff; rigid; not flexible; stubborn; as, a tough bow.
Tough	Severe; violent; as, a tough storm.
Tough-cake	See Tough-pitch (b).
Toughened	of Toughen
Toughening	of Toughen
Toughen	To grow or make tough, or tougher.
Tough-head	The ruddy duck.
Toughish	Tough in a slight degree.
Toughly	In a tough manner.
Toughness	The quality or state of being tough.
Tough-pitch	The exact state or quality of texture and consistency of well reduced and refined copper.
Tough-pitch	Copper so reduced; -- called also tough-cake.
Touite	The wood warbler.
Toupee	Alt. of Toupet
Toupet	A little tuft; a curl or artificial lock of hair.
Toupet	A small wig, or a toppiece of a wig.
Toupettit	The crested titmouse.
Tour	A tower.
Tour	A going round; a circuit; hence, a journey in a circuit; a prolonged circuitous journey; a comprehensive excursion; as, the tour of Europe; the tour of France or England.
Tour	A turn; a revolution; as, the tours of the heavenly bodies.
Tour	anything done successively, or by regular order; a turn; as, a tour of duty.
Toured	of Tour
Touring	of Tour
Tour	To make a tourm; as, to tour throught a country.
Touraco	Same as Turacou.
Tourbillion	An ornamental firework which turns round, when in the air, so as to form a scroll of fire.
Tourist	One who makes a tour, or performs a journey in a circuit.
Tourmaline	A mineral occurring usually in three-sided or six-sided prisms terminated by rhombohedral or scalenohedral planes. Black tourmaline (schorl) is the most common variety, but there are also other varieties, as the blue (indicolite), red (rubellite), also green, brown, and white. The red and green varieties when transparent are valued as jewels.
Tourn	A spinning wheel.
Tourn	The sheriff's turn, or court.
Tournament	A mock fight, or warlike game, formerly in great favor, in which a number of combatants were engaged, as an exhibition of their address and bravery; hence, figuratively, a real battle.
Tournament	Any contest of skill in which there are many contestents for championship; as, a chess tournament.
Tournery	Work turned on a lathe; turnery.
Tourney	A tournament.
Tourney	To perform in tournaments; to tilt.
Tourniquet	An instrument for arresting hemorrhage. It consists essentially of a pad or compress upon which pressure is made by a band which is tightened by a screw or other means.
Tournois	A former French money of account worth 20 sous, or a franc. It was thus called in distinction from the Paris livre, which contained 25 sous.
Tournure	Turn; contour; figure.
Tournure	Any device used by women to expand the skirt of a dress below the waist; a bustle.
Toused	of Touze
Tousing	of Touze
Touse	Alt. of Touze
Touze	To pull; to haul; to tear; to worry.
Touse	A pulling; a disturbance.
Tousel	Same as Tousle.
Touser	One who touses.
Tousle	To put into disorder; to tumble; to touse.
Tous-les-mois	A kind of starch with very large, oval, flattened grains, often sold as arrowroot, and extensively used for adulterating cocoa. It is made from the rootstocks of a species of Canna, probably C. edulis, the tubers of which are edible every month in the year.
Tout	To act as a tout. See 2d Tout.
Tout	To ply or seek for customers.
Tout	One who secretly watches race horses which are in course of training, to get information about their capabilities, for use in betting.
Tout	To toot a horn.
Tout	The anus.
Tout-ensemble	All together; hence, in costume, the fine arts, etc., the general effect of a work as a whole, without regard to the execution of the separate perts.
Touter	One who seeks customers, as for an inn, a public conveyance, shops, and the like: hence, an obtrusive candidate for office.
Touze	See Touse.
Tow	The coarse and broken part of flax or hemp, separated from the finer part by the hatchel or swingle.
Towed	of Tow
Towing	of Tow
Tow	To draw or pull through the water, as a vessel of any kind, by means of a rope.
Tow	A rope by which anything is towed; a towline, or towrope.
Tow	The act of towing, or the state of being towed; --chiefly used in the phrase, to take in tow, that is to tow.
Tow	That which is towed, or drawn by a towline, as a barge, raft, collection of boats, ect.
Towage	The act of towing.
Towage	The price paid for towing.
Towall	A towel.
Toward	Alt. of Towards
Towards	In the direction of; to.
Towards	With direction to, in a moral sense; with respect or reference to; regarding; concerning.
Towards	Tending to; in the direction of; in behalf of.
Towards	Near; about; approaching to.
Toward	Alt. of Towards
Towards	Near; at hand; in state of preparation.
Toward	Approaching; coming near.
Toward	Readly to do or learn; compliant with duty; not froward; apt; docile; tractable; as, a toward youth.
Toward	Ready to act; forward; bold; valiant.
Towardliness	The quality or state of being towardly; docility; tractableness.
Towardly	Same as Toward, a., 2.
Towardness	Quality or state of being toward.
Towards	See Toward.
Towboat	A vessel constructed for being towed, as a canal boat.
Towboat	A steamer used for towing other vessels; a tug.
Towel	A cloth used for wiping, especially one used for drying anything wet, as the person after a bath.
Towel	To beat with a stick.
Toweling	Cloth for towels, especially such as is woven in long pieces to be cut at will, as distinguished from that woven in towel lengths with borders, etc.
Tower	A mass of building standing alone and insulated, usually higher than its diameter, but when of great size not always of that proportion.
Tower	A projection from a line of wall, as a fortification, for purposes of defense, as a flanker, either or the same height as the curtain wall or higher.
Tower	A structure appended to a larger edifice for a special purpose, as for a belfry, and then usually high in proportion to its width and to the height of the rest of the edifice; as, a church tower.
Tower	A citadel; a fortress; hence, a defense.
Tower	A headdress of a high or towerlike form, fashionable about the end of the seventeenth century and until 1715; also, any high headdress.
Tower	High flight; elevation.
towered	of Tower
towering	of Tower
Tower	To rise and overtop other objects; to be lofty or very high; hence, to soar.
Tower	To soar into.
Towered	Adorned or defended by towers.
Towering	Very high; elevated; rising aloft; as, a towering height.
Towering	Hence, extreme; violent; surpassing.
Towery	Having towers; adorned or defended by towers.
Tow-head	An urchin who has soft, whitish hair.
Tow-head	The hooded merganser.
Towhee	The chewink.
Towilly	The sanderling; -- so called from its cry.
Towline	A line used to tow vessels; a towrope.
Town	Formerly: (a) An inclosure which surrounded the mere homestead or dwelling of the lord of the manor. [Obs.] (b) The whole of the land which constituted the domain. [Obs.] (c) A collection of houses inclosed by fences or walls.
Town	Any number or collection of houses to which belongs a regular market, and which is not a city or the see of a bishop.
Town	Any collection of houses larger than a village, and not incorporated as a city; also, loosely, any large, closely populated place, whether incorporated or not, in distinction from the country, or from rural communities.
Town	The body of inhabitants resident in a town; as, the town voted to send two representatives to the legislature; the town voted to lay a tax for repairing the highways.
Town	A township; the whole territory within certain limits, less than those of a country.
Town	The court end of London;-- commonly with the.
Town	The metropolis or its inhabitants; as, in winter the gentleman lives in town; in summer, in the country.
Town	A farm or farmstead; also, a court or farmyard.
Town-crier	A town officer who makes proclamations to the people; the public crier of a town.
Towned	Having towns; containing many towns.
Townhall	A public hall or building, belonging to a town, where the public offices are established, the town council meets, the people assemble in town meeting, etc.
Townhouse	A building devoted to the public used of a town; a townhall.
Townish	Of or pertaining to the inhabitants of a town; like the town.
Townless	Having no town.
Townlet	A small town.
Townsfolk	The people of a town; especially, the inhabitants of a city, in distinction from country people; townspeople.
Township	The district or territory of a town.
Township	In surveys of the public land of the United States, a division of territory six miles square, containing 36 sections.
Township	In Canada, one of the subdivisions of a county.
Townsmen	of Townsman
Townsman	An inhabitant of a town; one of the same town with another.
Townsman	A selectman, in New England. See Selectman.
Townpeople	The inhabitants of a town or city, especially in distinction from country people; townsfolk.
Townward	Alt. of Townwards
Townwards	Toward a town.
Towpath	A path traveled by men or animals in towing boats; -- called also towing path.
Towrope	A rope used in towing vessels.
Towser	A familiar name for a dog.
Towy	Composed of, or like, tow.
Tox/mia	Blood poisoning. See under Blood.
Toxic	Alt. of Toxical
Toxical	Of or pertaining to poison; poisonous; as, toxic medicines.
Toxicant	A poisonous agent or drug, as opium; an intoxicant.
Toxicological	Of or pertaining to toxicology.
Toxicologist	One versed in toxicology; the writer of a treatise on poisons.
Toxicology	The science which treats of poisons, their effects, antidotes, and recognition; also, a discourse or treatise on the science.
Toxicomania	Toxiphobia.
Toxicomania	An insane desire for intoxicating or poisonous drugs, as alcohol or opium.
Toxifera	Same as Toxoglossa.
Toxin	Alt. of Toxine
Toxine	A poisonous product formed by pathogenic bacteria, as a toxic proteid or poisonous ptomaine.
Toxiphobia	An insane or greatly exaggerated dread of poisons.
Toxodon	A gigantic extinct herbivorous mammal from South America, having teeth bent like a bow. It is the type of the order Toxodonta.
Toxodonta	An extinct order of Mammalia found in the South American Tertiary formation. The incisor teeth were long and curved and provided with a persistent pulp. They are supposed to be related both to the rodents and ungulates. Called also Toxodontia.
Toxoglossa	A division of marine gastropod mollusks in which the radula are converted into poison fangs. The cone shells (Conus), Pleurotoma, and Terebra, are examples. See Illust. of Cone, n., 4, Pleurotoma, and Terebra.
Toxophilite	A lover of archery; one devoted to archery.
Toxotes	A genus of fishes comprising the archer fishes. See Archer fish.
Toy	A plaything for children; a bawble.
Toy	A thing for amusement, but of no real value; an article of trade of little value; a trifle.
Toy	A wild fancy; an odd conceit; idle sport; folly; trifling opinion.
Toy	Amorous dalliance; play; sport; pastime.
Toy	An old story; a silly tale.
Toy	A headdress of linen or woolen, that hangs down over the shoulders, worn by old women of the lower classes; -- called also toy mutch.
toyed	of Toy
toying	of Toy
Toy	To dally amorously; to trifle; to play.
Toy	To treat foolishly.
Toyear	This year.
Toyer	One who toys; one who is full of trifling tricks; a trifler.
Toyful	Full of trifling play.
Toyhouse	A house for children to play in or to play with; a playhouse.
Toyingly	In a toying manner.
Toyish	Sportive; trifling; wanton.
Toyish	Resembling a toy.
Toyman	One who deals in toys.
Toyshop	A shop where toys are sold.
Toysome	Disposed to toy; trifling; wanton.
Toze	To pull violently; to touse.
Tozy	Soft, like wool that has been teased.
Trabeae	of Trabea
Trabea	A toga of purple, or ornamented with purple horizontal stripes. -- worn by kings, consuls, and augurs.
Trabeated	Furnished with an entablature.
Trabeation	Same as Entablature.
Trabeculae	of Trabecula
Trabecula	A small bar, rod, bundle of fibers, or septal membrane, in the framework of an organ part.
Trabecular	Of or pertaining to a trabecula or trabeculae; composed of trabeculae.
Trabeculate	Crossbarred, as the ducts in a banana stem.
Trabu	Same as Trubu.
Trace	One of two straps, chains, or ropes of a harness, extending from the collar or breastplate to a whiffletree attached to a vehicle or thing to be drawn; a tug.
Trace	A mark left by anything passing; a track; a path; a course; a footprint; a vestige; as, the trace of a carriage or sled; the trace of a deer; a sinuous trace.
Trace	A very small quantity of an element or compound in a given substance, especially when so small that the amount is not quantitatively determined in an analysis; -- hence, in stating an analysis, often contracted to tr.
Trace	A mark, impression, or visible appearance of anything left when the thing itself no longer exists; remains; token; vestige.
Trace	The intersection of a plane of projection, or an original plane, with a coordinate plane.
Trace	The ground plan of a work or works.
traced	of Trace
tracing	of Trace
Trace	To mark out; to draw or delineate with marks; especially, to copy, as a drawing or engraving, by following the lines and marking them on a sheet superimposed, through which they appear; as, to trace a figure or an outline; a traced drawing.
Trace	To follow by some mark that has been left by a person or thing which has preceded; to follow by footsteps, tracks, or tokens.
Trace	Hence, to follow the trace or track of.
Trace	To copy; to imitate.
Trace	To walk over; to pass through; to traverse.
Trace	To walk; to go; to travel.
Traceable	Capable of being traced.
Tracer	One who, or that which, traces.
Traceries	of Tracer/y
Tracer/y	Ornamental work with rambled lines.
Tracer/y	The decorative head of a Gothic window.
Tracer/y	A similar decoration in some styles of vaulting, the ribs of the vault giving off the minor bars of which the tracery is composed.
Tracheae	of Trachea
Trachea	The windpipe. See Illust. of Lung.
Trachea	One of the respiratory tubes of insects and arachnids.
Trachea	One of the large cells in woody tissue which have spiral, annular, or other markings, and are connected longitudinally so as to form continuous ducts.
Tracheal	Of or pertaining to the trachea; like a trachea.
Trachearia	A division of Arachnida including those that breathe only by means of tracheae. It includes the mites, ticks, false scorpions, and harvestmen.
Tracheary	Tracheal; breathing by means of tracheae.
Tracheary	One of the Trachearia.
Tracheata	An extensive division of arthropods comprising all those which breathe by tracheae, as distinguished from Crustacea, which breathe by means of branchiae.
Tracheate	Breathing by means of tracheae; of or pertaining to the Tracheata.
Tracheate	Any arthropod having tracheae; one of the Tracheata.
Tracheid	A wood cell with spiral or other markings and closed throughout, as in pine wood.
Tracheitis	Inflammation of the trachea, or windpipe.
Trachelidan	Any one of a tribe of beetles (Trachelides) which have the head supported on a pedicel. The oil beetles and the Cantharides are examples.
Trachelipod	One of the Trachelipoda.
Trachelipoda	An extensive artificial group of gastropods comprising all those which have a spiral shell and the foot attached to the base of the neck.
Trachelipodous	Having the foot united with the neck; of or pertainingto the Trachelipoda.
Trachelobranchiate	Having the gills situated upon the neck; -- said of certain mollusks.
Trachelorrhaphy	The operation of sewing up a laceration of the neck of the uterus.
Trachenchyma	A vegetable tissue consisting of tracheae.
Tracheobranchlae	of Tracheobranchia
Tracheobranchia	One of the gill-like breathing organs of certain aquatic insect larvae. They contain tracheal tubes somewhat similar to those of other insects.
Tracheobronchial	Pertaining both to the tracheal and bronchial tubes, or to their junction; -- said of the syrinx of certain birds.
Tracheocele	Goiter.
Tracheocele	A tumor containing air and communicating with the trachea.
Tracheophonae	A group of passerine birds having the syrinx at the lower end of the trachea.
Tracheoscopy	Examination of the interior of the trachea by means of a mirror.
Tracheotomy	The operation of making an opening into the windpipe.
Trachinoid	Of, pertaining to, or like, Trachinus, a genus of fishes which includes the weevers. See Weever.
Trachitis	Tracheitis.
Trachycarpous	Rough-fruited.
Trachymedusae	A division of acalephs in which the development is direct from the eggs, without a hydroid stage. Some of the species are parasitic on other medusae.
Trachyspermous	Rough-seeded.
Trachystomata	An order of tailed aquatic amphibians, including Siren and Pseudobranchus. They have anterior legs only, are eel-like in form, and have no teeth except a small patch on the palate. The external gills are persistent through life.
Trachyte	An igneous rock, usually light gray in color and breaking with a rough surface. It consists chiefly of orthoclase feldspar with sometimes hornblende and mica.
Trachytic	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, trachyte.
Trachytoid	Resembling trachyte; -- used to define the structure of certain rocks.
Tracing	The act of one who traces; especially, the act of copying by marking on thin paper, or other transparent substance, the lines of a pattern placed beneath; also, the copy thus producted.
Tracing	A regular path or track; a course.
Track	A mark left by something that has passed along; as, the track, or wake, of a ship; the track of a meteor; the track of a sled or a wheel.
Track	A mark or impression left by the foot, either of man or beast; trace; vestige; footprint.
Track	The entire lower surface of the foot; -- said of birds, etc.
Track	A road; a beaten path.
Track	Course; way; as, the track of a comet.
Track	A path or course laid out for a race, for exercise, etc.
Track	The permanent way; the rails.
Track	A tract or area, as of land.
tracked	of Track
tracking	of Track
Track	To follow the tracks or traces of; to pursue by following the marks of the feet; to trace; to trail; as, to track a deer in the snow.
Track	To draw along continuously, as a vessel, by a line, men or animals on shore being the motive power; to tow.
Trackage	The act of tracking, or towing, as a boat; towage.
Tracker	One who, or that which, tracks or pursues, as a man or dog that follows game.
Tracker	In the organ, a light strip of wood connecting (in path) a key and a pallet, to communicate motion by pulling.
Trackless	Having no track; marked by no footsteps; untrodden; as, a trackless desert.
Trackmaster	One who has charge of the track; -- called also roadmaster.
Track-road	A towing path.
Trackscout	See Trackschuyt.
Tract	A written discourse or dissertation, generally of short extent; a short treatise, especially on practical religion.
Tract	Something drawn out or extended; expanse.
Tract	A region or quantity of land or water, of indefinite extent; an area; as, an unexplored tract of sea.
Tract	Traits; features; lineaments.
Tract	The footprint of a wild beast.
Tract	Track; trace.
Tract	Treatment; exposition.
Tract	Continuity or extension of anything; as, the tract of speech.
Tract	Continued or protracted duration; length; extent.
Tract	Verses of Scripture sung at Mass, instead of the Alleluia, from Septuagesima Sunday till the Saturday befor Easter; -- so called because sung tractim, or without a break, by one voice, instead of by many as in the antiphons.
Tract	To trace out; to track; also, to draw out; to protact.
Tractability	The quality or state of being tractable or docile; docility; tractableness.
Tractable	Capable of being easily led, taught, or managed; docile; manageable; governable; as, tractable children; a tractable learner.
Tractable	Capable of being handled; palpable; practicable; feasible; as, tractable measures.
Tractarian	One of the writers of the Oxford tracts, called "Tracts for the Times," issued during the period 1833-1841, in which series of papers the sacramental system and authority of the Church, and the value of tradition, were brought into prominence. Also, a member of the High Church party, holding generally the principles of the Tractarian writers; a Puseyite.
Tractarian	Of or pertaining to the Tractarians, or their principles.
Tractarianism	The principles of the Tractarians, or of those persons accepting the teachings of the "Tracts for the Times."
Tractate	A treatise; a tract; an essay.
Tractation	Treatment or handling of a subject; discussion.
Tractator	One who writes tracts; specif., a Tractarian.
Tractile	Capable of being drawn out in length; ductile.
Tractility	The quality of being tractile; ductility.
Traction	The act of drawing, or the state of being drawn; as, the traction of a muscle.
Traction	Specifically, the act of drawing a body along a plane by motive power, as the drawing of a carriage by men or horses, the towing of a boat by a tug.
Traction	Attraction; a drawing toward.
Traction	The adhesive friction of a wheel on a rail, a rope on a pulley, or the like.
Tractite	A Tractarian.
Tractitious	Treating of; handling.
Tractive	Serving to draw; pulling; attracting; as, tractive power.
Tractor	That which draws, or is used for drawing.
Tractor	Two small, pointed rods of metal, formerly used in the treatment called Perkinism.
Tractoration	See Perkinism.
Tractory	A tractrix.
Tractrix	A curve such that the part of the tangent between the point of tangency and a given straight line is constant; -- so called because it was conceived as described by the motion of one end of a tangent line as the other end was drawn along the given line.
Trad	imp. of Tread.
Trade	A track; a trail; a way; a path; also, passage; travel; resort.
Trade	Course; custom; practice; occupation; employment.
Trade	Business of any kind; matter of mutual consideration; affair; dealing.
Trade	Specifically: The act or business of exchanging commodities by barter, or by buying and selling for money; commerce; traffic; barter.
Trade	The business which a person has learned, and which he engages in, for procuring subsistence, or for profit; occupation; especially, mechanical employment as distinguished from the liberal arts, the learned professions, and agriculture; as, we speak of the trade of a smith, of a carpenter, or mason, but not now of the trade of a farmer, or a lawyer, or a physician.
Trade	Instruments of any occupation.
Trade	A company of men engaged in the same occupation; thus, booksellers and publishers speak of the customs of the trade, and are collectively designated as the trade.
Trade	The trade winds.
Trade	Refuse or rubbish from a mine.
Traded	of Trade
Trading	of Trade
Trade	To barter, or to buy and sell; to be engaged in the exchange, purchase, or sale of goods, wares, merchandise, or anything else; to traffic; to bargain; to carry on commerce as a business.
Trade	To buy and sell or exchange property in a single instance.
Trade	To have dealings; to be concerned or associated; -- usually followed by with.
Trade	To sell or exchange in commerce; to barter.
Trade	imp. of Tread.
Traded	Professional; practiced.
Tradeful	Full of trade; busy in traffic; commercial.
Tradeless	Having no trade or traffic.
Trade-mark	A peculiar distinguishing mark or device affixed by a manufacturer or a merchant to his goods, the exclusive right of using which is recognized by law.
Trader	One engaged in trade or commerce; one who makes a business of buying and selling or of barter; a merchant; a trafficker; as, a trader to the East Indies; a country trader.
Trader	A vessel engaged in the coasting or foreign trade.
Tradescantia	A genus including spiderwort and Wandering Jew.
Tradesfolk	People employed in trade; tradesmen.
Tradesmen	of Tradesman
Tradesman	One who trades; a shopkeeper.
Tradesman	A mechanic or artificer; esp., one whose livelihood depends upon the labor of his hands.
Tradespeople	People engaged in trade; shopkeepers.
trades union	Alt. of Trade union
Trade union	An organized combination among workmen for the purpose of maintaining their rights, privileges, and interests with respect to wages, hours of labor, customs, etc.
Trades-unionist	Alt. of Trade-unionist
Trade-unionist	A member of a trades union, or a supporter of trades unions.
Tradeswomen	of Tradeswoman
Tradeswoman	A woman who trades, or is skilled in trade.
Trading	Carrying on trade or commerce; engaged in trade; as, a trading company.
Trading	Frequented by traders.
Trading	Venal; corrupt; jobbing; as, a trading politician.
Tradition	The act of delivering into the hands of another; delivery.
Tradition	The unwritten or oral delivery of information, opinions, doctrines, practices, rites, and customs, from father to son, or from ancestors to posterity; the transmission of any knowledge, opinions, or practice, from forefathers to descendants by oral communication, without written memorials.
Tradition	Hence, that which is transmitted orally from father to son, or from ancestors to posterity; knowledge or belief transmitted without the aid of written memorials; custom or practice long observed.
Tradition	An unwritten code of law represented to have been given by God to Moses on Sinai.
Tradition	That body of doctrine and discipline, or any article thereof, supposed to have been put forth by Christ or his apostles, and not committed to writing.
Tradition	To transmit by way of tradition; to hand down.
Traditional	Of or pertaining to tradition; derived from tradition; communicated from ancestors to descendants by word only; transmitted from age to age without writing; as, traditional opinions; traditional customs; traditional expositions of the Scriptures.
Traditional	Observant of tradition; attached to old customs; old-fashioned.
Traditionlism	A system of faith founded on tradition; esp., the doctrine that all religious faith is to be based solely upon what is delivered from competent authority, exclusive of rational processes.
Traditionalist	An advocate of, or believer in, traditionalism; a traditionist.
Traditionally	In a traditional manner.
Traditionarily	By tradition.
Traditionary	Traditional.
Traditionaries	of Traditionary
Traditionary	One, among the Jews, who acknowledges the authority of traditions, and explains the Scriptures by them.
Traditioner	Alt. of Traditionist
Traditionist	One who adheres to tradition.
Traditive	Transmitted or transmissible from father to son, or from age, by oral communication; traditional.
Traditor	A deliverer; -- a name of infamy given to Christians who delivered the Scriptures, or the goods of the church, to their persecutors to save their lives.
Traduced	of Traduce
Traducing	of Traduce
Traduce	To transfer; to transmit; to hand down; as, to traduce mental qualities to one's descendants.
Traduce	To translate from one language to another; as, to traduce and compose works.
Traduce	To increase or distribute by propagation.
Traduce	To draw away; to seduce.
Traduce	To represent; to exhibit; to display; to expose; to make an example of.
Traduce	To expose to contempt or shame; to represent as blamable; to calumniate; to vilify; to defame.
Traducement	The act of traducing; misrepresentation; ill-founded censure; defamation; calumny.
Traducent	Slanderous.
Traducer	One who traduces; a slanderer; a calumniator.
Traducer	One who derives or deduces.
Traducian	A believer in traducianism.
Traducianism	The doctrine that human souls are produced by the act of generation; -- opposed to creationism, and infusionism.
Traducible	Capable of being derived or propagated.
Traducible	Capable of being traduced or calumniated.
Traducingly	In a traducing manner; by traduction; slanderously.
Traduct	To derive or deduce; also, to transmit; to transfer.
Traduct	That which is traducted; that which is transferred; a translation.
Traduction	Transmission from one to another.
Traduction	Translation from one language to another.
Traduction	Derivation by descent; propagation.
Traduction	The act of transferring; conveyance; transportation.
Traduction	Transition.
Traduction	A process of reasoning in which each conclusion applies to just such an object as each of the premises applies to.
Traductive	Capable of being deduced; derivable.
Trafficked	of Traffic
Trafficking	of Traffic
Traffic	To pass goods and commodities from one person to another for an equivalent in goods or money; to buy or sell goods; to barter; to trade.
Traffic	To trade meanly or mercenarily; to bargain.
Traffic	To exchange in traffic; to effect by a bargain or for a consideration.
Traffic	Commerce, either by barter or by buying and selling; interchange of goods and commodities; trade.
Traffic	Commodities of the market.
Traffic	The business done upon a railway, steamboat line, etc., with reference to the number of passengers or the amount of freight carried.
Trafficable	Capable of being disposed of in traffic; marketable.
Trafficker	One who traffics, or carries on commerce; a trader; a merchant.
Trafficless	Destitute of traffic, or trade.
Tragacanth	A kind of gum procured from a spiny leguminous shrub (Astragalus gummifer) of Western Asia, and other species of Astragalus. It comes in hard whitish or yellowish flakes or filaments, and is nearly insoluble in water, but slowly swells into a mucilaginous mass, which is used as a substitute for gum arabic in medicine and the arts. Called also gum tragacanth.
Tragedian	A writer of tragedy.
Tragedian	An actor or player in tragedy.
Tragedienne	A woman who plays in tragedy.
Tragedious	Like tragedy; tragical.
Tragedies	of Tragedy
Tragedy	A dramatic poem, composed in elevated style, representing a signal action performed by some person or persons, and having a fatal issue; that species of drama which represents the sad or terrible phases of character and life.
Tragedy	A fatal and mournful event; any event in which human lives are lost by human violence, more especially by unauthorized violence.
Tragic	Alt. of Tragical
Tragical	Of or pertaining to tragedy; of the nature or character of tragedy; as, a tragic poem; a tragic play or representation.
Tragical	Fatal to life; mournful; terrible; calamitous; as, the tragic scenes of the French revolution.
Tragical	Mournful; expressive of tragedy, the loss of life, or of sorrow.
Tragic	A writer of tragedy.
Tragic	A tragedy; a tragic drama.
Tragi-comedy	A kind of drama representing some action in which serious and comic scenes are blended; a composition partaking of the nature both of tragedy and comedy.
Tragi-comic	Alt. of Tragi-comical
Tragi-comical	Of or pertaining to tragi-comedy; partaking of grave and comic scenes.
Tragi-comi-pastoral	Partaking of the nature of, or combining, tragedy, comedy, and pastoral poetry.
Tragopan	Any one of several species of Asiatic pheasants of the genus Ceriornis. They are brilliantly colored with a variety of tints, the back and breast are usually covered with white or buff ocelli, and the head is ornamented with two bright-colored, fleshy wattles. The crimson tragopan, or horned pheasant (C. satyra), of India is one of the best-known species.
Tragus	The prominence in front of the external opening of the ear. See Illust. under Ear.
T rail	See under T.
Trailed	of Trail
Trailing	of Trail
Trail	To hunt by the track; to track.
Trail	To draw or drag, as along the ground.
Trail	To carry, as a firearm, with the breech near the ground and the upper part inclined forward, the piece being held by the right hand near the middle.
Trail	To tread down, as grass, by walking through it; to lay flat.
Trail	To take advantage of the ignorance of; to impose upon.
Trail	To be drawn out in length; to follow after.
Trail	To grow to great length, especially when slender and creeping upon the ground, as a plant; to run or climb.
Trail	A track left by man or beast; a track followed by the hunter; a scent on the ground by the animal pursued; as, a deer trail.
Trail	A footpath or road track through a wilderness or wild region; as, an Indian trail over the plains.
Trail	Anything drawn out to a length; as, the trail of a meteor; a trail of smoke.
Trail	Anything drawn behind in long undulations; a train.
Trail	Anything drawn along, as a vehicle.
Trail	A frame for trailing plants; a trellis.
Trail	The entrails of a fowl, especially of game, as the woodcock, and the like; -- applied also, sometimes, to the entrails of sheep.
Trail	That part of the stock of a gun carriage which rests on the ground when the piece is unlimbered. See Illust. of Gun carriage, under Gun.
Trail	The act of taking advantage of the ignorance of a person; an imposition.
Trailer	One who, or that which, trails.
Trailer	A part of an object which extends some distance beyond the main body of the object; as, the trailer of a plant.
Trailing	a. & vb. n. from Trail.
Trained	of Train
Training	of Train
Train	To draw along; to trail; to drag.
Train	To draw by persuasion, artifice, or the like; to attract by stratagem; to entice; to allure.
Train	To teach and form by practice; to educate; to exercise; to discipline; as, to train the militia to the manual exercise; to train soldiers to the use of arms.
Train	To break, tame, and accustom to draw, as oxen.
Train	To lead or direct, and form to a wall or espalier; to form to a proper shape, by bending, lopping, or pruning; as, to train young trees.
Train	To trace, as a lode or any mineral appearance, to its head.
Train	To be drilled in military exercises; to do duty in a military company.
Train	To prepare by exercise, diet, instruction, etc., for any physical contest; as, to train for a boat race.
Train	That which draws along; especially, persuasion, artifice, or enticement; allurement.
Train	Hence, something tied to a lure to entice a hawk; also, a trap for an animal; a snare.
Train	That which is drawn along in the rear of, or after, something; that which is in the hinder part or rear.
Train	That part of a gown which trails behind the wearer.
Train	The after part of a gun carriage; the trail.
Train	The tail of a bird.
Train	A number of followers; a body of attendants; a retinue; a suite.
Train	A consecution or succession of connected things; a series.
Train	Regular method; process; course; order; as, things now in a train for settlement.
Train	The number of beats of a watch in any certain time.
Train	A line of gunpowder laid to lead fire to a charge, mine, or the like.
Train	A connected line of cars or carriages on a railroad.
Train	A heavy, long sleigh used in Canada for the transportation of merchandise, wood, and the like.
Train	A roll train; as, a 12-inch train.
Trainable	Capable of being trained or educated; as, boys trainable to virtue.
Trainbands	of Trainband
Trainband	A band or company of an organized military force instituted by James I. and dissolved by Charles II.; -- afterwards applied to the London militia.
Trainbearer	One who holds up a train, as of a robe.
Trainel	A dragnet.
Trainer	One who trains; an instructor; especially, one who trains or prepares men, horses, etc., for exercises requiring physical agility and strength.
Trainer	A militiaman when called out for exercise or discipline.
Training	The act of one who trains; the act or process of exercising, disciplining, etc.; education.
Train oil	Oil procured from the blubber or fat of whales, by boiling.
Trainy	Belonging to train oil.
Traipse	To walk or run about in a slatternly, careless, or thoughtless manner.
Trais	Alt. of Trays
Trays	Traces.
Trait	A stroke; a touch.
Trait	A distinguishing or marked feature; a peculiarity; as, a trait of character.
Traiteur	The keeper of an eating house, or restaurant; a restaurateur.
Traitor	One who violates his allegiance and betrays his country; one guilty of treason; one who, in breach of trust, delivers his country to an enemy, or yields up any fort or place intrusted to his defense, or surrenders an army or body of troops to the enemy, unless when vanquished; also, one who takes arms and levies war against his country; or one who aids an enemy in conquering his country. See Treason.
Traitor	Hence, one who betrays any confidence or trust; a betrayer.
Traitor	Traitorous.
Traitor	To act the traitor toward; to betray; to deceive.
Traitoress	A traitress.
Traitorly	Like a traitor; treacherous; traitorous.
Traitorous	Guilty of treason; treacherous; perfidious; faithless; as, a traitorous officer or subject.
Traitorous	Consisting in treason; partaking of treason; implying breach of allegiance; as, a traitorous scheme.
Traitory	Treachery.
Traitress	A woman who betrays her country or any trust; a traitoress.
Trajected	of Traject
Trajecting	of Traject
Traject	To throw or cast through, over, or across; as, to traject the sun's light through three or more cross prisms.
Traject	A place for passing across; a passage; a ferry.
Traject	The act of trajecting; trajection.
Traject	A trajectory.
Trajection	The act of trajecting; a throwing or casting through or across; also, emission.
Trajection	Transposition.
Trajectories	of Trajectory
Trajectory	The curve which a body describes in space, as a planet or comet in its orbit, or stone thrown upward obliquely in the air.
Trajet	Alt. of Trajetry
Trajetour	Alt. of Trajetry
Trajetry	See Treget, Tregetour, and Tregetry.
Tralation	The use of a word in a figurative or extended sense; ametaphor; a trope.
Tralatition	A change, as in the use of words; a metaphor.
Tralatitious	Passed along; handed down; transmitted.
Tralatitious	Metaphorical; figurative; not literal.
Tralatitiously	In a tralatitious manner; metephorically.
Tralineate	To deviate; to stray; to wander.
Tralucency	Translucency; as, the tralucency of a gem.
Tralucent	Translucent.
Tram	A four-wheeled truck running on rails, and used in a mine, as for carrying coal or ore.
Tram	The shaft of a cart.
Tram	One of the rails of a tramway.
Tram	A car on a horse railroad.
Tram	A silk thread formed of two or more threads twisted together, used especially for the weft, or cross threads, of the best quality of velvets and silk goods.
Tramble	To wash, as tin ore, with a shovel in a frame fitted for the purpose.
Trammel	A kind of net for catching birds, fishes, or other prey.
Trammel	A net for confining a woman's hair.
Trammel	A kind of shackle used for regulating the motions of a horse and making him amble.
Trammel	Fig.: Whatever impedes activity, progress, or freedom, as a net or shackle.
Trammel	An iron hook of various forms and sizes, used for handing kettles and other vessels over the fire.
Trammel	An instrument for drawing ellipses, one part of which consists of a cross with two grooves at right angles to each other, the other being a beam carrying two pins (which slide in those grooves), and also the describing pencil.
Trammel	A beam compass. See under Beam.
Trammeled	of Trammel
Trammelled	of Trammel
Trammeling	of Trammel
Trammelling	of Trammel
Trammel	To entangle, as in a net; to catch.
Trammel	To confine; to hamper; to shackle.
Trammeled	Having blazes, or white marks, on the fore and hind foot of one side, as if marked by trammels; -- said of a horse.
Trammeler	One who uses a trammel net.
Trammeler	One who, or that which, trammels or restrains.
Tramming	The act or process of forming trams. See 2d Tram.
Tramontane	Lying or being beyond the mountains; coming from the other side of the mountains; hence, foreign; barbarous.
Tramontane	One living beyond the mountains; hence, a foreigner; a stranger.
Tramped	of Tramp
Tramping	of Tramp
Tramp	To tread upon forcibly and repeatedly; to trample.
Tramp	To travel or wander through; as, to tramp the country.
Tramp	To cleanse, as clothes, by treading upon them in water.
Tramp	To travel; to wander; to stroll.
Tramp	A foot journey or excursion; as, to go on a tramp; a long tramp.
Tramp	A foot traveler; a tramper; often used in a bad sense for a vagrant or wandering vagabond.
Tramp	The sound of the foot, or of feet, on the earth, as in marching.
Tramp	A tool for trimming hedges.
Tramp	A plate of iron worn to protect the sole of the foot, or the shoe, when digging with a spade.
Tramper	One who tramps; a stroller; a vagrant or vagabond; a tramp.
Trampled	of Trample
Trampling	of Trample
Trample	To tread under foot; to tread down; to prostrate by treading; as, to trample grass or flowers.
Trample	Fig.: To treat with contempt and insult.
Trample	To tread with force and rapidity; to stamp.
Trample	To tread in contempt; -- with on or upon.
Trample	The act of treading under foot; also, the sound produced by trampling.
Trampler	One who tramples; one who treads down; as, a trampler on nature's law.
Trampoose	To walk with labor, or heavily; to tramp.
Tramroad	A road prepared for easy transit of trams or wagons, by forming the wheel tracks of smooth beams of wood, blocks of stone, or plates of iron.
Tramway	Same as Tramroad.
Tramway	A railway laid in the streets of a town or city, on which cars for passengers or for freight are drawn by horses; a horse railroad.
Tranation	The act of swimming over.
Trance	A tedious journey.
Trance	A state in which the soul seems to have passed out of the body into another state of being, or to be rapt into visions; an ecstasy.
Trance	A condition, often simulating death, in which there is a total suspension of the power of voluntary movement, with abolition of all evidences of mental activity and the reduction to a minimum of all the vital functions so that the patient lies still and apparently unconscious of surrounding objects, while the pulsation of the heart and the breathing, although still present, are almost or altogether imperceptible.
Tranced	of Trance
Trancing	of Trance
Trance	To entrance.
Trance	To pass over or across; to traverse.
Trance	To pass; to travel.
Tranect	A ferry.
Trangram	Something intricately contrived; a contrived; a puzzle.
Trannel	A treenail.
Tranquil	Quiet; calm; undisturbed; peaceful; not agitated; as, the atmosphere is tranquil; the condition of the country is tranquil.
Tranquilization	Alt. of Tranquillization
Tranquillization	The act of tranquilizing, or the state of being tranquilized.
Tranquilized	of Tranquillize
Tranquilliized	of Tranquillize
Tranquilizing	of Tranquillize
Tranquillizing	of Tranquillize
Tranquilize	Alt. of Tranquillize
Tranquillize	To render tranquil; to allay when agitated; to compose; to make calm and peaceful; as, to tranquilize a state disturbed by factions or civil commotions; to tranquilize the mind.
Tranquilizer	Alt. of Tranquillizer
Tranquillizer	One who, or that which, tranquilizes.
Tranquilizing	Alt. of Tranquillizing
Tranquillizing	Making tranquil; calming.
Tranquillity	The quality or state of being tranquil; calmness; composure.
Tranquilly	In a tranquil manner; calmly.
Tranquilness	Quality or state of being tranquil.
Trans-	A prefix, signifying over, beyond, through and through, on the other side, as in transalpine, beyond the Alps; transform, to form through and through, that is, anew, transfigure.
Transacted	of Transact
Transacting	of Transact
Transact	To carry through; to do; perform; to manage; as, to transact commercial business; to transact business by an agent.
Transact	To conduct matters; to manage affairs.
Transaction	The doing or performing of any business; management of any affair; performance.
Transaction	That which is done; an affair; as, the transactions on the exchange.
Transaction	An adjustment of a dispute between parties by mutual agreement.
Transactor	One who transacts, performs, or conducts any business.
Transalpine	Being on the farther side of the Alps in regard to Rome, that is, on the north or west side of the Alps; of or pertaining to the region or the people beyond the Alps; as, transalpine Gaul; -- opposed to cisalpine.
Transalpine	A native or inhabitant of a country beyond the Alps, that is, out of Italy.
Transanimated	of Transanimate
Transanimating	of Transanimate
Transanimate	To animate with a soul conveyed from another body.
Transanimation	The conveyance of a soul from one body to another.
Transatlantic	Lying or being beyond the Atlantic Ocean.
Transatlantic	Crossing the Atlantic Ocean.
Transaudient	Permitting the passage of sound.
Transcalency	The quality or state of being transcalent.
Transcalent	Pervious to, or permitting the passage of, heat.
Transcended	of Transcend
Transcending	of Transcend
Transcend	To rise above; to surmount; as, lights in the heavens transcending the region of the clouds.
Transcend	To pass over; to go beyond; to exceed.
Transcend	To surpass; to outgo; to excel; to exceed.
Transcend	To climb; to mount.
Transcend	To be transcendent; to excel.
Transcendence	Alt. of Transcendency
Transcendency	The quality or state of being transcendent; superior excellence; supereminence.
Transcendency	Elevation above truth; exaggeration.
Transcendent	Very excellent; superior or supreme in excellence; surpassing others; as, transcendent worth; transcendent valor.
Transcendent	Transcending, or reaching beyond, the limits of human knowledge; -- applied to affirmations and speculations concerning what lies beyond the reach of the human intellect.
Trancscendent	That which surpasses or is supereminent; that which is very excellent.
Trancscendental	Supereminent; surpassing others; as, transcendental being or qualities.
Trancscendental	In the Kantian system, of or pertaining to that which can be determined a priori in regard to the fundamental principles of all human knowledge. What is transcendental, therefore, transcends empiricism; but is does not transcend all human knowledge, or become transcendent. It simply signifies the a priori or necessary conditions of experience which, though affording the conditions of experience, transcend the sphere of that contingent knowledge which is acquired by experience.
Trancscendental	Vaguely and ambitiously extravagant in speculation, imagery, or diction.
Transcendental	A transcendentalist.
Transcendentalism	The transcending, or going beyond, empiricism, and ascertaining a priori the fundamental principles of human knowledge.
Transcendentalism	Ambitious and imaginative vagueness in thought, imagery, or diction.
Transcendentalist	One who believes in transcendentalism.
Transcendentality	The quality or state of being transcendental.
Transcendentally	In a transcendental manner.
Transcendently	In a transcendent manner.
Transcendentness	Same as Transcendence.
Transcension	The act of transcending, or surpassing; also, passage over.
Transcolated	of Transcolate
Transcolating	of Transcolate
Transcolate	To cause to pass through a sieve or colander; to strain, as through a sieve.
Transcolation	Act of transcolating, or state of being transcolated.
Transcontinental	Extending or going across a continent; as, a transcontinental railroad or journey.
Transcorporate	To transmigrate.
Transcribbler	A transcriber; -- used in contempt.
Transcribed	of Transcribe
Transcribing	of Transcribe
Transcribe	To write over again, or in the same words; to copy; as, to transcribe Livy or Tacitus; to transcribe a letter.
Transcriber	One who transcribes, or writes from a copy; a copier; a copyist.
Transcript	That which has been transcribed; a writing or composition consisting of the same words as the original; a written copy.
Transcript	A copy of any kind; an imitation.
Transcript	A written version of what was said orally; as, a transcript of a trial.
Transcription	The act or process of transcribing, or copying; as, corruptions creep into books by repeated transcriptions.
Transcription	A copy; a transcript.
Transcription	An arrangement of a composition for some other instrument or voice than that for which it was originally written, as the translating of a song, a vocal or instrumental quartet, or even an orchestral work, into a piece for the piano; an adaptation; an arrangement; -- a name applied by modern composers for the piano to a more or less fanciful and ornate reproduction on their own instrument of a song or other piece not originally intended for it; as, Liszt's transcriptions of songs by Schubert.
Transcriptive	Done as from a copy; having the style or appearance of a transcription.
Transcur	To run or rove to and fro.
Transcurrence	A roving hither and thither.
Transcursion	A rambling or ramble; a passage over bounds; an excursion.
Transdialect	To change or translate from one dialect into another.
Transduction	The act of conveying over.
Transe	See Trance.
Transelement	Alt. of Transelementate
Transelementate	To change or transpose the elements of; to transubstantiate.
Transelementation	Transubstantiation.
Transenne	A transom.
Transept	The transversal part of a church, which crosses at right angles to the greatest length, and between the nave and choir. In the basilicas, this had often no projection at its two ends. In Gothic churches these project these project greatly, and should be called the arms of the transept. It is common, however, to speak of the arms themselves as the transepts.
Transexion	Change of sex.
Transfeminate	To change into a woman, as a man.
Transferred	of Transfer
Transferring	of Transfer
Transfer	To convey from one place or person another; to transport, remove, or cause to pass, to another place or person; as, to transfer the laws of one country to another; to transfer suspicion.
Transfer	To make over the possession or control of; to pass; to convey, as a right, from one person to another; to give; as, the title to land is transferred by deed.
Transfer	To remove from one substance or surface to another; as, to transfer drawings or engravings to a lithographic stone.
Transfer	The act of transferring, or the state of being transferred; the removal or conveyance of a thing from one place or person to another.
Transfer	The conveyance of right, title, or property, either real or personal, from one person to another, whether by sale, by gift, or otherwise.
Transfer	That which is transferred.
Transfer	A picture, or the like, removed from one body or ground to another, as from wood to canvas, or from one piece of canvas to another.
Transfer	A drawing or writing printed off from one surface on another, as in ceramics and in many decorative arts.
Transfer	A soldier removed from one troop, or body of troops, and placed in another.
Transfer	A pathological process by virtue of which a unilateral morbid condition on being abolished on one side of the body makes its appearance in the corresponding region upon the other side.
Transferability	The quality or state of being transferable.
Transferable	Capable of being transferred or conveyed from one place or person to another.
Transferable	Negotiable, as a note, bill of exchange, or other evidence of property, that may be conveyed from one person to another by indorsement or other writing; capable of being transferred with no loss of value; as, the stocks of most public companies are transferable; some tickets are not transferable.
Transferee	The person to whom a transfer in made.
Transference	The act of transferring; conveyance; passage; transfer.
Transferography	The act or process of copying inscriptions, or the like, by making transfers.
Transferrence	See Transference.
Transferrer	One who makes a transfer or conveyance.
Transferrible	Capable of being transferred; transferable.
Transfigurate	To transfigure; to transform.
Transfiguratien	A change of form or appearance; especially, the supernatural change in the personal appearance of our Savior on the mount.
Transfiguratien	A feast held by some branches of the Christian church on the 6th of August, in commemoration of the miraculous change above mentioned.
Transfigured	of Transfigure
Transfiguring	of Transfigure
Transfigure	To change the outward form or appearance of; to metamorphose; to transform.
Transfigure	Especially, to change to something exalted and glorious; to give an ideal form to.
Transfixed	of Transfix
Transfixing	of Transfix
Transfix	To pierce through, as with a pointed weapon; to impale; as, to transfix one with a dart.
Transfixion	The act of transfixing, or the state of being transfixed, or pierced.
Transfluent	Flowing or running across or through; as, a transfluent stream.
Transfluent	Passing or flowing through a bridge; -- said of water.
Transflux	A flowing through, across, or beyond.
Transforate	To bore through; to perforate.
Transformed	of Transform
Transforming	of Transform
Transform	To change the form of; to change in shape or appearance; to metamorphose; as, a caterpillar is ultimately transformed into a butterfly.
Transform	To change into another substance; to transmute; as, the alchemists sought to transform lead into gold.
Transform	To change in nature, disposition, heart, character, or the like; to convert.
Transform	To change, as an algebraic expression or geometrical figure, into another from without altering its value.
Transform	To be changed in form; to be metamorphosed.
Transformable	Capable of being transformed or changed.
Transformation	The act of transforming, or the state of being transformed; change of form or condition.
Transformation	Any change in an organism which alters its general character and mode of life, as in the development of the germ into the embryo, the egg into the animal, the larva into the insect (metamorphosis), etc.; also, the change which the histological units of a tissue are prone to undergo. See Metamorphosis.
Transformation	Change of one from of material into another, as in assimilation; metabolism; metamorphosis.
Transformation	The imagined possible or actual change of one metal into another; transmutation.
Transformation	A change in disposition, heart, character, or the like; conversion.
Transformation	The change, as of an equation or quantity, into another form without altering the value.
Transformative	Having power, or a tendency, to transform.
Transformer	One who, or that which, transforms. Specif. (Elec.), an apparatus for producing from a given electrical current another current of different voltage.
Transformism	The hypothesis, or doctrine, that living beings have originated by the modification of some other previously existing forms of living matter; -- opposed to abiogenesis.
Transfreight	To transfrete.
Transfretation	The act of passing over a strait or narrow sea.
Transfrete	To pass over a strait or narrow sea.
Transfuge	Alt. of Transfugitive
Transfugitive	One who flees from one side to another; hence, a deserter; a turncoat; an apostate.
Transfund	To pour from one vessel into another; to transfuse.
Transfused	of Transfuse
Transfusing	of Transfuse
Transfuse	To pour, as liquid, out of one vessel into another; to transfer by pouring.
Transfuse	To transfer, as blood, from the veins or arteries of one man or animal to those of another.
Transfuse	To cause to pass from to another; to cause to be instilled or imbibed; as, to transfuse a spirit of patriotism into a man; to transfuse a love of letters.
Transfusible	Capable of being transfused; transferable by transfusion.
Transfusion	The act of transfusing, or pouring, as liquor, out of one vessel into another.
Transfusion	The act or operation of transferring the blood of one man or animal into the vascular system of another; also, the introduction of any fluid into the blood vessels, or into a cavity of the body from which it can readily be adsorbed into the vessels; intrafusion; as, the peritoneal transfusion of milk.
Transfusive	Tending to transfuse; having power to transfuse.
Transgressed	of Transgress
Transgressing	of Transgress
Transgress	To pass over or beyond; to surpass.
Transgress	Hence, to overpass, as any prescribed as the /imit of duty; to break or violate, as a law, civil or moral.
Transgress	To offend against; to vex.
Transgress	To offend against the law; to sin.
Transgression	The act of transgressing, or of passing over or beyond any law, civil or moral; the violation of a law or known principle of rectitude; breach of command; fault; offense; crime; sin.
Transgressional	Of pertaining to transgression; involving a transgression.
Transgressive	Disposed or tending to transgress; faulty; culpable. -
Transgressor	One who transgresses; one who breaks a law, or violates a command; one who violates any known rule or principle of rectitude; a sinner.
Transhape	To transshape.
Tranship	Same as Transship.
Transhipment	Same as Transshipment.
Transhuman	More than human; superhuman.
Transhumanize	To make more than human; to purity; to elevate above humanity.
Transience	Alt. of Transiency
Transiency	The quality of being transient; transientness.
Transient	Passing before the sight or perception, or, as it were, moving over or across a space or scene viewed, and then disappearing; hence, of short duration; not permanent; not lasting or durable; not stationary; passing; fleeting; brief; transitory; as, transient pleasure.
Transient	Hasty; momentary; imperfect; brief; as, a transient view of a landscape.
Transient	Staying for a short time; not regular or permanent; as, a transient guest; transient boarders.
Transient	That which remains but for a brief time.
Transilience	Alt. of Transiliency
Transiliency	A leap across or from one thing to another.
Transire	A customhouse clearance for a coasting vessel; a permit.
Transit	The act of passing; passage through or over.
Transit	The act or process of causing to pass; conveyance; as, the transit of goods through a country.
Transit	A line or route of passage or conveyance; as, the Nicaragua transit.
Transit	The passage of a heavenly body over the meridian of a place, or through the field of a telescope.
Transit	The passage of a smaller body across the disk of a larger, as of Venus across the sun's disk, or of a satellite or its shadow across the disk of its primary.
Transit	An instrument resembling a theodolite, used by surveyors and engineers; -- called also transit compass, and surveyor's transit.
Transit	To pass over the disk of (a heavenly body).
Transition	Passage from one place or state to another; charge; as, the transition of the weather from hot to cold.
Transition	A direct or indirect passing from one key to another; a modulation.
Transition	A passing from one subject to another.
Transition	Change from one form to another.
Transitional	Of or pertaining to transition; involving or denoting transition; as, transitional changes; transitional stage.
Transitionary	Transitional.
Transitive	Having the power of making a transit, or passage.
Transitive	Effected by transference of signification.
Transitive	Passing over to an object; expressing an action which is not limited to the agent or subject, but which requires an object to complete the sense; as, a transitive verb, for example, he holds the book.
Transitorily	In a transitory manner; with brief continuance.
Transitoriness	The quality or state of being transitory; speedy passage or departure.
Transitory	Continuing only for a short time; not enduring; fleeting; evanescent.
Translatable	Capable of being translated, or rendered into another language.
Translated	of Translate
Translating	of Translate
Translate	To bear, carry, or remove, from one place to another; to transfer; as, to translate a tree.
Translate	To change to another condition, position, place, or office; to transfer; hence, to remove as by death.
Translate	To remove to heaven without a natural death.
Translate	To remove, as a bishop, from one see to another.
Translate	To render into another language; to express the sense of in the words of another language; to interpret; hence, to explain or recapitulate in other words.
Translate	To change into another form; to transform.
Translate	To cause to remove from one part of the body to another; as, to translate a disease.
Translate	To cause to lose senses or recollection; to entrance.
Translate	To make a translation; to be engaged in translation.
Translation	The act of translating, removing, or transferring; removal; also, the state of being translated or removed; as, the translation of Enoch; the translation of a bishop.
Translation	The act of rendering into another language; interpretation; as, the translation of idioms is difficult.
Translation	That which is obtained by translating something a version; as, a translation of the Scriptures.
Translation	A transfer of meaning in a word or phrase, a metaphor; a tralation.
Translation	Transfer of meaning by association; association of ideas.
Translation	Motion in which all the points of the moving body have at any instant the same velocity and direction of motion; -- opposed to rotation.
Translatitious	Metaphorical; tralatitious; also, foreign; exotic.
Translative	tropical; figurative; as, a translative sense.
Translator	One who translates; esp., one who renders into another language; one who expresses the sense of words in one language by equivalent words in another.
Translator	A repeating instrument.
Translatorship	The office or dignity of a translator.
Translatory	Serving to translate; transferring.
Translatress	A woman who translates.
Translavation	A laving or lading from one vessel to another.
Transliterate	To express or represent in the characters of another alphabet; as, to transliterate Sanskrit words by means of English letters.
Transliteration	The act or product of transliterating, or of expressing words of a language by means of the characters of another alphabet.
Translocation	removal of things from one place to another; substitution of one thing for another.
Translucence	Alt. of Translucency
Translucency	The quality or state of being translucent; clearness; partial transparency.
Translucent	Transmitting rays of light without permitting objects to be distinctly seen; partially transparent.
Translucent	Transparent; clear.
Translucently	In a translucent manner.
Translucid	Translucent.
Translunary	Being or lying beyond the moon; hence, ethereal; -- opposed to sublunary.
Transmarine	Lying or being beyond the sea.
Transmeable	Alt. of Transmeatable
Transmeatable	Capable of being passed over or traversed; passable.
Transmeate	To pass over or beyond.
Transmeation	The act of transmeating; a passing through or beyond.
Transmew	To transmute; to transform; to metamorphose.
Transmigrant	Migrating or passing from one place or state to another; passing from one residence to another.
Transmigrant	One who transmigrates.
Transmigrated	of Transmigrate
Transmigrating	of Transmigrate
Transmigrate	To pass from one country or jurisdiction to another for the purpose of residence, as men or families; to migrate.
Transmigrate	To pass from one body or condition into another.
Transmigration	The act of passing from one country to another; migration.
Transmigration	The passing of the soul at death into another mortal body; metempsychosis.
Transmigrator	One who transmigrates.
Transmigratory	Passing from one body or state to another.
Transmissibility	The quality of being transmissible.
Transmissible	Capable of being transmitted from one to another; capable of being passed through any body or substance.
Transmission	The act of transmitting, or the state of being transmitted; as, the transmission of letters, writings, papers, news, and the like, from one country to another; the transmission of rights, titles, or privileges, from father to son, or from one generation to another.
Transmission	The right possessed by an heir or legatee of transmitting to his successor or successors any inheritance, legacy, right, or privilege, to which he is entitled, even if he should die without enjoying or exercising it.
Transmissive	Capable of being transmitted; derived, or handed down, from one to another.
Transmitted	of Transmit
Transmitting	of Transmit
Transmit	To cause to pass over or through; to communicate by sending; to send from one person or place to another; to pass on or down as by inheritance; as, to transmit a memorial; to transmit dispatches; to transmit money, or bills of exchange, from one country to another.
Transmit	To suffer to pass through; as, glass transmits light; metals transmit, or conduct, electricity.
Transmittal	Transmission.
Transmittance	Transmission.
Transmitter	One who, or that which, transmits; specifically, that portion of a telegraphic or telephonic instrument by means of which a message is sent; -- opposed to receiver.
Transmittible	Capable of being transmitted; transmissible.
Transmogrification	The act of transmogrifying, or the state of being transmogrified; transformation.
Transmogrify	To change into a different shape; to transform.
Transmove	To move or change from one state into another; to transform.
Transmutability	The quality of being transmutable.
Transmutable	Capable of being transmuted or changed into a different substance, or into into something of a different form a nature; transformable.
Transmutation	The act of transmuting, or the state of being transmuted; as, the transmutation of metals.
Transmutation	The change or reduction of one figure or body into another of the same area or solidity, but of a different form, as of a triangle into a square.
Transmutation	The change of one species into another, which is assumed to take place in any development theory of life; transformism.
Transmutationist	One who believes in the transmutation of metals or of species.
Transmuted	of Transmute
Transmuting	of Transmute
Transmute	To change from one nature, form, or substance, into another; to transform.
Transmuter	One who transmutes.
Transmutual	Reciprocal; commutual.
Transnatation	The act of swimming across, as a river.
Transnature	To transfer or transform the nature of.
Transom	A horizontal crossbar in a window, over a door, or between a door and a window above it. Transom is the horizontal, as mullion is the vertical, bar across an opening. See Illust. of Mullion.
Transom	One of the principal transverse timbers of the stern, bolted to the sternpost and giving shape to the stern structure; -- called also transsummer.
Transom	The piece of wood or iron connecting the cheeks of some gun carriages.
Transom	The vane of a cross-staff.
Transom	One of the crossbeams connecting the side frames of a truck with each other.
Transpadane	Lying or being on the further side of the river Po with reference to Rome, that is, on the north side; -- opposed to cispadane.
Transpalatine	Situated beyond or outside the palatine bone; -- said of a bone in the skull of some reptiles.
Transpare	To be, or cause to be, transparent; to appear, or cause to appear, or be seen, through something.
Transparence	The quality or state of being transparent; transparency.
Transparencies	of Transparency
Transparency	The quality or condition of being transparent; transparence.
Transparency	That which is transparent; especially, a picture painted on thin cloth or glass, or impressed on porcelain, or the like, to be viewed by natural or artificial light, which shines through it.
Transparent	Having the property of transmitting rays of light, so that bodies can be distinctly seen through; pervious to light; diaphanous; pellucid; as, transparent glass; a transparent diamond; -- opposed to opaque.
Transparent	Admitting the passage of light; open; porous; as, a transparent veil.
Transpass	To pass over; as, Alexander transpassed the river.
Transpass	To pass by; to pass away.
Transpassable	Capable of being transpassed, or crossed over.
Transpatronize	To transfer the patronage of.
Transpeciate	To change from one species to another; to transform.
Transpicuous	Transparent; pervious to the sight.
Transpierced	of Transpierce
Transpiercing	of Transpierce
Transpierce	To pierce through; to penetrate; to permeate; to pass through.
Transpirable	Capable of being transpired, or of transpiring.
Transpiration	The act or process of transpiring or excreting in the form of vapor; exhalation, as through the skin or other membranes of the body; as, pulmonary transpiration, or the excretion of aqueous vapor from the lungs. Perspiration is a form of transpiration.
Transpiration	The evaporation of water, or exhalation of aqueous vapor, from cells and masses of tissue.
Transpiration	The passing of gases through fine tubes, porous substances, or the like; as, transpiration through membranes.
Transpiratory	Of or relating to transpiration.
Transpired	of Transpire
Transpiring	of Transpire
Transpire	To pass off in the form of vapor or insensible perspiration; to exhale.
Transpire	To evaporate from living cells.
Transpire	To escape from secrecy; to become public; as, the proceedings of the council soon transpired.
Transpire	To happen or come to pass; to occur.
Transpire	To excrete through the skin; to give off in the form of vapor; to exhale; to perspire.
Transpire	To evaporate (moisture) from living cells.
Transplaced	of Transplace
Transplacing	of Transplace
Transplace	To remove across some space; to put in an opposite or another place.
Transplanted	of Transplant
Transplanting	of Transplant
Transplant	To remove, and plant in another place; as, to transplant trees.
Transplant	To remove, and settle or establish for residence in another place; as, to transplant inhabitants.
Transplantation	The act of transplanting, or the state of being transplanted; also, removal.
Transplantation	The removal of tissues from a healthy part, and the insertion of them in another place where there is a lesion; as, the transplantation of tissues in autoplasty.
Transplantation	The removal of a bodily organ or of tissues from one person, and the insertion of them into another person to replace a damaged organ or tissue; as, the transplantation of a heart, kidney, or liver.
Transplanter	One who transplants; also, a machine for transplanting trees.
Transplendency	Quality or state of being transplendent.
Transplendent	Resplendent in the highest degree.
Transported	of Transport
Transporting	of Transport
Transport	To carry or bear from one place to another; to remove; to convey; as, to transport goods; to transport troops.
Transport	To carry, or cause to be carried, into banishment, as a criminal; to banish.
Transport	To carry away with vehement emotion, as joy, sorrow, complacency, anger, etc.; to ravish with pleasure or ecstasy; as, music transports the soul.
Transport	Transportation; carriage; conveyance.
Transport	A vessel employed for transporting, especially for carrying soldiers, warlike stores, or provisions, from one place to another, or to convey convicts to their destination; -- called also transport ship, transport vessel.
Transport	Vehement emotion; passion; ecstasy; rapture.
Transport	A convict transported, or sentenced to exile.
Transportability	The quality or state of being transportable.
Transportable	Capable of being transported.
Transportable	Incurring, or subject to, the punishment of transportation; as, a transportable offense.
Transportal	Transportation; the act of removing from one locality to another.
Transportance	Transportation.
Transportant	Transporting; /avishing; as, transportant love.
Transportation	The act of transporting, or the state of being transported; carriage from one place to another; removal; conveyance.
Transportation	Transport; ecstasy.
Transported	Conveyed from one place to another; figuratively, carried away with passion or pleasure; entranced.
Transporter	One who transports.
Transporting	That transports; fig., ravishing.
Transportingly	So as to transport.
Transportment	The act of transporting, or the state of being transported; transportation.
Transposable	That may transposed; as, a transposable phrase.
Transposal	The act of transposing, or the state of being transposed; transposition.
Transposed	of Transpose
Transposing	of Transpose
Transpose	To change the place or order of; to substitute one for the other of; to exchange, in respect of position; as, to transpose letters, words, or propositions.
Transpose	To change; to transform; to invert.
Transpose	To bring, as any term of an equation, from one side over to the other, without destroying the equation; thus, if a + b = c, and we make a = c - b, then b is said to be transposed.
Transpose	To change the natural order of, as words.
Transpose	To change the key of.
Transposer	One who transposes.
Transposition	The act of transposing, or the state of being transposed.
Transposition	The bringing of any term of an equation from one side over to the other without destroying the equation.
Transposition	A change of the natural order of words in a sentence; as, the Latin and Greek languages admit transposition, without inconvenience, to a much greater extent than the English.
Transposition	A change of a composition into another key.
Transpositional	Of or pertaining to transposition; involving transposition.
Transpositive	Made by transposing; consisting in transposition; transposable.
Transprint	To transfer to the wrong place in printing; to print out of place.
Transprose	To change from prose into verse; to versify; also, to change from verse into prose.
Transregionate	Foreign.
Transshaped	of Transshape
Transshaping	of Transshape
Transshape	To change into another shape or form; to transform.
Transship	To transfer from one ship or conveyance to another.
Transshipment	The act of transshipping, or transferring, as goods, from one ship or conveyance to another.
Transubstantiate	To change into another substance.
Transubstantiate	To change, as the sacramental elements, bread and wine, into the flesh and blood of Christ.
Transubstantiation	A change into another substance.
Transubstantiation	The doctrine held by Roman Catholics, that the bread and wine in the Mass is converted into the body and blood of Christ; -- distinguished from consubstantiation, and impanation.
Transubstantiator	One who maintains the doctrine of transubstantiation.
Transudation	The act or process of transuding.
Transudation	Same as Exosmose.
Transudatory	Of or pertaining to transudation; passing by transudation.
Transuded	of Transude
Transuding	of Transude
Transude	To pass, as perspirable matter does, through the pores or interstices of textures; as, liquor may transude through leather or wood.
Transume	To change; to convert.
Transsummer	See Transom, 2.
Transumpt	A copy or exemplification of a record.
Transumption	Act of taking from one place to another.
Transumptive	Taking from one to another; metaphorical.
Transvasate	To pour out of one vessel into another.
Transvasation	The act or process of pouring out of one vessel into another.
Transvection	The act of conveying or carrying over.
Transverberate	To beat or strike through.
Transversal	Running or lying across; transverse; as, a transversal line.
Transversal	A straight line which traverses or intersects any system of other lines, as a line intersecting the three sides of a triangle or the sides produced.
Transverse	Lying or being across, or in a crosswise direction; athwart; -- often opposed to longitudinal.
Transverse	Anything that is transverse or athwart.
Transverse	The longer, or transverse, axis of an ellipse.
Transversed	of Transverse
Transversing	of Transverse
Transverse	To overturn; to change.
Transverse	To change from prose into verse, or from verse into prose.
Transversely	In a transverse manner.
Transversion	The act of changing from prose into verse, or from verse into prose.
Transvert	To cause to turn across; to transverse.
Transvertible	Capable of being transverted.
Transvolation	The act of flying beyond or across.
Trant	To traffic in an itinerary manner; to peddle.
Tranter	One who trants; a peddler; a carrier.
Trapped	of Trap
Trapping	of Trap
Trap	To dress with ornaments; to adorn; -- said especially of horses.
Trap	An old term rather loosely used to designate various dark-colored, heavy igneous rocks, including especially the feldspathic-augitic rocks, basalt, dolerite, amygdaloid, etc., but including also some kinds of diorite. Called also trap rock.
Trap	Of or pertaining to trap rock; as, a trap dike.
Trap	A machine or contrivance that shuts suddenly, as with a spring, used for taking game or other animals; as, a trap for foxes.
Trap	Fig.: A snare; an ambush; a stratagem; any device by which one may be caught unawares.
Trap	A wooden instrument shaped somewhat like a shoe, used in the game of trapball. It consists of a pivoted arm on one end of which is placed the ball to be thrown into the air by striking the other end. Also, a machine for throwing into the air glass balls, clay pigeons, etc., to be shot at.
Trap	The game of trapball.
Trap	A bend, sag, or partitioned chamber, in a drain, soil pipe, sewer, etc., arranged so that the liquid contents form a seal which prevents passage of air or gas, but permits the flow of liquids.
Trap	A place in a water pipe, pump, etc., where air accumulates for want of an outlet.
Trap	A wagon, or other vehicle.
Trap	A kind of movable stepladder.
Trap	To catch in a trap or traps; as, to trap foxes.
Trap	Fig.: To insnare; to take by stratagem; to entrap.
Trap	To provide with a trap; as, to trap a drain; to trap a sewer pipe. See 4th Trap, 5.
Trap	To set traps for game; to make a business of trapping game; as, to trap for beaver.
Trapan	A snare; a stratagem; a trepan. See 3d Trepan.
Trapanned	of Trapan
Trapanning	of Trapan
Trapan	To insnare; to catch by stratagem; to entrap; to trepan.
Trapanner	One who trapans, or insnares.
Trapball	An old game of ball played with a trap. See 4th Trap, 4.
Trapdoor	A lifting or sliding door covering an opening in a roof or floor.
Trapdoor	A door in a level for regulating the ventilating current; -- called also weather door.
Trape	To walk or run about in an idle or slatternly manner; to traipse.
Trapes	A slattern; an idle, sluttish, or untidy woman.
Trapes	To go about in an idle or slatternly fashion; to trape; to traipse.
Trapezate	Having the form of a trapezium; trapeziform.
Trapeze	A trapezium. See Trapezium, 1.
Trapeze	A swinging horizontal bar, suspended at each end by a rope; -- used by gymnasts.
Trapeziform	Having the form of a trapezium; trapezoid.
Trapeziums	of Trapezium
Trapezia	of Trapezium
Trapezium	A plane figure bounded by four right lines, of which no two are parallel.
Trapezium	A bone of the carpus at  the base of the first metacarpal, or thumb.
Trapezium	A region on the ventral side of the brain, either just back of the pons Varolii, or, as in man, covered by the posterior extension of its transverse fibers.
Trapezohedral	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a trapezohedron.
Trapezohedron	A solid bounded by twenty-four equal and similar trapeziums; a tetragonal trisoctahedron. See the Note under Trisoctahedron.
Trapezohedron	A tetartohedral solid of the hexagonal system, bounded by six trapezoidal planes. The faces of this form are common on quartz crystals.
Trapezoid	A plane four-sided figure, having two sides parallel to each other.
Trapezoid	A bone of the carpus at the base of the second metacarpal, or index finger.
Trapezoid	Having the form of a trapezoid; trapezoidal; as, the  trapezoid ligament  which connects the coracoid process and the clavicle.
Trapezoid	Of or pertaining to the trapezoid ligament; as, the trapezoid line.
Trapezoidal	Having the form of a trapezoid; trapezoid.
Trapezoidal	Trapezohedral.
Traphole	See Trou-de-loup.
Trappean	Of or pertaining to trap; being of the nature of trap.
Trapper	One who traps animals; one who makes a business of trapping animals for their furs.
Trapper	A boy who opens and shuts a trapdoor in a gallery or level.
Trappings	That which serves to trap or adorn; ornaments; dress; superficial decorations.
Trappings	Specifically, ornaments to be put on horses.
Trappist	A monk belonging to a branch of the Cistercian Order, which was established by Armand de Rance in 1660 at the monastery of La Trappe in Normandy.  Extreme austerity characterizes their discipline.  They were introduced permanently into the United States in 1848, and have monasteries in Iowa and Kentucky.
Trappous	Of or performance to trap; resembling trap, or partaking of its form or qualities; trappy.
Trappures	Trappings for a horse.
Trappy	Same as Trappous.
Traps	Small or portable articles for dress, furniture, or use; goods; luggage; things.
Trapstick	A stick used in playing the game of trapball; hence, fig., a slender leg.
Trash	That which is worthless or useless; rubbish; refuse.
Trash	Especially, loppings and leaves of trees, bruised sugar cane, or the like.
Trash	A worthless person.
Trash	A collar, leash, or halter used to restrain a dog in pursuing game.
Trashed	of Trash
Trashing	of Trash
Trash	To free from trash, or worthless matter; hence, to lop; to crop, as to trash the rattoons of sugar cane.
Trash	To treat as trash, or worthless matter; hence, to spurn, humiliate, or crush.
Trash	To hold back by a trash or leash, as a dog in pursuing game; hence, to retard, encumber, or restrain; to clog; to hinder vexatiously.
Trash	To follow with violence and trampling.
Trashily	In a trashy manner.
Trashiness	The quality or state of being trashy.
Trashy	Like trash; containing much trash; waste; rejected; worthless; useless; as, a trashy novel.
Trass	A white to gray volcanic tufa, formed of decomposed trachytic cinders; -- sometimes used as a cement. Hence, a coarse sort of plaster or mortar, durable in water, and used to line cisterns and other reservoirs of water.
Traulism	A stammering or stuttering.
Traumatic	Of or pertaining to wounds; applied to wounds.
Traumatic	Adapted to the cure of wounds; vulnerary.
Traumatic	Produced by wounds; as, traumatic tetanus.
Traumatic	A traumatic medicine.
Traumatism	A wound or injury directly produced by causes external to the body; also, violence producing a wound or injury; as, rupture of the stomach caused by traumatism.
Traunce	See Trance.
Traunt	Same as Trant.
Traunter	Same as Tranter.
Travail	Labor with pain; severe toil or exertion.
Travail	Parturition; labor; as, an easy travail.
Travailed	of Travail
Travailing	of Travail
Travail	To labor with pain; to toil.
Travail	To suffer the pangs of childbirth; to be in labor.
Travail	To harass; to tire.
Travailous	Causing travail; laborious.
Trave	A crossbeam; a lay of joists.
Trave	A wooden frame to confine an unruly horse or ox while shoeing.
Traveled	of Travel
Travelled	of Travel
Traveling	of Travel
Travelling	of Travel
Travel	To labor; to travail.
Travel	To go or march on foot; to walk; as, to travel over the city, or through the streets.
Travel	To pass by riding, or in any manner, to a distant place, or to many places; to journey; as, a man travels for his health; he is traveling in California.
Travel	To pass; to go; to move.
Travel	To journey over; to traverse; as, to travel the continent.
Travel	To force to journey.
Travel	The act of traveling, or journeying from place to place; a journey.
Travel	An account, by a traveler, of occurrences and observations during a journey; as, a book of travels; -- often used as the title of a book; as, Travels in Italy.
Travel	The length of stroke of a reciprocating piece; as, the travel of a slide valve.
Travel	Labor; parturition; travail.
Traveled	Having made journeys; having gained knowledge or experience by traveling; hence, knowing; experienced.
Traveler	One who travels; one who has traveled much.
Traveler	A commercial agent who travels for the purpose of receiving orders for merchants, making collections, etc.
Traveler	A traveling crane. See under Crane.
Traveler	The metal loop which travels around the ring surrounding the bobbin, in a ring spinner.
Traveler	An iron encircling a rope, bar, spar, or the like, and sliding thereon.
Travel-tainted	Harassed; fatigued with travel.
Travers	Across; athwart.
Traversable	Capable of being traversed, or passed over; as, a traversable region.
Traversable	Deniable; specifically (Law), liable to legal objection; as, a traversable presentment.
Traverse	Lying across; being in a direction across something else; as, paths cut with traverse trenches.
Traverse	Athwart; across; crosswise.
Traverse	Anything that traverses, or crosses.
Traverse	Something that thwarts, crosses, or obstructs; a cross accident; as, he would have succeeded, had it not been for unlucky traverses not under his control.
Traverse	A barrier, sliding door, movable screen, curtain, or the like.
Traverse	A gallery or loft of communication from side to side of a church or other large building.
Traverse	A work thrown up to intercept an enfilade, or reverse fire, along exposed passage, or line of work.
Traverse	A formal denial of some matter of fact alleged by the opposite party in any stage of the pleadings. The technical words introducing a traverse are absque hoc, without this; that is, without this which follows.
Traverse	The zigzag course or courses made by a ship in passing from one place to another; a compound course.
Traverse	A line lying across a figure or other lines; a transversal.
Traverse	A line surveyed across a plot of ground.
Traverse	The turning of a gun so as to make it point in any desired direction.
Traverse	A turning; a trick; a subterfuge.
Traversed	of Traverse
Traversing	of Traverse
Traverse	To lay in a cross direction; to cross.
Traverse	To cross by way of opposition; to thwart with obstacles; to obstruct; to bring to naught.
Traverse	To wander over; to cross in traveling; as, to traverse the habitable globe.
Traverse	To pass over and view; to survey carefully.
Traverse	To turn to the one side or the other, in order to point in any direction; as, to traverse a cannon.
Traverse	To plane in a direction across the grain of the wood; as, to traverse a board.
Traverse	To deny formally, as what the opposite party has alleged. When the plaintiff or defendant advances new matter, he avers it to be true, and traverses what the other party has affirmed. To traverse an indictment or an office is to deny it.
Traverse	To use the posture or motions of opposition or counteraction, as in fencing.
Traverse	To turn, as on a pivot; to move round; to swivel; as, the needle of a compass traverses; if it does not traverse well, it is an unsafe guide.
Traverse	To tread or move crosswise, as a horse that throws his croup to one side and his head to the other.
Traverser	One who, or that which, traverses, or moves, as an index on a scale, and the like.
Traverser	One who traverses, or denies.
Traverser	A traverse table. See under Traverse, n.
Traversing	Adjustable laterally; having a lateral motion, or a swinging motion; adapted for giving lateral motion.
Travertine	A white concretionary form of calcium carbonate, usually hard and semicrystalline. It is deposited from the water of springs or streams holding lime in solution. Extensive deposits exist at Tivoli, near Rome.
Travesty	Disguised by dress so as to be ridiculous; travestied; -- applied to a book or shorter composition.
Travesties	of Travesty
Travesty	A burlesque translation or imitation of a work.
Travestied	of Travesty
Travesting	of Travesty
Travesty	To translate, imitate, or represent, so as to render ridiculous or ludicrous.
Trawl	To take fish, or other marine animals, with a trawl.
Trawl	A fishing line, often extending a mile or more, having many short lines bearing hooks attached to it. It is used for catching cod, halibut, etc.; a boulter.
Trawl	A large bag net attached to a beam with iron frames at its ends, and dragged at the bottom of the sea, -- used in fishing, and in gathering forms of marine life from the sea bottom.
Trawlboat	A boat used in fishing with trawls or trawlnets.
Trawler	One who, or that which, trawls.
Trawler	A fishing vessel which trails a net behind it.
Trawlermen	of Trawlerman
Trawlerman	A fisherman who used unlawful arts and engines to catch fish.
Trawlnet	Same as Trawl, n., 2.
Trawlwarp	A rope passing through a block, used in managing or dragging a trawlnet.
Tray	To betray; to deceive.
Trays	of Tray
Tray	A small trough or wooden vessel, sometimes scooped out of a block of wood, for various domestic uses, as in making bread, chopping meat, etc.
Tray	A flat, broad vessel on which dishes, glasses, etc., are carried; a waiter; a salver.
Tray	A shallow box, generally without a top, often used within a chest, trunk, box, etc., as a removable receptacle for small or light articles.
Trayfuls	of Trayful
Trayful	As much as a tray will hold; enough to fill a tray.
Trays	See Trais.
Tray-trip	An old game played with dice.
Treacher	A traitor; a cheat.
Treacherous	Like a traitor; involving treachery; violating allegiance or faith pledged; traitorous to the state or sovereign; perfidious in private life; betraying a trust; faithless.
Treachery	Violation of allegiance or of faith and confidence; treasonable or perfidious conduct; perfidy; treason.
Treachetour	Alt. of Treachour
Treachour	A traitor.
Treacle	A remedy against poison. See Theriac, 1.
Treacle	A sovereign remedy; a cure.
Treacle	Molasses; sometimes, specifically, the molasses which drains from the sugar-refining molds, and which is also called sugarhouse molasses.
Treacle	A saccharine fluid, consisting of the inspissated juices or decoctions of certain vegetables, as the sap of the birch, sycamore, and the like.
Treacly	Like, or composed of, treacle.
Trod	of Tread
Trodden	of Tread
Trod	of Tread
Treading	of Tread
Tread	To set the foot; to step.
Tread	To walk or go; especially, to walk with a stately or a cautious step.
Tread	To copulate; said of birds, esp. the males.
Tread	To step or walk on.
Tread	To beat or press with the feet; as, to tread a path; to tread land when too light; a well-trodden path.
Tread	To go through or accomplish by walking, dancing, or the like.
Tread	To crush under the foot; to trample in contempt or hatred; to subdue.
Tread	To copulate with; to feather; to cover; -- said of the male bird.
Tread	A step or stepping; pressure with the foot; a footstep; as, a nimble tread; a cautious tread.
Tread	Manner or style of stepping; action; gait; as, the horse has a good tread.
Tread	Way; track; path.
Tread	The act of copulation in birds.
Tread	The upper horizontal part of a step, on which the foot is placed.
Tread	The top of the banquette, on which soldiers stand to fire over the parapet.
Tread	The part of a wheel that bears upon the road or rail.
Tread	The part of a rail upon which car wheels bear.
Tread	The chalaza of a bird's egg; the treadle.
Tread	A bruise or abrasion produced on the foot or ankle of a horse that interferes. See Interfere, 3.
Treadboard	See Tread, n., 5.
Treader	One who treads.
Treadfowl	A cock.
Treadle	The part of a foot lathe, or other machine, which is pressed or moved by the foot.
Treadle	The chalaza of a bird's egg; the tread.
Treadmill	A mill worked by persons treading upon steps on the periphery of a wide wheel having a horizontal axis. It is used principally as a means of prison discipline. Also, a mill worked by horses, dogs, etc., treading an endless belt.
Tread-softly	Spurge nettle. See under Nettle.
Treadwheel	A wheel turned by persons or animals, by treading, climbing, or pushing with the feet, upon its periphery or face. See Treadmill.
Treague	A truce.
Treason	The offense of attempting to overthrow the government of the state to which the offender owes allegiance, or of betraying the state into the hands of a foreign power; disloyalty; treachery.
Treason	Loosely, the betrayal of any trust or confidence; treachery; perfidy.
Treasonable	Pertaining to treason; consisting of treason; involving the crime of treason, or partaking of its guilt.
Treasonous	Treasonable.
Treasure	Wealth accumulated; especially, a stock, or store of money in reserve.
Treasure	A great quantity of anything collected for future use; abundance; plenty.
Treasure	That which is very much valued.
Treasured	of Treasure
Treasuring	of Treasure
Treasure	To collect and deposit, as money or other valuable things, for future use; to lay up; to hoard; usually with up; as, to treasure up gold.
Treasure-house	A house or building where treasures and stores are kept.
Treasurer	One who has the care of a treasure or treasure or treasury; an officer who receives the public money arising from taxes and duties, or other sources of revenue, takes charge of the same, and disburses it upon orders made by the proper authority; one who has charge of collected funds; as, the treasurer of a society or corporation.
Treasurership	The office of treasurer.
Treasuress	A woman who is a treasurer.
Treasure-trove	Any money, bullion, or the like, found in the earth, or otherwise hidden, the owner of which is not known. In England such treasure belongs to the crown; whereas similar treasure found in the sea, or upon the surface of the land, belongs to the finder if no owner appears.
Treasuries	of Treasury
Treasury	A place or building in which stores of wealth are deposited; especially, a place where public revenues are deposited and kept, and where money is disbursed to defray the expenses of government; hence, also, the place of deposit and disbursement of any collected funds.
Treasury	That department of a government which has charge of the finances.
Treasury	A repository of abundance; a storehouse.
Treasury	Hence, a book or work containing much valuable knowledge, wisdom, wit, or the like; a thesaurus; as, " Maunder's Treasury of Botany."
Treasury	A treasure.
Treated	of Treat
Treating	of Treat
Treat	To handle; to manage; to use; to bear one's self toward; as, to treat prisoners cruelly; to treat children kindly.
Treat	To discourse on; to handle in a particular manner, in writing or speaking; as, to treat a subject diffusely.
Treat	To entertain with food or drink, especially the latter, as a compliment, or as an expression of friendship or regard; as, to treat the whole company.
Treat	To negotiate; to settle; to make terms for.
Treat	To care for medicinally or surgically; to manage in the use of remedies or appliances; as, to treat a disease, a wound, or a patient.
Treat	To subject to some action; to apply something to; as, to treat a substance with sulphuric acid.
Treat	To entreat; to beseech.
Treat	To discourse; to handle a subject in writing or speaking; to make discussion; -- usually with of; as, Cicero treats of old age and of duties.
Treat	To negotiate; to come to terms of accommodation; -- often followed by with; as, envoys were appointed to treat with France.
Treat	To give a gratuitous entertainment, esp. of food or drink, as a compliment.
Treat	A parley; a conference.
Treat	An entertainment given as an expression of regard.
Treat	That which affords entertainment; a gratification; a satisfaction; as, the concert was a rich treat.
Treatable	Manageable; tractable; hence, moderate; not violent.
Treatably	In a treatable manner.
Treater	One who treats; one who handles, or discourses on, a subject; also, one who entertains.
Treatise	A written composition on a particular subject, in which its principles are discussed or explained; a tract.
Treatise	Story; discourse.
Treatiser	One who writes a treatise.
Treatment	The act or manner of treating; management; manipulation; handling; usage; as, unkind treatment; medical treatment.
Treatment	Entertainment; treat.
Treature	Treatment.
Treaties	of Treaty
Treaty	The act of treating for the adjustment of differences, as for forming an agreement; negotiation.
Treaty	An agreement so made; specifically, an agreement, league, or contract between two or more nations or sovereigns, formally signed by commissioners properly authorized, and solemnly ratified by the several sovereigns, or the supreme power of each state; an agreement between two or more independent states; as, a treaty of peace; a treaty of alliance.
Treaty	A proposal tending to an agreement.
Treaty	A treatise; a tract.
Treble	Threefold; triple.
Treble	Acute; sharp; as, a treble sound.
Treble	Playing or singing the highest part or most acute sounds; playing or singing the treble; as, a treble violin or voice.
Treble	Trebly; triply.
Treble	The highest of the four principal parts in music; the part usually sung by boys or women; soprano.
Trebled	of Treble
Trebling	of Treble
Treble	To make thrice as much; to make threefold.
Treble	To utter in a treble key; to whine.
Treble	To become threefold.
Trebleness	The quality or state of being treble; as, the trebleness of tones.
Treblet	Same as Triblet.
Trebly	In a treble manner; with a threefold number or quantity; triply.
Trebuchet	Alt. of Trebucket
Trebucket	A cucking stool; a tumbrel.
Trebucket	A military engine used in the Middle Ages for throwing stones, etc.  It acted by means of a great weight fastened to the short arm of a lever, which, being let fall, raised the end of the long arm with great velocity, hurling stones with much force.
Trebucket	A kind of balance for weighing.
Trechometer	An odometer for vehicles.
Treckschuyt	A covered boat for goods and passengers, used on the Dutch and Flemish canals.
Treddle	See Treadle.
Treddle	A prostitute; a strumpet.
Treddle	The dung of sheep or hares.
Tredille	A game at cards for three.
Tree	Any perennial woody plant of considerable size (usually over twenty feet high) and growing with a single trunk.
Tree	Something constructed in the form of, or considered as resembling, a tree, consisting of a stem, or stock, and branches; as, a genealogical tree.
Tree	A piece of timber, or something commonly made of timber; -- used in composition, as in axletree, boottree, chesstree, crosstree, whiffletree, and the like.
Tree	A cross or gallows; as Tyburn tree.
Tree	Wood; timber.
Tree	A mass of crystals, aggregated in arborescent forms, obtained by precipitation of a metal from solution. See Lead tree, under Lead.
Treed	of Tree
Treeing	of Tree
Tree	To drive to a tree; to cause to ascend a tree; as, a dog trees a squirrel.
Tree	To place upon a tree; to fit with a tree; to stretch upon a tree; as, to tree a boot. See Tree, n., 3.
Treebeard	A pendulous branching lichen (Usnea barbata); -- so called from its resemblance to hair.
Treefuls	of Treeful
Treeful	The quantity or number which fills a tree.
Treeless	Destitute of trees.
Treen	Made of wood; wooden.
Treen	Relating to, or drawn from, trees.
Treen	pl. of Tree.
Treenail	A long wooden pin used in fastening the planks of a vessel to the timbers or to each other.
Trefle	A species of time; -- so called from its resemblance in form to a trefoil.
Trefle	Having a three-lobed extremity or extremities, as a cross; also, more rarely, ornamented with trefoils projecting from the edges, as a bearing.
Trefoil	Any plant of the genus Trifolium, which includes the white clover, red clover, etc.; -- less properly, applied also to the nonesuch, or black medic. See Clover, and Medic.
Trefoil	An ornamental foliation consisting of three divisions, or foils.
Trefoil	A charge representing the clover leaf.
Trefoiled	Same as Trefle.
Treget	Guile; trickery.
Tregetour	A juggler who produces illusions by the use of elaborate machinery.
Tregetry	Trickery; also, a trick.
Trehala	An amorphous variety of manna obtained from the nests and cocoons of a Syrian coleopterous insect (Larinus maculatus, L. nidificans, etc.) which feeds on the foliage of a variety of thistle. It is used as an article of food, and is called also nest sugar.
Trehalose	Mycose; -- so called because sometimes obtained from trehala.
Treillage	Latticework for supporting vines, etc.; an espalier; a trellis.
Trellis	A structure or frame of crossbarred work, or latticework, used for various purposes, as for screens or for supporting plants.
Trellised	Having a trellis or trellises.
Tremando	Trembling; -- used as a direction to perform a passage with a general shaking of the whole chord.
Trematode	One of the Trematodea. Also used adjectively.
Trematodea	An extensive order of parasitic worms. They are found in the internal cavities of animals belonging to all classes. Many species are found, also, on the gills and skin of fishes. A few species are parasitic on man, and some, of which the fluke is the most important, are injurious parasites of domestic animals. The trematodes usually have a flattened body covered with a chitinous skin, and are furnished with two or more suckers for adhesion. Most of the species are hermaphrodite. Called also Trematoda, and Trematoidea. See Fluke, Tristoma, and Cercaria.
Trematoid	Of or pertaining to the Trematodea. See Illustration in Appendix.
Trembled	of Tremble
Trembling	of Tremble
Tremble	To shake involuntarily, as with fear, cold, or weakness; to quake; to quiver; to shiver; to shudder; -- said of a person or an animal.
Tremble	To totter; to shake; -- said of a thing.
Tremble	To quaver or shake, as sound; to be tremulous; as the voice trembles.
Tremble	An involuntary shaking or quivering.
Trembler	One who trembles.
Trembling	Shaking; tottering; quivering.
Tremella	A genus of gelatinous fungi found in moist grounds.
Tremendous	Fitted to excite fear or terror; such as may astonish or terrify by its magnitude, force, or violence; terrible; dreadful; as, a tremendous wind; a tremendous shower; a tremendous shock or fall.
Tremex	A genus of large hymenopterous insects allied to the sawflies. The female lays her eggs in holes which she bores in the trunks of trees with her large and long ovipositor, and the larva bores in the wood. See Illust. of Horntail.
Tremolando	Same as Tremando.
Tremolite	A white variety of amphibole, or hornblende, occurring in long, bladelike crystals, and coarsely fibrous masses.
Tremolo	The rapid reiteration of tones without any apparent cessation, so as to produce a tremulous effect.
Tremolo	A certain contrivance in an organ, which causes the notes to sound with rapid pulses or beats, producing a tremulous effect; -- called also tremolant, and tremulant.
Tremor	A trembling; a shivering or shaking; a quivering or vibratory motion; as, the tremor of a person who is weak, infirm, or old.
Tremulant	Alt. of Tremulent
Tremulent	Tremulous; trembling; shaking.
Tremulous	Shaking; shivering; quivering; as, a tremulous limb; a tremulous motion of the hand or the lips; the tremulous leaf of the poplar.
Tremulous	Affected with fear or timidity; trembling.
Tren	A fish spear.
Trenail	Same as Treenail.
Trenched	of Trench
Trenching	of Trench
Trench	To cut; to form or shape by cutting; to make by incision, hewing, or the like.
Trench	To fortify by cutting a ditch, and raising a rampart or breastwork with the earth thrown out of the ditch; to intrench.
Trench	To cut furrows or ditches in; as, to trench land for the purpose of draining it.
Trench	To dig or cultivate very deeply, usually by digging parallel contiguous trenches in succession, filling each from the next; as, to trench a garden for certain crops.
Trench	To encroach; to intrench.
Trench	To have direction; to aim or tend.
Trench	A long, narrow cut in the earth; a ditch; as, a trench for draining land.
Trench	An alley; a narrow path or walk cut through woods, shrubbery, or the like.
Trench	An excavation made during a siege, for the purpose of covering the troops as they advance toward the besieged place. The term includes the parallels and the approaches.
Trenchand	Trenchant.
Trenchant	Fitted to trench or cut; gutting; sharp.
Trenchant	Fig.: Keen; biting; severe; as, trenchant wit.
Trenchantly	In a trenchant, or sharp, manner; sharply; severely.
Trencher	One who trenches; esp., one who cuts or digs ditches.
Trencher	A large wooden plate or platter, as for table use.
Trencher	The table; hence, the pleasures of the table; food.
Trencher-men	of Trencher-man
Trencher-man	A feeder; a great eater; a gormandizer.
Trencher-man	A cook.
Trencher-man	A table companion; a trencher mate.
Trenchmore	A kind of lively dance of a rude, boisterous character. Also, music in triple time appropriate to the dance.
Trenchmore	To dance the trenchmore.
Trench-plow	Alt. of Trench-plough
Trench-plough	To plow with deep furrows, for the purpose of loosening the land to a greater depth than usual.
Trended	of Trend
Trending	of Trend
Trend	To have a particular direction; to run; to stretch; to tend; as, the shore of the sea trends to the southwest.
Trend	To cause to turn; to bend.
Trend	Inclination in a particular direction; tendency; general direction; as, the trend of a coast.
Trend	To cleanse, as wool.
Trend	Clean wool.
Trender	One whose business is to free wool from its filth.
Trendle	A wheel, spindle, or the like; a trundle.
Trental	An office and mass for the dead on the thirtieth day after death or burial.
Trental	Hence, a dirge; an elegy.
Trenton period	A subdivision in the lower Silurian system of America; -- so named from Trenton Falls, in New York. The rocks are mostly limestones, and the period is divided into the Trenton, Utica, and Cincinnati epochs. See the Chart of Geology.
Trepan	A crown-saw or cylindrical saw for perforating the skull, turned, when used, like a bit or gimlet. See Trephine.
Trepan	A kind of broad chisel for sinking shafts.
Trepanned	of Trepan
Trepanning	of Trepan
Trepan	To perforate (the skull) with a trepan, so as to remove a portion of the bone, and thus relieve the brain from pressure or irritation; to perform an operation with the trepan.
Trepan	A snare; a trapan.
Trepan	a deceiver; a cheat.
Trepan	To insnare; to trap; to trapan.
Trepang	Any one of several species of large holothurians, some of which are dried and extensively used as food in China; -- called also beche de mer, sea cucumber, and sea slug.
Trepanize	To trepan.
Trepanner	One who trepans.
Trepeget	A trebuchet.
Trephine	An instrument for trepanning, being an improvement on the trepan. It is a circular or cylindrical saw, with a handle like that of a gimlet, and a little sharp perforator called the center pin.
Trephined	of Trephine
Trephining	of Trephine
Trephine	To perforate with a trephine; to trepan.
Trepid	Trembling; quaking.
Trepidation	An involuntary trembling, sometimes an effect of paralysis, but usually caused by terror or fear; quaking; quivering.
Trepidation	Hence, a state of terror or alarm; fear; confusion; fright; as, the men were in great trepidation.
Trepidation	A libration of the starry sphere in the Ptolemaic system; a motion ascribed to the firmament, to account for certain small changes in the position of the ecliptic and of the stars.
Trepidity	Trepidation.
Tresayle	A grandfather's grandfather.
Tresor	Treasure.
Trespassed	of Trespass
Trespassing	of Trespass
Trespass	To pass beyond a limit or boundary; hence, to depart; to go.
Trespass	To commit a trespass; esp., to enter unlawfully upon the land of another.
Trespass	To go too far; to put any one to inconvenience by demand or importunity; to intrude; as, to trespass upon the time or patience of another.
Trespass	To commit any offense, or to do any act that injures or annoys another; to violate any rule of rectitude, to the injury of another; hence, in a moral sense, to transgress voluntarily any divine law or command; to violate any known rule of duty; to sin; -- often followed by against.
Trespass	Any injury or offence done to another.
Trespass	Any voluntary transgression of the moral law; any violation of a known rule of duty; sin.
Trespass	An unlawful act committed with force and violence (vi et armis) on the person, property, or relative rights of another.
Trespass	An action for injuries accompanied with force.
Trespasser	One who commits a trespass
Trespasser	One who enters upon another's land, or violates his rights.
Trespasser	A transgressor of the moral law; an offender; a sinner.
Tress	A braid, knot, or curl, of hair; a ringlet.
Tress	Fig.: A knot or festoon, as of flowers.
Tressed	Having tresses.
Tressed	Formed into ringlets or braided; braided; curled.
Tressel	A trestle.
Tressful	Tressy.
Tressure	A kind of border similar to the orle, but of only half the breadth of the latter.
Tressured	Provided or bound with a tressure; arranged in the form of a tressure.
Tressy	Abounding in tresses.
Trestle	A movable frame or support for anything, as scaffolding, consisting of three or four legs secured to a top piece, and forming a sort of stool or horse, used by carpenters, masons, and other workmen; also, a kind of framework of strong posts or piles, and crossbeams, for supporting a bridge, the track of a railway, or the like.
Trestle	The frame of a table.
Trestletree	One of two strong bars of timber, fixed horizontally on the opposite sides of the masthead, to support the crosstrees and the frame of the top; -- generally used in the plural.
Trestlework	A viaduct, pier, scaffold, or the like, resting on trestles connected together.
Tres-tyne	In the antler of a stag, the third tyne above the base. This tyne appears in the third year. In those deer in which the brow tyne does not divide, the tres-tyne is the second tyne above the base. See Illust. under Rucervine, and under Rusine.
Tret	3d pers. sing. pres. of Tread, for treadeth.
Tret	An allowance to purchasers, for waste or refuse matter, of four pounds on every 104 pounds of suttle weight, or weight after the tare deducted.
Tretable	Tractable; moderate.
Trething	A tax; an impost.
Tretis	Alt. of Tretys
Tretys	A treatise; also, a treaty.
Tretis	Alt. of Tretys
Tretys	Long and well-proportioned; nicely made; pretty.
Trevat	A weaver's cutting instrument; for severing the loops of the pile threads of velvet.
Trevet	A stool or other thing supported by three legs; a trivet.
Trew	Alt. of Trewe
Trewe	True.
Trews	Trowsers; especially, those of the Scotch Highlanders.
Trewth	Truth.
Trey	Three, at cards, dice, or dominoes; a card, die, or domino of three spots or pips.
Tri-	A prefix meaning three, thrice, threefold; as in tricolored, tridentate.
Tri-	A prefix (also used adjectively) denoting three proportional or combining part, or the third degree of that to the name of which it is prefixed; as in trisulphide, trioxide, trichloride.
Triable	Fit or possible to be tried; liable to be subjected to trial or test.
Triable	Liable to undergo a judicial examination; properly coming under the cognizance of a court; as, a cause may be triable before one court which is not triable in another.
Triableness	Quality or state of being triable.
Triacid	Capable of neutralizing three molecules of a monobasic acid or the equivalent; having three hydrogen atoms which may be acid radicals; -- said of certain bases; thus, glycerin is a triacid base.
Triacle	See Treacle.
Triacontahedral	Having thirty sides.
Triaconter	A vessel with thirty banks of oars, or, as some say, thirty ranks of rowers.
Triad	A union of three; three objects treated as one; a ternary; a trinity; as, a triad of deities.
Triad	A chord of three notes.
Triad	The common chord, consisting of a tone with its third and fifth, with or without the octave.
Triad	An element or radical whose valence is three.
Triadelphous	Having stamens joined by filaments into three bundles. See Illust. under Adelphous.
Triadic	Having the characteristics of a triad; as, boron is triadic.
Triakisoctahedron	A trigonal trisoctahedron.
Trial	The act of trying or testing in any manner.
Trial	Any effort or exertion of strength for the purpose of ascertaining what can be done or effected.
Trial	The act of testing by experience; proof; test.
Trial	Examination by a test; experiment, as in chemistry, metallurgy, etc.
Trial	The state of being tried or tempted; exposure to suffering that tests strength, patience, faith, or the like; affliction or temptation that exercises and proves the graces or virtues of men.
Trial	That which tries or afflicts; that which harasses; that which tries the character or principles; that which tempts to evil; as, his child's conduct was a sore trial.
Trial	The formal examination of the matter in issue in a cause before a competent tribunal; the mode of determining a question of fact in a court of law; the examination, in legal form, of the facts in issue in a cause pending before a competent tribunal, for the purpose of determining such issue.
Triality	Three united; state of being three.
Trialogue	A discourse or colloquy by three persons.
Triamide	An amide containing three amido groups.
Triamine	An amine containing three amido groups.
Triander	Any one of the Triandria.
Triandria	A Linnaean class of plants having three distinct and equal stamens.
Triandrian	Alt. of Triandrous
Triandrous	Of or pertaining to the Triandria; having three distinct and equal stamens in the same flower.
Triangle	A figure bounded by three lines, and containing three angles.
Triangle	An instrument of percussion, usually made of a rod of steel, bent into the form of a triangle, open at one angle, and sounded by being struck with a small metallic rod.
Triangle	A draughtsman's square in the form of a right-angled triangle.
Triangle	A kind of frame formed of three poles stuck in the ground and united at the top, to which soldiers were bound when undergoing corporal punishment, -- now disused.
Triangle	A small constellation situated between Aries and Andromeda.
Triangle	A small constellation near the South Pole, containing three bright stars.
Triangled	Having three angles; triangular.
Triangular	Having three angles; having the form of a triangle.
Triangular	Oblong or elongated, and having three lateral angles; as, a triangular seed, leaf, or stem.
Triangulares	The triangular, or maioid, crabs. See Illust. under Maioid, and Illust. of Spider crab, under Spider.
Triangularity	The quality or state of being triangular.
Triangularly	In a triangular manner; in the form of a triangle.
Triangulated	of Triangulate
Triangulating	of Triangulate
Triangulate	To divide into triangles; specifically, to survey by means of a series of triangles properly laid down and measured.
Triangulate	To make triangular, or three-cornered.
Triangulation	The series or network of triangles into which the face of a country, or any portion of it, is divided in a trigonometrical survey; the operation of measuring the elements necessary to determine the triangles into which the country to be surveyed is supposed to be divided, and thus to fix the positions and distances of the several points connected by them.
Triarchies	of Triarchy
Triarchy	Government by three persons; a triumvirate; also, a country under three rulers.
Triarian	Occupying the third post or rank.
Triarticulate	Having three joints.
Trias	The formation situated between the Permian and Lias, and so named by the Germans, because consisting of three series of strata, which are called in German the Bunter sandstein, Muschelkalk, and Keuper.
Triassic	Of the age of, or pertaining to, the Trias.
Triassic	The Triassic formation.
Triatic	A term used in the phrase triatic stay. See under Stay.
Triatomic	Having three atoms; -- said of certain elements or radicals.
Triatomic	Having a valence of three; trivalent; sometimes, in a specific sense, having three hydroxyl groups, whether acid or basic; thus, glycerin, glyceric acid, and tartronic acid are each triatomic.
Tribal	Of or pertaining to a tribe or tribes; as, a tribal scepter.
Tribalism	The state of existing in tribes; also, tribal feeling; tribal prejudice or exclusiveness; tribal peculiarities or characteristics.
Tribasic	Capable of neutralizing three molecules of a monacid base, or their equivalent; having three hydrogen atoms capable of replacement by basic elements on radicals; -- said of certain acids; thus, citric acid is a tribasic acid.
Tribble	A frame on which paper is dried.
Tribe	A family, race, or series of generations, descending from the same progenitor, and kept distinct, as in the case of the twelve tribes of Israel, descended from the twelve sons of Jacob.
Tribe	A number of species or genera having certain structural characteristics in common; as, a tribe of plants; a tribe of animals.
Tribe	A nation of savages or uncivilized people; a body of rude people united under one leader or government; as, the tribes of the Six Nations; the Seneca tribe.
Tribe	A division, class, or distinct portion of a people, from whatever cause that distinction may have originated; as, the city of Athens was divided into ten tribes.
Tribe	A family of animals descended from some particular female progenitor, through the female line; as, the Duchess tribe of shorthorns.
Tribe	To distribute into tribes or classes.
Triblet	Alt. of Tribolet
Tribolet	A goldsmith's tool used in making rings.
Tribolet	A steel cylinder round which metal is drawn in the process of forming tubes.
Tribolet	A tapering mandrel.
Tribometer	An instrument to ascertain the degree of friction in rubbing surfaces.
Tribrach	A poetic foot of three short syllables, as, meblius.
Tribracteate	Having three bracts.
Tribual	Alt. of Tribular
Tribular	Of or relating to a tribe; tribal; as, a tribual characteristic; tribular worship.
Tribulation	That which occasions distress, trouble, or vexation; severe affliction.
Tribunal	The seat of a judge; the bench on which a judge and his associates sit for administering justice.
Tribunal	Hence, a court or forum; as, the House of Lords, in England, is the highest tribunal in the kingdom.
Tribunary	Of or pertaining to tribunes; as, tribunary powers or authority.
Tribunate	The state or office of a tribune; tribuneship.
Tribune	An officer or magistrate chosen by the people, to protect them from the oppression of the patricians, or nobles, and to defend their liberties against any attempts that might be made upon them by the senate and consuls.
Tribune	Anciently, a bench or elevated place, from which speeches were delivered; in France, a kind of pulpit in the hall of the legislative assembly, where a member stands while making an address; any place occupied by a public orator.
Tribuneship	The office or power of a tribune.
Tribunician	Alt. of Tribunitian
Tribunitial	Alt. of Tribunitian
Tribunitian	Of or pertaining to tribunes; befitting a tribune; as, tribunitial power or authority.
Tribunitious	Tribunician; tribunitial.
Trubutarily	In a tributary manner.
Tributariness	The quality or state of being tributary.
Tributary	Paying tribute to another, either from compulsion, as an acknowledgment of submission, or to secure protection, or for the purpose of purchasing peace.
Tributary	Hence, subject; subordinate; inferior.
Tributary	Paid in tribute.
Tributary	Yielding supplies of any kind; serving to form or make up, a greater object of the same kind, as a part, branch, etc.; contributing; as, the Ohio has many tributary streams, and is itself tributary to the Mississippi.
Tributaries	of Tributary
Tributary	A ruler or state that pays tribute, or a stated sum, to a conquering power, for the purpose of securing peace and protection, or as an acknowledgment of submission, or for the purchase of security.
Tributary	A stream or river flowing into a larger river or into a lake; an affluent.
Tribute	An annual or stated sum of money or other valuable thing, paid by one ruler or nation to another, either as an acknowledgment of submission, or as the price of peace and protection, or by virtue of some treaty; as, the Romans made their conquered countries pay tribute.
Tribute	A personal contribution, as of money, praise, service, etc., made in token of services rendered, or as that which is due or deserved; as, a tribute of affection.
Tribute	A certain proportion of the ore raised, or of its value, given to the miner as his recompense.
Tributed	of Tribute
Tributing	of Tribute
Tribute	To pay as tribute.
Tributer	One who works for a certain portion of the ore, or its value.
Tricae	of Trica
Trica	An apothecium in certain lichens, having a spherical surface marked with spiral or concentric ridges and furrows.
Tricarballylic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a complex tribasic organic acid, C3H5.(CO2H)3 occurring naturally in unripe beet roots, and produced artificially from glycerin as a white crystalline substance.
Tricarbimide	See under Cyanuric.
Trice	To pull; to haul; to drag; to pull away.
Trice	To haul and tie up by means of a rope.
Trice	A very short time; an instant; a moment; -- now used only in the phrase in a trice.
Tricennarious	Of or pertaining to thirty years; tricennial.
Tricennial	Of or pertaining to thirty years; consisting of thirty years; occurring once in every thirty years.
Tricentenary	Including, or relating to, the interval of three hundred years; tercentenary.
Tricentenary	A period of three centuries, or three hundred years, also, the three-hundredth anniversary of any event; a tercentenary.
Triceps	A muscle having three heads; specif., the great extensor of the forearm, arising by three heads and inserted into the olecranon at the elbow.
Trichiasis	A disease of the eye, in which the eyelashes, being turned in upon the eyeball, produce constant irritation by the motion of the lids.
Trichinae	of Trichina
Trichina	A small, slender nematoid worm (Trichina spiralis) which, in the larval state, is parasitic, often in immense numbers, in the voluntary muscles of man, the hog, and many other animals. When insufficiently cooked meat containing the larvae is swallowed by man, they are liberated and rapidly become adult, pair, and the ovoviviparous females produce in a short time large numbers of young which find their way into the muscles, either directly, or indirectly by means of the blood. Their presence in the muscles and the intestines in large numbers produces trichinosis.
Trichiniasis	Trichinosis.
Trichinize	To render trichinous; to affect with trichinae; -- chiefly used in the past participle; as, trichinized pork.
Trichinoscope	An apparatus for the detection of trichinae in the flesh of animals, as of swine.
Trichinosis	The disease produced by the presence of trichinae in the muscles and intestinal track. It is marked by fever, muscular pains, and symptoms resembling those of typhoid fever, and is frequently fatal.
Trichinous	Of or pertaining to trichinae or trichinosis; affected with, or containing, trichinae; as, trichinous meat.
Trichite	A kind of crystallite resembling a bunch of hairs, common in obsidian. See Illust. of Crystallite.
Trichite	A delicate, hairlike siliceous spicule, found in certain sponges.
Trichiuriform	Like or pertaining to the genus Trichiurus or family Trichiuridae, comprising the scabbard fishes and hairtails.
Trichiuroid	Of, like, or pertaining to, Trichiurus.
Trichiurus	A genus of fishes comprising the hairtails. See Hairtail.
Trichloride	A chloride having three atoms of chlorine in the molecule.
Trichobranchia	The gill of a crustacean in which the branchial filaments are slender and cylindrical, as in the crawfishes.
Trichocyst	A lasso cell.
Trichogyne	The slender, hairlike cell which receives the fertilizing particles, or antherozoids, in red seaweeds.
Trichomanes	Any fern of the genus Trichomanes. The fronds are very delicate and often translucent, and the sporangia are borne on threadlike receptacles rising from the middle of cup-shaped marginal involucres. Several species are common in conservatories; two are native in the United States.
Trichomatose	Affected with a disease which causes agglutination and matting together; -- said of the hair when affected with plica. See Plica, 1.
Trichome	A hair on the surface of leaf or stem, or any modification of a hair, as a minute scale, or star, or gland. The sporangia of ferns are believed to be of the nature of trichomes.
Trichophore	The special cell in red algae which produces or bears a trichogyne. See Illust. of Trichogyne.
Trichophore	One of the saclike organs from which the setae of annelids arise.
Trichopter	One of the Trichoptera.
Trichoptera	A suborder of Neuroptera usually having the wings covered with minute hairs. It comprises the caddice flies, and is considered by some to be a distinct order.
Trichopteran	One of the Trichoptera.
Trichopterous	Of, pertaining to, or characterizing, the Trichoptera.
Trichord	An instrument, as a lyre or harp, having three strings.
Trichoscolices	An extensive group of wormlike animals characterized by being more or less covered with cilia.
Trichotomous	Divided into three parts, or into threes; three-forked; as, a trichotomous stem.
Trichotomy	Division into three parts.
Trichroic	Exhibiting trichroism; pleochroic; pleochroism.
Trichroism	The quality possessed by some crystals of presenting different colors in three different directions.
Trichromatic	Having or existing in three different phases of color; having three distinct color varieties; -- said of certain birds and insects.
Trichromatism	The quality, state, or phenomenon of being trichromatic.
Trichromic	Of, pertaining to, or consisting of, three colors or color sensations.
Trichromic	Containing three atoms of chromium.
Tricipital	Having three heads, or three origins; as, a tricipital muscle.
Trick	An artifice or stratagem; a cunning contrivance; a sly procedure, usually with a dishonest intent; as, a trick in trade.
Trick	A sly, dexterous, or ingenious procedure fitted to puzzle or amuse; as, a bear's tricks; a juggler's tricks.
Trick	Mischievous or annoying behavior; a prank; as, the tricks of boys.
Trick	A particular habit or manner; a peculiarity; a trait; as, a trick of drumming with the fingers; a trick of frowning.
Trick	A knot, braid, or plait of hair.
Trick	The whole number of cards played in one round, and consisting of as many cards as there are players.
Trick	A turn; specifically, the spell of a sailor at the helm, -- usually two hours.
Trick	A toy; a trifle; a plaything.
Tricked	of Trick
Tricking	of Trick
Trick	To deceive by cunning or artifice; to impose on; to defraud; to cheat; as, to trick another in the sale of a horse.
Trick	To dress; to decorate; to set off; to adorn fantastically; -- often followed by up, off, or out.
Trick	To draw in outline, as with a pen; to delineate or distinguish without color, as arms, etc., in heraldry.
Tricker	One who tricks; a trickster.
Tricker	A trigger.
Trickery	The art of dressing up; artifice; stratagem; fraud; imposture.
Trickiness	The quality of being tricky.
Tricking	Given to tricks; tricky.
Tricking	Dress; ornament.
Trickish	Given to tricks; artful in making bargains; given to deception and cheating; knavish.
Trickled	of Trickle
Trickling	of Trickle
Trickle	To flow in a small, gentle stream; to run in drops.
Trickment	Decoration.
Tricksiness	The quality or state of being tricksy; trickiness.
Trickster	One who tricks; a deceiver; a tricker; a cheat.
Tricksy	Exhibiting artfulness; trickish.
Tricktrack	An old game resembling backgammon.
Tricky	Given to tricks; practicing deception; trickish; knavish.
Triclinate	Triclinic.
Tricliniary	Of or pertaining to a triclinium, or to the ancient mode of reclining at table.
Triclinic	Having, or characterized by, three unequal axes intersecting at oblique angles. See the Note under crystallization.
Triclinia	of Triclinium
Triclinium	A couch for reclining at meals, extending round three sides of a table, and usually in three parts.
Triclinium	A dining room furnished with such a triple couch.
Tricoccous	Having three cocci, or roundish carpels.
Tricolor	The national French banner, of three colors, blue, white, and red, adopted at the first revolution.
Tricolor	Hence, any three-colored flag.
Tricolored	Having three colors.
Tricornigerous	Having three horns.
Tricorporal	Alt. of Tricorporate
Tricorporate	Represented with three bodies conjoined to one head, as a lion.
Tricostate	Three-ribbed; having three ribs from the base.
Tricot	A fabric of woolen, silk, or cotton knitted, or women to resemble knitted work.
Tricrotic	Of or pertaining to tricrotism; characterized by tricrotism.
Tricrotism	That condition of the arterial pulse in which there is a triple beat. The pulse curve obtained in the sphygmographic tracing characteristic of tricrotism shows two secondary crests in addition to the primary.
Tricrotous	Tricrotic.
Tricurvate	Curved in three directions; as, a tricurvate spicule (see Illust. of Spicule).
Tricuspid	Having three cusps, or points; tricuspidate; as, a tricuspid molar.
Tricuspid	Of or pertaining to the tricuspid valves; as, tricuspid obstruction.
Tricuspidate	Three-pointed; ending in three points; as, a tricuspidate leaf.
Tricycle	A three-wheeled velocipede. See Illust. under Velocipede.  Cf. Bicycle.
Tridacna	A genus of very large marine bivalve shells found on the coral reefs of the Indian and Pacific Oceans. One species (T. gigas) often weighs four or five hundred pounds, and is sometimes used for baptismal fonts. Called also paw shell, and fountain shell.
Tridactyl	Alt. of Tridactyle
Tridactyle	Having three fingers or toes, or composed of three movable parts attached to a common base.
Tridactylous	Tridactyl.
Triddler	The jacksnipe.
Tride	Short and ready; fleet; as, a tride pace; -- a term used by sportsmen.
Tridecane	A hydrocarbon, C13H28, of the methane series, which is a probable ingredient both of crude petroleum and of kerosene, and is produced artificially as a light colorless liquid.
Tridecatoic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, that acid of the fatty acids heterologous with tridecane. It is a white crystalline substance.
Tridecatylene	A hydrocarbon, C13H26, of the ethylene series, corresponding to tridecane, and obtained from Burmah petroleum as a light colorless liquid; -- called also tridecylene, and tridecene.
Trident	A kind of scepter or spear with three prongs, -- the common attribute of Neptune.
Trident	A three-pronged spear or goad, used for urging horses; also, the weapon used by one class of gladiators.
Trident	A three-pronged fish spear.
Trident	A curve of third order, having three infinite branches in one direction and a fourth infinite branch in the opposite direction.
Trident	Having three teeth or prongs; tridentate.
Tridentate	Alt. of Tridentated
Tridentated	Having three teeth; three-toothed.
Tridented	Having three prongs; trident; tridentate; as, a tridented mace.
Tridentiferous	Bearing a trident.
Tridentine	Of or pertaining to Trent, or the general church council held in that city.
Tridiapason	A triple octave, or twenty-second.
Tridimensional	Having three dimensions; extended in three different directions.
Triding	A riding. See Trithing.
Triduan	Lasting three lays; also, happening every third day.
Tridymite	Pure silica, like quartz, but crystallizing in hexagonal tables. It is found in trachyte and similar rocks.
Tried	imp. & p. p. of Try.
Tried	Proved; tested; faithful; trustworthy; as, a tried friend.
Triedral	See Trihedral.
Triennial	Continuing three years; as, triennial parliaments; a triennial reign.
Triennial	Happening, coming about, or appearing once in every three years; as, triennial elections; a triennial catalogue; a triennial visitation.
Triennial	Something which takes place or appears once in three years.
Triennially	Once in three years.
Triens	A Roman copper coin, equal to one third of the as. See 3d As, 2.
Trier	One who tries; one who makes experiments; one who examines anything by a test or standard.
Trier	One who tries judicially.
Trier	A person appointed according to law to try challenges of jurors; a trior.
Trier	That which tries or approves; a test.
Trierarch	The commander of a trireme.
Trierarch	At Athens, one who (singly, or jointly with other citizens) had to fit out a trireme for the public service.
Trierarchises	of Trierarchy
Trierarchy	The office duty of a trierarch.
Trieterical	Kept or occurring once in three years; triennial.
Trieterics	Festival games celebrated once in three years.
Triethylamine	A tertiary amine analogous to trimethylamine.
Trifacial	See Trigeminal.
Trifallowed	of Trifallow
Trifallowing	of Trifallow
Trifallow	To plow the third time before sowing, as land.
Trifarious	Facing three ways; arranged in three vertical ranks, as the leaves of veratrum.
Trifasciated	Having, or surrounded by, three fasciae, or bands.
Trifid	Cleft to the middle, or slightly beyond the middle, into three parts; three-cleft.
Trifistulary	Having three pipes.
Trifle	A thing of very little value or importance; a paltry, or trivial, affair.
Trifle	A dish composed of sweetmeats, fruits, cake, wine, etc., with syllabub poured over it.
Trifled	of Trifle
Trifling	of Trifle
Trifle	To act or talk without seriousness, gravity, weight, or dignity; to act or talk with levity; to indulge in light or trivial amusements.
Trifle	To make of no importance; to treat as a trifle.
Trifle	To spend in vanity; to fritter away; to waste; as, to trifle away money.
Trifler	One who trifles.
Trifling	Being of small value or importance; trivial; paltry; as, a trifling debt; a trifling affair.
Trifloral	Alt. of Triflorous
Triflorous	Three-flowered; having or bearing three flowers; as, a triflorous peduncle.
Trifluctuation	A concurrence of three waves.
Trifoliate	Alt. of Trifoliated
Trifoliated	Having three leaves or leaflets, as clover. See Illust. of Shamrock.
Trifoliolate	Having three leaflets.
Trifolium	A genus of leguminous herbs with densely spiked flowers and usually trifoliate leaves; trefoil. There are many species, all of which are called clover. See Clover.
Trifoly	Sweet trefoil.
Triforium	The gallery or open space between the vaulting and the roof of the aisles of a church, often forming a rich arcade in the interior of the church, above the nave arches and below the clearstory windows.
Triform	Having a triple form or character.
Triformity	The state of being triform, or of having a threefold shape.
Trifurcate	Alt. of Trifurcated
Trifurcated	Having three branches or forks; trichotomous.
Trig	To fill; to stuff; to cram.
Trig	Full; also, trim; neat.
Trig	To stop, as a wheel, by placing something under it; to scotch; to skid.
Trig	A stone, block of wood, or anything else, placed under a wheel or barrel to prevent motion; a scotch; a skid.
Trigamist	One who has been married three times; also, one who has three husbands or three wives at the same time.
Trigamous	Having three sorts of flowers in the same head, -- male, female, and hermaphrodite, or perfect, flowers.
Trigamy	The act of marrying, or the state of being married, three times; also, the offense of having three husbands or three wives at the same time.
Trigastric	Having three bellies; -- said of a muscle.
Trigeminal	Of, pertaining to, or designating, the fifth pair of cranial nerves, which divide on each side of the head into three main branches distributed to the orbits, jaws, and parts of the mouth; trifacial.
Trigeminous	Born three together; being one of three born at the same birth; also, threefold.
Trigenic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid, C4H7N3O2, obtained, by the action of the vapor of cyanic acid on cold aldehyde, as a white crystalline substance having a slightly acid taste and faint smell; -- called also ethidene- / ethylidene-biuret.
Trigesimo-secundo	Having thirty-two leaves to a sheet; as, a trigesimo-secundo form, book, leaf, size, etc.
Trigesimo-secundo	A book composed of sheets so folded that each one makes thirty-two leaves; hence, indicating, more or less definitely, a size of book; -- usually written 32mo, or 32¡, and called thirty-twomo.
Trigger	A catch to hold the wheel of a carriage on a declivity.
Trigger	A piece, as a lever, which is connected with a catch or detent as a means of releasing it; especially (Firearms), the part of a lock which is moved by the finger to release the cock and discharge the piece.
Trigintal	A trental.
Triglyceride	A glyceride formed by the replacement of three hydrogen atoms in glycerin by acid radicals.
Triglyph	An ornament in the frieze of the Doric order, repeated at equal intervals. Each triglyph consists of a rectangular tablet, slightly projecting, and divided nearly to the top by two parallel and perpendicular gutters, or channels, called glyphs, into three parts, or spaces, called femora. A half channel, or glyph, is also cut upon each of the perpendicular edges of the tablet. See Illust. of Entablature.
Triglyphic	Alt. of Triglyphical
Triglyphical	Consisting of, or pertaining to, triglyphs.
Triglyphical	Containing three sets of characters or sculptures.
Trigness	The quality or state of being trig; smartness; neatness.
Trigon	A figure having three angles; a triangle.
Trigon	A division consisting of three signs.
Trigon	Trine, an aspect of two planets distant 120 degrees from each other.
Trigon	A kind of triangular lyre or harp.
Trigon	A kind of game at ball played by three persons standing at the angular points of a triangle.
Trigonal	Having three angles, or corners; triangular; as, a trigonal stem, one having tree prominent longitudinal angles.
Trigone	A smooth triangular area on the inner surface of the bladder, limited by the apertures of the ureters and urethra.
Trigonia	A genus of pearly bivalve shells, numerous extinct species of which are characteristic of the Mesozoic rocks. A few living species exist on the coast of Australia.
Trigonocerous	Having horns with three angles, like those of some species of goats.
Trigonometric	Alt. of Trigonometrical
Trigonometrical	Of or pertaining to trigonometry; performed by the rules of trigonometry.
-tries	of Trigonometry
Trigonometry	That branch of mathematics which treats of the relations of the sides and angles of triangles, which the methods of deducing from certain given parts other required parts, and also of the general relations which exist between the trigonometrical functions of arcs or angles.
Trigonometry	A treatise in this science.
Trigonous	Same as Trigonal.
Trigram	Same as Trigraph.
Trigrammatic	Containing three letters or characters, or three sets of letters or characters.
Trigrammic	Same as Trigrammatic.
Trigraph	Three letters united in pronunciation so as to have but one sound, or to form but one syllable, as -ieu in adieu; a triphthong.
Trigyn	Any one of the Trigynia.
Trigynia	A Linnaean order of plants having three pistils or styles.
Trigynian	Alt. of Trigynous
Trigynous	Having three pistils or styles; of or pertaining to the Trigynia.
Trihedral	Having three sides or faces; thus, a trihedral angle is a solid angle bounded by three plane angles.
Trihedron	A figure having three sides.
Trihoral	Occurring once in every three hours.
Trijugate	In three pairs; as, a trijugate leaf, or a pinnate leaf with three pairs of leaflets.
Trijugous	Same as Trijugate.
Trikosane	A hydrocarbon, C23H48, of the methane series, resembling paraffin; -- so called because it has twenty-three atoms of carbon in the molecule.
Trilateral	Having three sides; being three-sided; as, a trilateral triangle.
Trilemma	A syllogism with three conditional propositions, the major premises of which are disjunctively affirmed in the minor. See Dilemma.
Trilemma	A state of things in which it is difficult to determine which one of three courses to pursue.
Trilinear	Of, pertaining to, or included by, three lines; as, trilinear coordinates.
Trilingual	Containing, or consisting of, three languages; expressed in three languages.
Trilinguar	See Trilingual.
Triliteral	Consisting of three letters; trigrammic; as, a triliteral root or word.
Triliteral	A triliteral word.
Triliteralism	Same as Triliterality.
Triliterality	Alt. of Triliteralness
Triliteralness	The quality of being triliteral; as, the triliterality of Hebrew roots.
Trilith	Same as Trilithon.
Trilithic	Pertaining to a trilith.
Trilithons	of Trilithon
Trilithon	A monument consisting of three stones; especially, such a monument forming a kind of doorway, as among the ancient Celts.
Trill	To flow in a small stream, or in drops rapidly succeeding each other; to trickle.
Trill	To turn round; to twirl.
Trilled	of Trill
Trilling	of Trill
Trill	To impart the quality of a trill to; to utter as, or with, a trill; as, to trill the r; to trill a note.
Trill	To utter trills or a trill; to play or sing in tremulous vibrations of sound; to have a trembling sound; to quaver.
Trill	A sound, of consonantal character, made with a rapid succession of partial or entire intermissions, by the vibration of some one part of the organs in the mouth -- tongue, uvula, epiglottis, or lip -- against another part; as, the r is a trill in most languages.
Trill	The action of the organs in producing such sounds; as, to give a trill to the tongue. d
Trill	A shake or quaver of the voice in singing, or of the sound of an instrument, produced by the rapid alternation of two contiguous tones of the scale; as, to give a trill on the high C. See Shake.
Trillachan	The oyster catcher.
Trilling	One of tree children born at the same birth.
Trilling	A compound crystal, consisting of three individuals.
Trillion	According to the French notation, which is used upon the Continent generally and in the United States, the number expressed by a unit with twelve ciphers annexed; a million millions; according to the English notation, the number produced by involving a million to the third power, or the number represented by a unit with eighteen ciphers annexed. See the Note under Numeration.
Trillium	A genus of liliaceous plants; the three-leaved nightshade; -- so called because all the parts of the plant are in threes.
Trillo	A trill or shake. See Trill.
Trilobate	Having three lobes.
Trilobation	The state of being trilobate.
Trilobed	Same as Trilobate.
Trilobita	An extinct order of arthropods comprising the trilobites.
Trilobite	Any one of numerous species of extinct arthropods belonging to the order Trilobita. Trilobites were very common in the Silurian and Devonian periods, but became extinct at the close of the Paleozoic. So named from the three lobes usually seen on each segment.
Trilobitic	Of, pertaining to or containing, trilobites; as, trilobitic rocks.
Trilocular	Having three cells or cavities; as, a trilocular capsule; a trilocular heart.
Trilogy	A series of three dramas which, although each of them is in one sense complete, have a close mutual relation, and form one historical and poetical picture. Shakespeare's " Henry VI." is an example.
Triluminar	Alt. of Triluminous
Triluminous	Having three lights
Trimmed	of Trim
Trimming	of Trim
Trim	To make trim; to put in due order for any purpose; to make right, neat, or pleasing; to adjust.
Trim	To dress; to decorate; to adorn; to invest; to embellish; as, to trim a hat.
Trim	To make ready or right by cutting or shortening; to clip or lop; to curtail; as, to trim the hair; to trim a tree.
Trim	To dress, as timber; to make smooth.
Trim	To adjust, as a ship, by arranging the cargo, or disposing the weight of persons or goods, so equally on each side of the center and at each end, that she shall sit well on the water and sail well; as, to trim a ship, or a boat.
Trim	To arrange in due order for sailing; as, to trim the sails.
Trim	To rebuke; to reprove; also, to beat.
Trim	To balance; to fluctuate between parties, so as to appear to favor each.
Trim	Dress; gear; ornaments.
Trim	Order; disposition; condition; as, to be in good trim.
Trim	The state of a ship or her cargo, ballast, masts, etc., by which she is well prepared for sailing.
Trim	The lighter woodwork in the interior of a building; especially, that used around openings, generally in the form of a molded architrave, to protect the plastering at those points.
Trim	Fitly adjusted; being in good order., or made ready for service or use; firm; compact; snug; neat; fair; as, the ship is trim, or trim built; everything about the man is trim; a person is trim when his body is well shaped and firm; his dress is trim when it fits closely to his body, and appears tight and snug; a man or a soldier is trim when he stands erect.
Trimaculated	Marked with three spots, or maculae.
Trimellic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a certain tribasic acid (called also trimellitic acid) metameric with trimesitic acid.
Trimembral	Having, or consisting of, three members.
Trimera	A division of Coleoptera including those which have but three joints in the tarsi.
Trimeran	One of the Trimera. Also used adjectively.
Trimerous	Having the parts in threes.
Trimesitic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a tribasic acid, C6H3.(CO2)3, of the aromatic series, obtained, by the oxidation of mesitylene, as a white crystalline substance.
Trimester	A term or period of three months.
Trimestral	Trimestrial.
Trimestrial	Of or pertaining to a trimester, or period of three months; occurring once in every three months; quarterly.
Trimeter	Consisting of three poetical measures.
Trimeter	A poetical division of verse, consisting of three measures.
Trimethyl	A prefix or combining form (also used adjectively) indicating the presence of three methyl groups.
Trimethylamine	A colorless volatile alkaline liquid, N.(CH3)3, obtained from herring brine, beet roots, etc., with a characteristic herringlike odor. It is regarded as a substituted ammonia containing three methyl groups.
Trimethylene	A gaseous hydrocarbon, C3H6, isomeric with propylene and obtained from it indirectly. It is the base of a series of compounds analogous to the aromatic hydrocarbons.
Trimetric	Same as Orthorhombic.
Trimetrical	Same as Trimeter.
Trimly	In a trim manner; nicely.
Trimmer	One who trims, arranges, fits, or ornaments.
Trimmer	One who does not adopt extreme opinions in politics, or the like; one who fluctuates between parties, so as to appear to favor each; a timeserver.
Trimmer	An instrument with which trimming is done.
Trimmer	A beam, into which are framed the ends of headers in floor framing, as when a hole is to be left for stairs, or to avoid bringing joists near chimneys, and the like. See Illust. of Header.
Trimming	a. from Trim, v.
Trimming	The act of one who trims.
Trimming	That which serves to trim, make right or fitting, adjust, ornament, or the like; especially, the necessary or the ornamental appendages, as of a garment; hence, sometimes, the concomitants of a dish; a relish; -- usually in the pluraltrimmings. --.
Trimming	The act of reprimanding or chastisting; as, to give a boy a trimming.
Trimmingly	In a trimming manner.
Trimness	The quality or state of being trim; orderliness; compactness; snugness; neatness.
Trimorph	A substance which crystallizes in three distinct forms, or which has three distinct physical states; also, any one of these distinct forms. See Trimorphism, 1.
Trimorphic	Alt. of Trimorphous
Trimorphous	Of, pertaining to, or characterized by, trimorphism; -- contrasted with monomorphic, dimorphic, and polymorphic.
Trimorphism	The property of crystallizing in three forms fundamentally distinct, as is the case with titanium dioxide, which crystallizes in the forms of rutile, octahedrite, and brookite. See Pleomorphism.
Trimorphism	The coexistence among individuals of the same species of three distinct forms, not connected, as a rule, by intermediate gradations; the condition among individuals of the same species of having three different shapes or proportions of corresponding parts; -- contrasted with polymorphism, and dimorphism.
Trimurti	The triad, or trinity, of Hindu gods, consisting of Brahma, the Creator, Vishnu, the Preserver, and Siva, the Destroyer.
Trimyarian	A lamellibranch which has three muscular scars on each valve.
Trinal	Threefold.
Trindle	See Trundle.
Trine	Threefold; triple; as, trine dimensions, or length, breadth, and thickness.
Trine	The aspect of planets distant from each other 120 degrees, or one third of the zodiac; trigon.
Trine	A triad; trinity.
Trine	To put in the aspect of a trine.
Trinervate	Having three ribs or nerves extending unbranched from the base to the apex; -- said of a leaf.
Trinerve	Alt. of Trinerved
Trinerved	Same as Trinervate.
Tringa	A genus of limicoline birds including many species of sandpipers. See Dunlin, Knot, and Sandpiper.
Tringle	A curtain rod for a bedstead.
Tringoid	Of or pertaining to Tringa, or the Sandpiper family.
Trinitarian	Of or pertaining to the Trinity, the doctrine of the Trinity, or believers in that doctrine.
Trinitarian	One who believes in the doctrine of the Trinity.
Trinitarian	One of a monastic order founded in Rome in 1198 by St. John of Matha, and an old French hermit, Felix of Valois, for the purpose of redeeming Christian captives from the Mohammedans.
Trinitarianism	The doctrine of the Trinity; the doctrine that there are three distinct persons in the Godhead.
Trinitrocellulose	Gun cotton; -- so called because regarded as containing three nitro groups.
Trinitrophenol	Picric acid.
Trinity	The union of three persons (the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost) in one Godhead, so that all the three are one God as to substance, but three persons as to individuality.
Trinity	Any union of three in one; three units treated as one; a triad, as the Hindu trinity, or Trimurti.
Trinity	Any symbol of the Trinity employed in Christian art, especially the triangle.
Triniunity	Triunity; trinity.
Trink	A kind of fishing net.
Trinket	A three-cornered sail formerly carried on a ship's foremast, probably on a lateen yard.
Trinket	A knife; a cutting tool.
Trinket	A small ornament, as a jewel, ring, or the like.
Trinket	A thing of little value; a trifle; a toy.
Trinket	To give trinkets; hence, to court favor; to intrigue.
Trinketer	One who trinkets.
Trinketry	Ornaments of dress; trinkets, collectively.
Trinkle	To act secretly, or in an underhand way; to tamper.
Trinoctial	Lasting during three nights; comprising three nights.
Trinodal	Having three knots or nodes; having three points from which a leaf may shoot; as, a trinodal stem.
Trinodal	Having three nodal points.
Trinomial	A quantity consisting of three terms, connected by the sign + or -; as, x + y + z, or ax + 2b - c2.
Trinomial	Consisting of three terms; of or pertaining to trinomials; as, a trinomial root.
Trinominal	Trinomial.
Trinucleus	A genus of Lower Silurian trilobites in which the glabella and cheeks form three rounded elevations on the head.
Trio	Three, considered collectively; three in company or acting together; a set of three; three united.
Trio	A composition for three parts or three instruments.
Trio	The secondary, or episodical, movement of a minuet or scherzo, as in a sonata or symphony, or of a march, or of various dance forms; -- not limited to three parts or instruments.
Triobolar	Alt. of Triobolary
Triobolary	Of the value of three oboli; hence, mean; worthless.
Trioctile	An aspect of two planets with regard to the earth when they are three octants, or three eighths of a circle, that is, 135 degrees, distant from each other.
Tri/cia	The third order of the Linnaean class Polygamia.
Tri/cious	Having three sorts of flowers on the same or on different plants, some of the flowers being staminate, others pistillate, and others both staminate and pistillate; belonging to the order Tri/cia.
Triole	Same as Triplet.
Triolein	See Olein.
Triolet	A short poem or stanza of eight lines, in which the first line is repeated as the fourth and again as the seventh line, the second being, repeated as the eighth.
Trionychoidea	A division of chelonians which comprises Trionyx and allied genera; -- called also Trionychoides, and Trionychina.
Trionyx	A genus of fresh-water or river turtles which have the shell imperfectly developed and covered with a soft leathery skin. They are noted for their agility and rapacity.  Called also soft tortoise, soft-shell tortoise, and mud turtle.
Trior	Same as Trier, 2 and 3.
Trioxide	An oxide containing three atoms of oxygen; as, sulphur trioxide, SO3; -- formerly called tritoxide.
Tripped	of Trip
Tripping	of Trip
Trip	To move with light, quick steps; to walk or move lightly; to skip; to move the feet nimbly; -- sometimes followed by it. See It, 5.
Trip	To make a brief journey or pleasure excursion; as, to trip to Europe.
Trip	To take a quick step, as when in danger of losing one's balance; hence, to make a false; to catch the foot; to lose footing; to stumble.
Trip	Fig.: To be guilty of a misstep; to commit an offense against morality, propriety, or rule; to err; to mistake; to fail.
Trip	To cause to stumble, or take a false step; to cause to lose the footing, by striking the feet from under; to cause to fall; to throw off the balance; to supplant; -- often followed by up; as, to trip up a man in wrestling.
Trip	Fig.: To overthrow by depriving of support; to put an obstacle in the way of; to obstruct; to cause to fail.
Trip	To detect in a misstep; to catch; to convict.
Trip	To raise (an anchor) from the bottom, by its cable or buoy rope, so that it hangs free.
Trip	To pull (a yard) into a perpendicular position for lowering it.
Trip	To release, let fall, or see free, as a weight or compressed spring, as by removing a latch or detent.
Trip	A quick, light step; a lively movement of the feet; a skip.
Trip	A brief or rapid journey; an excursion or jaunt.
Trip	A false step; a stumble; a misstep; a loss of footing or balance. Fig.: An error; a failure; a mistake.
Trip	A small piece; a morsel; a bit.
Trip	A stroke, or catch, by which a wrestler causes his antagonist to lose footing.
Trip	A single board, or tack, in plying, or beating, to windward.
Trip	A herd or flock, as of sheep, goats, etc.
Trip	A troop of men; a host.
Trip	A flock of widgeons.
Tripalmitate	A palmitate derived from three molecules of palmitic acid.
Tripalmitin	See Palmitin.
Tripang	See Trepang.
Triparted	Parted into three piece; having three parts or pieces; -- said of the field or of a bearing; as, a cross triparted.
Triparted	Divided nearly to the base into three segments or lobes.
Tripartible	Divisible into three parts.
Tripartient	Dividing into three parts; -- said of a number which exactly divides another into three parts.
Tripartite	Divided into three parts; triparted; as, a tripartite leaf.
Tripartite	Having three corresponding parts or copies; as, to make indentures tripartite.
Tripartite	Made between three parties; as, a tripartite treaty.
Tripartitely	In a tripartite manner.
Tripartition	A division by threes, or into three parts; the taking of a third part of any number or quantity.
Tripaschal	Including three passovers.
Tripe	The large stomach of ruminating animals, when prepared for food.
Tripe	The entrails; hence, humorously or in contempt, the belly; -- generally used in the plural.
Tripedal	Having three feet.
Tripe-de-roche	Same as Rock tripe, under Rock.
Tripel	Same as Tripoli.
-men	of Tripeman
Tripeman	A man who prepares or sells tripe.
Tripennate	Same as Tripinnate.
Tripersonal	Consisting of three persons.
Tripersonalist	A Trinitarian.
Tripersonality	The state of existing as three persons in one Godhead; trinity.
Tripery	A place where tripe is prepared or sold.
Tripestone	A variety of anhydrite composed of contorted plates fancied to resemble pieces of tripe.
Tripetaloid	Having the form or appearance of three petals; appearing as if furnished with three petals.
Tripetalous	Having three petals, or flower leaves; three-petaled.
Trip hammer	A tilt hammer.
Triphane	Spodumene.
Triphthong	A combination of three vowel sounds in a single syllable, forming a simple or compound sound; also, a union of three vowel characters, representing together a single sound; a trigraph; as, eye, -ieu in adieu, -eau in beau, are examples of triphthongs.
Triphthongal	Of or pertaining to a triphthong; consisting of three vowel sounds pronounced together in a single syllable.
Triphyline	Triphylite.
Triphylite	A mineral of a grayish-green or bluish color, consisting of the phosphates of iron, manganese, and lithia.
Triphyllous	Having three leaves; three-leaved.
Tripinnate	Having bipinnate leaflets arranged on each side of a rhachis.
Tripinnatifid	Thrice pinnately cleft; -- said of a pinnatifid leaf when its segments are pinnatifid, and the subdivisions of these also are pinnatifid.
Triplasian	Three-fold; triple; treble.
Triple	Consisting of three united; multiplied by three; threefold; as, a triple knot; a triple tie.
Triple	Three times repeated; treble. See Treble.
Triple	One of three; third.
Tripled	of Triple
Tripling	of Triple
Triple	To make threefold, or thrice as much or as many; to treble; as, to triple the tax on coffee.
Triple-crowned	Having three crowns; wearing the triple crown, as the pope.
Triple-headed	Having three heads; three-headed; as, the triple-headed dog Cerberus.
Triplet	A collection or combination of three of a kind; three united.
Triplet	Three verses rhyming together.
Triplet	A group of three notes sung or played in the tree of two.
Triplet	Three children or offspring born at one birth.
Triple-tail	An edible fish (Lobotes Surinamensis) found in the warmer parts of all the oceans, and common on the southern and middle coasts of the United States. When living it is silvery gray, and becomes brown or blackish when dead. Its dorsal and anal fins are long, and extend back on each side of the tail. It has large silvery scales which are used in the manufacture of fancy work. Called also, locally, black perch, grouper, and flasher.
Triplicate	Made thrice as much; threefold; tripled.
Triplicate	A third thing corresponding to two others of the same kind.
Triplicate-ternate	Triternate.
Triplication	The act of tripling, or making threefold, or adding three together.
Triplication	Same as Surrejoinder.
Triplicity	The quality or state of being triple, or threefold; trebleness.
Triplicostate	Three-ribbed.
Triplite	A mineral of a dark brown color, generally with a fibrous, massive structure. It is a fluophosphate of iron and manganese.
Triploblastic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, that condition of the ovum in which there are three primary germinal layers, or in which the blastoderm splits into three layers.
Triploidite	A manganese phosphate near triplite, but containing hydroxyl instead of fluorine.
Triply	In a triple manner.
Tripmadam	Same as Prickmadam.
Tripod	Any utensil or vessel, as a stool, table, altar, caldron, etc., supported on three feet.
Tripod	A three-legged frame or stand, usually jointed at top, for supporting a theodolite, compass, telescope, camera, or other instrument.
Tripodian	An ancient stringed instrument; -- so called because, in form, it resembled the Delphic tripod.
Tripody	Three metrical feet taken together, or included in one measure.
Tripoli	An earthy substance originally brought from Tripoli, used in polishing stones and metals. It consists almost wholly of the siliceous shells of diatoms.
Tripoline	Of or pertaining to Tripoli or its inhabitants; Tripolitan.
Tripoline	Of or pertaining to tripoli, the mineral.
Tripolitan	Of or pertaining to Tripoli or its inhabitants; Tripoline.
Tripolitan	A native or inhabitant of Tripoli.
Triposes	of Tripos
Tripos	A tripod.
Tripos	A university examination of questionists, for honors; also, a tripos paper; one who prepares a tripos paper.
Trippant	See Tripping, a., 2.
Tripper	One who trips or supplants; also, one who walks or trips nimbly; a dancer.
Tripper	An excursionist.
Trippet	A cam, wiper, or projecting piece which strikes another piece repeatedly.
Tripping	Quick; nimble; stepping lightly and quickly.
Tripping	Having the right forefoot lifted, the others remaining on the ground, as if he were trotting; trippant; -- said of an animal, as a hart, buck, and the like, used as a bearing.
Tripping	Act of one who, or that which, trips.
Tripping	A light dance.
Tripping	The loosing of an anchor from the ground by means of its cable or buoy rope.
Trippingly	In a tripping manner; with a light, nimble, quick step; with agility; nimbly.
Tripsis	Trituration.
Tripsis	Shampoo.
Triptote	A noun having three cases only.
Triptych	Anything in three parts or leaves.
Triptych	A writing tablet in three parts, two of which fold over on the middle part.
Triptych	A picture or altarpiece in three compartments.
Tripudiary	Of or pertaining to dancing; performed by dancing.
Tripudiate	To dance.
Tripudiation	The act of dancing.
Triquadrantal	Having three quadrants; thus, a triquadrantal triangle is one whose three sides are quadrants, and whose three angles are consequently right angles.
Triquetral	Triquetrous.
Triquetrous	Three sided, the sides being plane or concave; having three salient angles or edges; trigonal.
Triquetra	of Triquetrum
Triquetrum	One of the bones of the carpus; the cuneiform. See Cuneiform (b).
Triradiate	Alt. of Triradiated
Triradiated	Having three rays.
Trirectangular	Having three right angles. See Triquadrantal.
Trireme	An ancient galley or vessel with tree banks, or tiers, of oars.
Trirhomboidal	Having three rhombic faces or sides.
Trisacramentarian	One who recognizes three sacraments, and no more; -- namely, baptism, the Lord's Supper, and penance. See Sacrament.
Trisagion	An ancient anthem, -- usually known by its Latin name tersanctus.See Tersanctus.
Trisected	of Trisect
Trisecting	of Trisect
Trisect	To cut or divide into three parts.
Trisect	To cut or divide into three equal parts.
Trisected	Divided into three parts or segments by incisions extending to the midrib or to the base; -- said of leaves.
Trisection	The division of a thing into three parts, Specifically: (Geom.) the division of an angle into three equal parts.
Triseralous	Having three sepals, or calyx leaves.
Triserial	Alt. of Triseriate
Triseriate	Arranged in three vertical or spiral rows.
Trismus	The lockjaw.
Trisnitrate	A nitrate formed from three molecules of nitric acid; also, less properly, applied to certain basic nitrates; as, trisnitrate of bismuth.
Trisoctahedron	A solid of the isometric system bounded by twenty-four equal faces, three corresponding to each face of an octahedron.
Trispast	Alt. of Trispaston
Trispaston	A machine with three pulleys which act together for raising great weights.
Trispermous	Containing three seeds; three-seeded; as, a trispermous capsule.
Trisplanchnic	Of or pertaining to the three great splanchnic cavities, namely, that of the head, the chest, and the abdomen; -- applied to the sympathetic nervous system.
Triste	of Trist
Trist	To trust.
Trist	Trust.
Trist	A post, or station, in hunting.
Trist	A secret meeting, or the place of such meeting; a tryst. See Tryst.
Trist	Sad; sorrowful; gloomy.
Triste	A cattle fair.
Tristearate	Tristearin.
Tristearin	See Stearin.
Tristtul	Sad; sorrowful; gloomy.
Tristfully	In a tristful manner; sadly.
Tristichous	Arranged in three vertical rows.
Tristigmatic	Alt. of Tristigmatose
Tristigmatose	Having, or consisting of, three stigmas.
Tristitiate	To make sad.
Tristoma	Any one of numerous species of trematode worms belonging to Tristoma and allied genera having a large posterior sucker and two small anterior ones. They usually have broad, thin, and disklike bodies, and are parasite on the gills and skin of fishes.
Tristy	See Trist, a.
Trisuls	Something having three forks or prongs, as a trident.
Trisulcate	Having three furrows, forks, or prongs; having three grooves or sulci; three-grooved.
Trisulphide	A sulphide containing three atoms of sulphur.
Trisyllabic	Alt. of Trisyllabical
Trisyllabical	Of or pertaining to a trisyllable; consisting of three syllables; as, "syllable" is a trisyllabic word.
Trisyllable	A word consisting of three syllables only; as, a-ven-ger.
Trite	Worn out; common; used until so common as to have lost novelty and interest; hackneyed; stale; as, a trite remark; a trite subject.
Triternate	Three times ternate; -- applied to a leaf whose petiole separates into three branches, each of which divides into three parts which each bear three leafiets.
Tritheism	The opinion or doctrine that the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit are three distinct Gods.
Tritheist	One who believes in tritheism.
Tritheistic	Alt. of Tritheistical
Tritheistical	Of or pertaining to tritheism.
Tritheite	A tritheist.
Trithing	One of three ancient divisions of a county in England; -- now called riding.
Trithionate	A salt of trithionic acid.
Trithionic	Of or pertaining to, or designating, a certain thionic acid, H2S3O6 which is obtained as a colorless, odorless liquid.
Tritical	Trite.
Triticin	A carbohydrate isomeric with dextrin, obtained from quitch grass (Agropyrum, formerly Triticum, repens) as a white amorphous substance.
Triticum	A genus of grasses including the various species of wheat.
Triton	A fabled sea demigod, the son of Neptune and Amphitrite, and the trumpeter of Neptune. He is represented by poets and painters as having the upper part of his body like that of a man, and the lower part like that of a fish. He often has a trumpet made of a shell.
Triton	Any one of many species of marine gastropods belonging to Triton and allied genera, having a stout spiral shell, often handsomely colored and ornamented with prominent varices. Some of the species are among the largest of all gastropods. Called also trumpet shell, and sea trumpet.
Triton	Any one of numerous species of aquatic salamanders. The common European species are Hemisalamandra cristata, Molge palmata, and M. alpestris, a red-bellied species common in Switzerland. The most common species of the United States is Diemyctylus viridescens. See Illust. under Salamander.
Tritone	A superfluous or augmented fourth.
Tritorium	Same as Triturium.
Tritova	of Tritovum
Tritovum	An embryonic insect which has twice cast its skin previous to hatching from the egg.
Tritozooid	A zooid of the third generation in asexual reproduction.
Triturable	Capable of being triturated.
Triturated	of Triturate
Triturating	of Triturate
Triturate	To rub, grind, bruise, or thrash.
Triturate	To rub or grind to a very fine or impalpable powder; to pulverize and comminute thoroughly.
Trituration	The act of triturating, or reducing to a fine or impalpable powder by grinding, rubbing, bruising, etc.
Triture	A rubbing or grinding; trituration.
Triturium	A vessel for separating liquids of different densities.
Trityl	Propyl.
Tritylene	Propylene.
Triumph	A magnificent and imposing ceremonial performed in honor of a general who had gained a decisive victory over a foreign enemy.
Triumph	Hence, any triumphal procession; a pompous exhibition; a stately show or pageant.
Triumph	A state of joy or exultation for success.
Triumph	Success causing exultation; victory; conquest; as, the triumph of knowledge.
Triumph	A trump card; also, an old game at cards.
Triumphed	of Triumph
Triumphing	of Triumph
Triumph	To celebrate victory with pomp; to rejoice over success; to exult in an advantage gained; to exhibit exultation.
Triumph	To obtain victory; to be successful; to prevail.
Triumph	To be prosperous; to flourish.
Triumph	To play a trump card.
Triumph	To obtain a victory over; to prevail over; to conquer. Also, to cause to triumph.
Triumphal	Of or pertaining to triumph; used in a triumph; indicating, or in honor of, a triumph or victory; as, a triumphal crown; a triumphal arch.
Triumphal	A token of victory.
Triumplant	Rejoicing for victory; triumphing; exultant.
Triumplant	Celebrating victory; expressive of joy for success; as, a triumphant song or ode.
Triumplant	Graced with conquest; victorious.
Triumplant	Of or pertaining to triumph; triumphal.
Triumphantly	In a triumphant manner.
Triumpher	One who was honored with a triumph; a victor.
Triumpher	One who triumphs or rejoices for victory.
Triumphing	Having or celebrating a triumph; victorious; triumphant.
Triumviri	of Triumvir
Triumvirs	of Triumvir
Triumvir	One of tree men united in public office or authority.
Triumvirate	Government by three in coalition or association; the term of such a government.
Triumvirate	A coalition or association of three in office or authority; especially, the union of three men who obtained the government of the Roman empire.
Triumviry	A triumvirate.
Triune	Being three in one; -- an epithet used to express the unity of a trinity of persons in the Godhead.
Triunguli	of Triungulus
Triungulus	The active young larva of any oil beetle. It has feet armed with three claws, and is parasitic on bees. See Illust. of Oil beetle, under Oil.
Triunity	The quality or state of being triune; trinity.
Trivalence	The quality or state of being trivalent.
Trivalent	Having a valence of three; capable of being combined with, substituted for, or compared with, three atoms of hydrogen; -- said of triad atoms or radicals; thus, nitrogen is trivalent in ammonia.
Trivalve	Anything having three valves, especially a shell.
Trivalvular	Having three valves; three-valved.
Trivant	A truant.
Triverbial	Pertaining to, or designating, certain days allowed to the pretor for hearing causes, when be might speak the three characteristic words of his office, do, dico, addico. They were called dies fasti.
Trivet	A tree-legged stool, table, or other support; especially, a stand to hold a kettle or similar vessel near the fire; a tripod.
Trivet	A weaver's knife. See Trevat.
Trivial	Found anywhere; common.
Trivial	Ordinary; commonplace; trifling; vulgar.
Trivial	Of little worth or importance; inconsiderable; trifling; petty; paltry; as, a trivial subject or affair.
Trivial	Of or pertaining to the trivium.
Trivial	One of the three liberal arts forming the trivium.
Trivialism	A trivial matter or method; a triviality.
Trivialities	of Triviality
Triviality	The quality or state of being trivial; trivialness.
Triviality	That which is trivial; a trifle.
Trivially	In a trivial manner.
Trivialness	Quality or state of being trivial.
Trivium	The three " liberal" arts, grammar, logic, and rhetoric; -- being a triple way, as it were, to eloquence.
Trivium	The three anterior ambulacra of echinoderms, collectively.
Triweekly	Occurring or appearing three times a week; thriceweekly; as, a triweekly newspaper.
Triweekly	Three times a week.
Triweekly	A triweekly publication.
Troad	See Trode.
Troat	To cry, as a buck in rutting time.
Troat	The cry of a buck in rutting time.
Trocar	A stylet, usually with a triangular point, used for exploring tissues or for inserting drainage tubes, as in dropsy.
Trochaic	A trochaic verse or measure.
Trochaic	Alt. of Trochaical
Trochaical	Of or pertaining to trochees; consisting of trochees; as, trochaic measure or verse.
Trochal	Resembling a wheel.
Trochanter	One of two processes near the head of the femur, the outer being called the great trochanter, and the inner the small trochanter.
Trochanter	The third joint of the leg of an insect, or the second when the trochantine is united with the coxa.
Trochanteric	Of or pertaining to one or both of the trochanters.
Trochantine	The second joint of the leg of an insect, -- often united with the coxa.
Trochar	See Trocar.
Troche	A medicinal tablet or lozenge; strictly, one of circular form.
Trochee	A foot of two syllables, the first long and the second short, as in the Latin word ante, or the first accented and the second unaccented, as in the English word motion; a choreus.
Trochil	The crocodile bird.
Trochilic	OF or pertaining to rotary motion; having power to draw out or turn round.
Trochilics	The science of rotary motion, or of wheel work.
Trochili	A division of birds comprising the humming birds.
Trochilidist	One who studies, or is versed in, the nature and habits of humming birds, or the Trochilidae.
Trochilos	The crocodile bird, or trochil.
Trochili	of Trochilus
Trochilus	A genus of humming birds. It Formerly included all the known species.
Trochilus	Any one of several species of wrens and kinglets.
Trochilus	The crocodile bird.
Trochilus	An annular molding whose section is concave, like the edge of a pulley; -- called also scotia.
Troching	One of the small branches of a stag's antler.
Trochisci	of Trochiscus
Trochiscus	A kind of tablet or lozenge; a troche.
Trochisk	See Trochiscus.
Trochite	A wheel-like joint of the stem of a fossil crinoid.
Trochlea	A pulley.
Trochlea	A pulley, or a structure resembling a pulley; as, the trochlea, or pulleylike end, of the humerus, which articulates with the ulna; or the trochlea, or fibrous ring, in the upper part of the orbit, through which the superior oblique, or trochlear, muscle of the eye passes.
Trochlear	Shaped like, or resembling, a pulley; pertaining to, or connected with, a trochlea; as, a trochlear articular surface; the trochlear muscle of the eye.
Trochleary	Pertaining to, or connected with, a trochlea; trochlear; as, the trochleary, or trochlear, nerve.
Trochoid	The curve described by any point in a wheel rolling on a line; a cycloid; a roulette; in general, the curve described by any point fixedly connected with a moving curve while the moving curve rolls without slipping on a second fixed curve, the curves all being in one plane. Cycloids, epicycloids, hypocycloids, cardioids, etc., are all trochoids.
Trochoid	Admitting of rotation on an axis; -- sometimes applied to a pivot joint like that between the atlas and axis in the vertebral column.
Trochoid	Top-shaped; having a flat base and conical spire; -- said of certain shells.
Trochoid	Of or pertaining to the genus Trochus or family Trochidae.
Trochoidal	Of or pertaining to a trochoid; having the properties of a trochoid.
Trochoidal	See Trochoid, a.
Trochometer	A contrivance for computing the revolutions of a wheel; an odometer.
Trochosphere	A young larval form of many annelids, mollusks, and bryozoans, in which a circle of cilia is developed around the anterior end.
Trochi	of Trochus
Trochus	Any one of numerous species of marine univalve shells belonging to Trochus and many allied genera of the family Trochidae. Some of the species are called also topshells.
Troco	An old English game; -- called also lawn billiards.
Trod	imp. & p. p. of Tread.
Trodden	p. p. of Tread.
Trode	imp. of Tread.
Trode	Tread; footing.
Troglodyte	One of any savage race that dwells in caves, instead of constructing dwellings; a cave dweller. Most of the primitive races of man were troglodytes.
Troglodyte	An anthropoid ape, as the chimpanzee.
Troglodyte	The wren.
Troglodytes	A genus of apes including the chimpanzee.
Troglodytes	A genus of singing birds including the common wrens.
Troglodytic	Alt. of Troglodytical
Troglodytical	Of or pertaining to a troglodyte, or dweller in caves.
Trogon	Any one of numerous species of beautiful tropical birds belonging to the family Trogonidae. They are noted for the brilliant colors and the resplendent luster of their plumage.
Trogonoid	Like or pertaining to the trogons.
Trogue	A wooden trough, forming a drain.
Troic	Pertaining to Troy; Trojan.
Troilite	Native iron protosulphide, FeS. It is known only in meteoric irons, and is usually in imbedded nodular masses of a bronze color.
Troili	of Troilus
Troiluses	of Troilus
Troilus	A large, handsome American butterfly (Euph/ades, / Papilio, troilus). It is black, with yellow marginal spots on the front wings, and blue spots on the rear wings.
Trojan	Of or pertaining to ancient Troy or its inhabitants.
Trojan	A native or inhabitant of Troy.
Troll	A supernatural being, often represented as of diminutive size, but sometimes as a giant, and fabled to inhabit caves, hills, and like places; a witch.
Trolled	of Troll
Trolling	of Troll
Troll	To move circularly or volubly; to roll; to turn.
Troll	To send about; to circulate, as a vessel in drinking.
Troll	To sing the parts of in succession, as of a round, a catch, and the like; also, to sing loudly or freely.
Troll	To angle for with a trolling line, or with a book drawn along the surface of the water; hence, to allure.
Troll	To fish in; to seek to catch fish from.
Troll	To roll; to run about; to move around; as, to troll in a coach and six.
Troll	To move rapidly; to wag.
Troll	To take part in trolling a song.
Troll	To fish with a rod whose line runs on a reel; also, to fish by drawing the hook through the water.
Troll	The act of moving round; routine; repetition.
Troll	A song the parts of which are sung in succession; a catch; a round.
Troll	A trolley.
Troller	One who trolls.
Trolley	Alt. of Trolly
Trolly	A form of truck which can be tilted, for carrying railroad materials, or the like.
Trolly	A narrow cart that is pushed by hand or drawn by an animal.
Trolly	A truck from which the load is suspended in some kinds of cranes.
Trolly	A truck which travels along the fixed conductors, and forms a means of connection between them and a railway car.
Trollmydames	The game of nineholes.
Trollop	A stroller; a loiterer; esp., an idle, untidy woman; a slattern; a slut; a whore.
Trollopee	A kind of loose dress for women.
Trombone	A powerful brass instrument of the trumpet kind, thought by some to be the ancient sackbut, consisting of a tube in three parts, bent twice upon itself and ending in a bell. The middle part, bent double, slips into the outer parts, as in a telescope, so that by change of the vibrating length any tone within the compass of the instrument (which may be bass or tenor or alto or even, in rare instances, soprano) is commanded. It is the only member of the family of wind instruments whose scale, both diatonic and chromatic, is complete without the aid of keys or pistons, and which can slide from note to note as smoothly as the human voice or a violin. Softly blown, it has a rich and mellow sound, which becomes harsh and blatant when the tones are forced; used with discretion, its effect is often solemn and majestic.
Trombone	The common European bittern.
Trommel	A revolving buddle or sieve for separating, or sizing, ores.
Tromp	A blowing apparatus, in which air, drawn into the upper part of a vertical tube through side holes by a stream of water within, is carried down with the water into a box or chamber below which it is led to a furnace.
Tromp	Alt. of Trompe
Trompe	A trumpet; a trump.
Trompil	An aperture in a tromp.
Tron	See 3d Trone, 2. 
Trona	A native double salt, consisting of a combination of neutral and acid sodium carbonate, Na2CO3.2HNaCO3.2H2O, occurring as a white crystalline fibrous deposit from certain soda brine springs and lakes; -- called also urao, and by the ancients nitrum.
Tronage	A toll or duty paid for weighing wool; also, the act of weighing wool.
Tronator	An officer in London whose duty was to weigh wool.
Trone	A throne.
Trone	A small drain.
Trone	Alt. of Trones
Trones	A steelyard.
Trones	A form of weighing machine for heavy wares, consisting of two horizontal bars crossing each other, beaked at the extremities, and supported by a wooden pillar. It is now mostly disused.
Troop	A collection of people; a company; a number; a multitude.
Troop	Soldiers, collectively; an army; -- now generally used in the plural.
Troop	Specifically, a small body of cavalry, light horse, or dragoons, consisting usually of about sixty men, commanded by a captain; the unit of formation of cavalry, corresponding to the company in infantry. Formerly, also, a company of horse artillery; a battery.
Troop	A company of stageplayers; a troupe.
Troop	A particular roll of the drum; a quick march.
Trooped	of Troop
Trooping	of Troop
Troop	To move in numbers; to come or gather in crowds or troops.
Troop	To march on; to go forward in haste.
Troopbird	Any troupial.
Trooper	A soldier in a body of cavalry; a cavalryman; also, the horse of a cavalryman.
Troopfowl	The American scaup duck.
Troopial	Same as Troupial.
Troopmeal	By troops; in crowds.
Troopship	A vessel built or fitted for the conveyance of troops; a transport.
Troostite	Willemite.
Tropaeolin	A name given to any one of a series of orange-red dyestuffs produced artificially from certain complex sulphonic acid derivatives of azo and diazo hydrocarbons of the aromatic series; -- so called because of the general resemblance to the shades of nasturtium (Tropaeolum).
Trope	The use of a word or expression in a different sense from that which properly belongs to it; the use of a word or expression as changed from the original signification to another, for the sake of giving life or emphasis to an idea; a figure of speech.
Trope	The word or expression so used.
Tropeine	Any one of a series of artificial ethereal salts derived from the alkaloidal base tropine.
Trophi	The mouth parts of an insect, collectively, including the labrum, labium, maxillae, mandibles, and lingua, with their appendages.
Trophic	Of or connected with nutrition; nitritional; nourishing; as, the so-called trophic nerves, which have a direct influence on nutrition.
Trophied	Adorned with trophies.
Trophonian	Of or pertaining to Trophonius, his architecture, or his cave and oracle.
Trophosome	The nutritive zooids of a hydroid, collectively, as distinguished from the gonosome, or reproductive zooids.
Trophosperm	The placenta.
Trophies	of Trophy
Trophy	A sign or memorial of a victory raised on the field of battle, or, in case of a naval victory, on the nearest land. Sometimes trophies were erected in the chief city of the conquered people.
Trophy	The representation of such a memorial, as on a medal; esp. (Arch.), an ornament representing a group of arms and military weapons, offensive and defensive.
Trophy	Anything taken from an enemy and preserved as a memorial of victory, as arms, flags, standards, etc.
Trophy	Any evidence or memorial of victory or conquest; as, every redeemed soul is a trophy of grace.
Tropic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid obtained from atropine and certain other alkaloids, as a white crystalline substance slightly soluble in water.
Tropic	One of the two small circles of the celestial sphere, situated on each side of the equator, at a distance of 23¡ 28/, and parallel to it, which the sun just reaches at its greatest declination north or south, and from which it turns again toward the equator, the northern circle being called the Tropic of Cancer, and the southern the Tropic of Capricorn, from the names of the two signs at which they touch the ecliptic.
Tropic	One of the two parallels of terrestrial latitude corresponding to the celestial tropics, and called by the same names.
Tropic	The region lying between these parallels of latitude, or near them on either side.
Tropic	Of or pertaining to the tropics; tropical.
Tropical	Of or pertaining to the tropics; characteristic of, or incident to, the tropics; being within the tropics; as, tropical climate; tropical latitudes; tropical heat; tropical diseases.
Tropical	Rhetorically changed from its exact original sense; being of the nature of a trope; figurative; metaphorical.
Tropically	In a tropical manner; figuratively; metaphorically.
Tropidine	An alkaloid, C8H13N, obtained by the chemical dehydration of tropine, as an oily liquid having a coninelike odor.
Tropilidene	A liquid hydrocarbon obtained by the dry distillation of tropine with quicklime. It is regarded as being homologous with dipropargyl.
Tropine	A white crystalline alkaloid, C8H15NO, produced by decomposing atropine.
Tropist	One who deals in tropes; specifically, one who avoids the literal sense of the language of Scripture by explaining it as mere tropes and figures of speech.
Tropologic	Alt. of Tropological
Tropological	Characterized by tropes; varied by tropes; tropical.
Tropologize	To use in a tropological sense, as a word; to make a trope of.
Tropology	A rhetorical mode of speech, including tropes, or changes from the original import of the word.
Trossers	Trousers.
Trotted	of Trot
Trotting	of Trot
Trot	To proceed by a certain gait peculiar to quadrupeds; to ride or drive at a trot. See Trot, n.
Trot	Fig.: To run; to jog; to hurry.
Trot	To cause to move, as a horse or other animal, in the pace called a trot; to cause to run without galloping or cantering.
Trot	The pace of a horse or other quadruped, more rapid than a walk, but of various degrees of swiftness, in which one fore foot and the hind foot of the opposite side are lifted at the same time.
Trot	Fig.: A jogging pace, as of a person hurrying.
Trot	One who trots; a child; a woman.
Troth	Belief; faith; fidelity.
Troth	Truth; verity; veracity; as, by my troth.
Troth	Betrothal.
Trothless	Faitless; false; treacherous.
Trothplight	To betroth.
Trothplight	Betrothed; espoused; affianced.
Trothplight	The act of betrothing, or plighting faith; betrothing.
Trothplighted	Having fidelity pledged.
Trotter	One that trots; especially, a horse trained to be driven in trotting matches.
Trotter	The foot of an animal, especially that of a sheep; also, humorously, the human foot.
Trottoir	Footpath; pavement; sidewalk.
Troubadour	One of a school of poets who flourished from the eleventh to the thirteenth century, principally in Provence, in the south of France, and also in the north of Italy. They invented, and especially cultivated, a kind of lyrical poetry characterized by intricacy of meter and rhyme, and usually of a romantic, amatory strain.
Troublable	Causing trouble; troublesome.
Troubled	of Trouble
Troubling	of Trouble
Trouble	To put into confused motion; to disturb; to agitate.
Trouble	To disturb; to perplex; to afflict; to distress; to grieve; to fret; to annoy; to vex.
Trouble	To give occasion for labor to; -- used in polite phraseology; as, I will not trouble you to deliver the letter.
Trouble	Troubled; dark; gloomy.
Trouble	The state of being troubled; disturbance; agitation; uneasiness; vexation; calamity.
Trouble	That which gives disturbance, annoyance, or vexation; that which afflicts.
Trouble	A fault or interruption in a stratum.
Troubler	One who troubles or disturbs; one who afflicts or molests; a disturber; as, a troubler of the peace.
Troublesome	Giving trouble or anxiety; vexatious; burdensome; wearisome.
Troublous	Full of trouble; causing trouble.
Trous-de-loup	of Trou-de-loup
Trou-de-loup	A pit in the form of an inverted cone or pyramid, constructed as an obstacle to the approach of an enemy, and having a pointed stake in the middle. The pits are called also trapholes.
Trough	A long, hollow vessel, generally for holding water or other liquid, especially one formed by excavating a log longitudinally on one side; a long tray; also, a wooden channel for conveying water, as to a mill wheel.
Trough	Any channel, receptacle, or depression, of a long and narrow shape; as, trough between two ridges, etc.
Trough-shell	Any bivalve shell of the genus Mactra. See Mactra.
Troul	See Troll.
Trounced	of Trounce
Trouncing	of Trounce
Trounce	To punish or beat severely; to whip smartly; to flog; to castigate.
Troupe	A company or troop, especially the company pf performers in a play or an opera.
Troupial	Any one of numerous species of bright-colored American birds belonging to Icterus and allied genera, especially Icterus icterus, a native of the West Indies and South America. Many of the species are called orioles in America.
Trouse	Trousers.
Trousering	Cloth or material for making trousers.
Trousers	A garment worn by men and boys, extending from the waist to the knee or to the ankle, and covering each leg separately.
Trousseau	The collective lighter equipments or outfit of a bride, including clothes, jewelry, and the like; especially, that which is provided for her by her family.
Trout	Any one of numerous species of fishes belonging to Salmo, Salvelinus, and allied genera of the family Salmonidae. They are highly esteemed as game fishes and for the quality of their flesh. All the species breed in fresh water, but after spawning many of them descend to the sea if they have an opportunity.
Trout	Any one of several species of marine fishes more or less resembling a trout in appearance or habits, but not belonging to the same family, especially the California rock trouts, the common squeteague, and the southern, or spotted, squeteague; -- called also salt-water trout, sea trout, shad trout, and gray trout. See Squeteague, and Rock trout under Rock.
Troutbird	The American golden plover.
Trout-colored	White, with spots of black, bay, or sorrel; as, a trout-colored horse.
Troutlet	A little trout; a troutling.
Troutling	A little trout; a troutlet.
Trouvere	Alt. of Trouveur
Trouveur	One of a school of poets who flourished in Northern France from the eleventh to the fourteenth century.
Trover	The gaining possession of any goods, whether by finding or by other means.
Trover	An action to recover damages against one who found goods, and would not deliver them to the owner on demand; an action which lies in any case to recover the value of goods wrongfully converted by another to his own use. In this case the finding, though alleged, is an immaterial fact; the injury lies in the conversion.
Trow	A boat with an open well amidships. It is used in spearing fish.
Trow	To believe; to trust; to think or suppose.
Trowel	A mason's tool, used in spreading and dressing mortar, and breaking bricks to shape them.
Trowel	A gardener's tool, somewhat like a scoop, used in taking up plants, stirring the earth, etc.
Trowel	A tool used for smoothing a mold.
Troweled	Formed with a trowel; smoothed with a trowel; as, troweled stucco, that is, stucco laid on and ready for the reception of paint.
Trowelfuls	of Trowelful
Trowelful	As much as a trowel will hold; enough to fill a trowel.
Trowl	See Troll.
Trowsed	Wearing trousers.
Trowsers	Same as Trousers.
Troy	Troy weight.
Troyounce	See Troy ounce, under Troy weight, above, and under Ounce.
Truage	A pledge of truth or peace made on payment of a tax.
Truage	A tax or impost; tribute.
Truancy	The act of playing truant, or the state of being truant; as, addicted to truancy.
Truand	See Truant.
Truant	One who stays away from business or any duty; especially, one who stays out of school without leave; an idler; a loiterer; a shirk.
Truant	Wandering from business or duty; loitering; idle, and shirking duty; as, a truant boy.
Truant	To idle away time; to loiter, or wander; to play the truant.
Truant	To idle away; to waste.
Truantly	Like a truant; in idleness.
Truantship	The conduct of a truant; neglect of employment; idleness; truancy.
Trub	A truffle.
Trubtall	A short, squat woman.
Trubu	An East India herring (Clupea toli) which is extensively caught for the sake of its roe and for its flesh.
Truce	A suspension of arms by agreement of the commanders of opposing forces; a temporary cessation of hostilities, for negotiation or other purpose; an armistice.
Truce	Hence, intermission of action, pain, or contest; temporary cessation; short quiet.
Trucebreaker	One who violates a truce, covenant, or engagement.
Truceless	Without a truce; unforbearing.
Truchman	An interpreter. See Dragoman.
Trucidation	The act of killing.
Truck	A small wheel, as of a vehicle; specifically (Ord.), a small strong wheel, as of wood or iron, for a gun carriage.
Truck	A low, wheeled vehicle or barrow for carrying goods, stone, and other heavy articles.
Truck	A swiveling carriage, consisting of a frame with one or more pairs of wheels and the necessary boxes, springs, etc., to carry and guide one end of a locomotive or a car; -- sometimes called bogie in England. Trucks usually have four or six wheels.
Truck	A small wooden cap at the summit of a flagstaff or a masthead, having holes in it for reeving halyards through.
Truck	A small piece of wood, usually cylindrical or disk-shaped, used for various purposes.
Truck	A freight car.
Truck	A frame on low wheels or rollers; -- used for various purposes, as for a movable support for heavy bodies.
Truck	To transport on a truck or trucks.
Trucked	of Truck
trucking	of Truck
Truck	To exchange; to give in exchange; to barter; as, to truck knives for gold dust.
Truck	To exchange commodities; to barter; to trade; to deal.
Truck	Exchange of commodities; barter.
Truck	Commodities appropriate for barter, or for small trade; small commodities; esp., in the United States, garden vegetables raised for the market.
Truck	The practice of paying wages in goods instead of money; -- called also truck system.
Truckage	The practice of bartering goods; exchange; barter; truck.
Truckage	Money paid for the conveyance of goods on a truck; freight.
Trucker	One who trucks; a trafficker.
Trucking	The business of conveying goods on trucks.
Truckle	A small wheel or caster.
Truckle	To yield or bend obsequiously to the will of another; to submit; to creep.
Truckled	of Truckle
Truckling	of Truckle
Truckle	To roll or move upon truckles, or casters; to trundle.
Truckle-bed	A low bed on wheels, that may be pushed under another bed; a trundle-bed.
Truckler	One who truckles, or yields servilely to the will of another.
Truckmen	of Truckman
Truckman	One who does business in the way of barter or exchange.
Truckman	One who drives a truck, or whose business is the conveyance of goods on trucks.
Truculence	Alt. of Truculency
Truculency	The quality or state of being truculent; savageness of manners; ferociousness.
Truculent	Fierce; savage; ferocious; barbarous; as, the truculent inhabitants of Scythia.
Truculent	Cruel; destructive; ruthless.
Truculently	In a truculent manner.
Trudged	of Trudge
Trudging	of Trudge
Trudge	To walk or march with labor; to jog along; to move wearily.
Trudgeman	A truchman.
True	Conformable to fact; in accordance with the actual state of things; correct; not false, erroneous, inaccurate, or the like; as, a true relation or narration; a true history; a declaration is true when it states the facts.
True	Right to precision; conformable to a rule or pattern; exact; accurate; as, a true copy; a true likeness of the original.
True	Steady in adhering to friends, to promises, to a prince, or the like; unwavering; faithful; loyal; not false, fickle, or perfidious; as, a true friend; a wife true to her husband; an officer true to his charge.
True	Actual; not counterfeit, adulterated, or pretended; genuine; pure; real; as, true balsam; true love of country; a true Christian.
True	In accordance with truth; truly.
True-blue	Of inflexible honesty and fidelity; -- a term derived from the true, or Coventry, blue, formerly celebrated for its unchanging color. See True blue, under Blue.
True-blue	A person of inflexible integrity or fidelity.
True-born	Of genuine birth; having a right by birth to any title; as, a true-born Englishman.
True-bred	Of a genuine or right breed; as, a true-bred beast.
True-bred	Being of real breeding or education; as, a true-bred gentleman.
True-hearted	Of a faithful heart; honest; sincere; not faithless or deceitful; as, a truhearted friend.
Truelove	One really beloved.
Truelove	A plant. See Paris.
Truelove	An unexplained word occurring in Chaucer, meaning, perhaps, an aromatic sweetmeat for sweetening the breath.
Trueness	The quality of being true; reality; genuineness; faithfulness; sincerity; exactness; truth.
True-penny	An honest fellow.
Truffle	Any one of several kinds of roundish, subterranean fungi, usually of a blackish color. The French truffle (Tuber melanosporum) and the English truffle (T. aestivum) are much esteemed as articles of food.
Truffled	Provided or cooked with truffles; stuffed with truffles; as, a truffled turkey.
Trug	A trough, or tray.
Trug	A hod for mortar.
Trug	An old measure of wheat equal to two thirds of a bushel.
Trug	A concubine; a harlot.
Trugging-house	A brothel.
Truism	An undoubted or self-evident truth; a statement which is pliantly true; a proposition needing no proof or argument; -- opposed to falsism.
Truismatic	Of or pertaining to truisms; consisting of truisms.
Trull	A drab; a strumpet; a harlot; a trollop.
Trull	A girl; a wench; a lass.
Trullization	The act of laying on coats of plaster with a trowel.
Truly	In a true manner; according to truth; in agreement with fact; as, to state things truly; the facts are truly represented.
Truly	Exactly; justly; precisely; accurately; as, to estimate truly the weight of evidence.
Truly	Sincerely; honestly; really; faithfully; as, to be truly attached to a lover; the citizens are truly loyal to their prince or their country.
Truly	Conformably to law; legally; legitimately.
Truly	In fact; in deed; in reality; in truth.
Trump	A wind instrument of music; a trumpet, or sound of a trumpet; -- used chiefly in Scripture and poetry.
Trump	To blow a trumpet.
Trump	A winning card; one of a particular suit (usually determined by chance for each deal) any card of which takes any card of the other suits.
Trump	An old game with cards, nearly the same as whist; -- called also ruff.
Trump	A good fellow; an excellent person.
Trumped	of Trump
Trumping	of Trump
Trump	To play a trump card when one of another suit has been led.
Trump	To play a trump card upon; to take with a trump card; as, she trumped the first trick.
Trump	To trick, or impose on; to deceive.
Trump	To impose unfairly; to palm off.
Trumpery	Deceit; fraud.
Trumpery	Something serving to deceive by false show or pretense; falsehood; deceit; worthless but showy matter; hence, things worn out and of no value; rubbish.
Trumpery	Worthless or deceptive in character.
Trumpet	A wind instrument of great antiquity, much used in war and military exercises, and of great value in the orchestra. In consists of a long metallic tube, curved (once or twice) into a convenient shape, and ending in a bell. Its scale in the lower octaves is limited to the first natural harmonics; but there are modern trumpets capable, by means of valves or pistons, of producing every tone within their compass, although at the expense of the true ringing quality of tone.
Trumpet	A trumpeter.
Trumpet	One who praises, or propagates praise, or is the instrument of propagating it.
Trumpet	A funnel, or short, fiaring pipe, used as a guide or conductor, as for yarn in a knitting machine.
Trumpeted	of Trumpet
Trumpeting	of Trumpet
Trumpet	To publish by, or as by, sound of trumpet; to noise abroad; to proclaim; as, to trumpet good tidings.
Trumpet	To sound loudly, or with a tone like a trumpet; to utter a trumplike cry.
Trumpeter	One who sounds a trumpet.
Trumpeter	One who proclaims, publishes, or denounces.
Trumpeter	Any one of several species of long-legged South American birds of the genus Psophia, especially P. crepitans, which is abundant, and often domesticated and kept with other poultry by the natives. They are allied to the cranes. So called from their loud cry.  Called also agami, and yakamik.
Trumpeter	A variety of the domestic pigeon.
Trumpeter	An American swan (Olor buccinator) which has a very loud note.
Trumpeter	A large edible fish (Latris hecateia) of the family Cirrhitidae, native of Tasmania and New Zealand. It sometimes weighs as much as fifty or sixty pounds, and is highly esteemed as a food fish.
Trumpeting	A channel cut behind the brick lining of a shaft.
Trumpets	A plant (Sarracenia flava) with long, hollow leaves.
Trumpet-shaped	Tubular with one end dilated, as the flower of the trumpet creeper.
Trumpet-tongued	Having a powerful, far-reaching voice or speech.
Trumpetweed	An herbaceous composite plant (Eupatorium purpureum), often having hollow stems, and bearing purplish flowers in small corymbed heads.
Trumpetweed	The sea trumpet.
Trumpetwood	A tropical American tree (Cecropia peltata) of the Breadfruit family, having hollow stems, which are used for wind instruments; -- called also snakewood, and trumpet tree.
Trumpie	The Richardson's skua (Stercorarius parasiticus).
Trumplike	Resembling a trumpet, esp. in sound; as, a trumplike voice.
Truncal	Of or pertaining to the trunk, or body.
Truncated	of Truncate
Truncating	of Truncate
Truncate	To cut off; to lop; to maim.
Truncate	Appearing as if cut off at the tip; as, a truncate leaf or feather.
Truncated	Cut off; cut short; maimed.
Truncated	Replaced, or cut off, by a plane, especially when equally inclined to the adjoining faces; as, a truncated edge.
Truncated	Lacking the apex; -- said of certain spiral shells in which the apex naturally drops off.
Truncation	The act of truncating, lopping, or cutting off.
Truncation	The state of being truncated.
Truncation	The replacement of an edge or solid angle by a plane, especially when the plane is equally inclined to the adjoining faces.
Trunch	A stake; a small post.
Truncheon	A short staff, a club; a cudgel; a shaft of a spear.
Truncheon	A baton, or military staff of command.
Truncheon	A stout stem, as of a tree, with the branches lopped off, to produce rapid growth.
Truncheon	To beat with a truncheon.
Truncheoned	Having a truncheon.
Truncheoneer	A person armed with a truncheon.
Truncus	The thorax of an insect. See Trunk, n., 5.
Trundle	A round body; a little wheel.
Trundle	A lind of low-wheeled cart; a truck.
Trundle	A motion as of something moving upon little wheels or rollers; a rolling motion.
Trundle	A lantern wheel. See under Lantern.
Trundle	One of the bars of a lantern wheel.
Trundled	of Trundle
Trundling	of Trundle
Trundle	To roll (a thing) on little wheels; as, to trundle a bed or a gun carriage.
Trundle	To cause to roll or revolve; to roll along; as, to trundle a hoop or a ball.
Trundle	To go or move on small wheels; as, a bed trundles under another.
Trundle	To roll, or go by revolving, as a hoop.
Trundle-bed	A low bed that is moved on trundles, or little wheels, so that it can be pushed under a higher bed; a truckle-bed; also, sometimes, a simiral bed without wheels.
Trundlehead	One of the disks forming the ends of a lantern wheel or pinion.
Trundlehead	The drumhead of a capstan; especially, the drumhead of the lower of two capstans on the sane axis.
Trundletail	A round or curled-up tail; also, a dog with such a tail.
Trunk	The stem, or body, of a tree, apart from its limbs and roots; the main stem, without the branches; stock; stalk.
Trunk	The body of an animal, apart from the head and limbs.
Trunk	The main body of anything; as, the trunk of a vein or of an artery, as distinct from the branches.
Trunk	That part of a pilaster which is between the base and the capital, corresponding to the shaft of a column.
Trunk	That segment of the body of an insect which is between the head and abdomen, and bears the wings and legs; the thorax; the truncus.
Trunk	The proboscis of an elephant.
Trunk	The proboscis of an insect.
Trunk	A long tube through which pellets of clay, p/as, etc., are driven by the force of the breath.
Trunk	A box or chest usually covered with leather, metal, or cloth, or sometimes made of leather, hide, or metal, for containing clothes or other goods; especially, one used to convey the effects of a traveler.
Trunk	A flume or sluice in which ores are separated from the slimes in which they are contained.
Trunk	A large pipe forming the piston rod of a steam engine, of sufficient diameter to allow one end of the connecting rod to be attached to the crank, and the other end to pass within the pipe directly to the piston, thus making the engine more compact.
Trunk	A long, large box, pipe, or conductor, made of plank or metal plates, for various uses, as for conveying air to a mine or to a furnace, water to a mill, grain to an elevator, etc.
Trunk	To lop off; to curtail; to truncate; to maim.
Trunk	To extract (ores) from the slimes in which they are contained, by means of a trunk. See Trunk, n., 9.
Trunkback	The leatherback.
Trunked	Having (such) a trunk.
Trunkfish	Any one of several species of plectognath fishes, belonging to the genus Ostracion, or the family Ostraciontidae, having an angular body covered with a rigid integument consisting of bony scales. Some of the species are called also coffer fish, and boxfish.
Trunkfuls	of Trunkful
Trunkful	As much as a trunk will hold; enough to fill a trunk.
Trunkwork	Work or devices suitable to be concealed; a secret stratagem.
Trunnel	A trundle.
Trunnel	See Treenail.
Trunnion	A cylindrical projection on each side of a piece, whether gun, mortar, or howitzer, serving to support it on the cheeks of the carriage. See Illust. of Cannon.
Trunnion	A gudgeon on each side of an oscillating steam cylinder, to support it. It is usually tubular, to convey steam.
Trunnioned	Provided with trunnions; as, the trunnioned cylinder of an oscillating steam engine.
Trusion	The act of pushing or thrusting.
Truss	A bundle; a package; as, a truss of grass.
Truss	A padded jacket or dress worn under armor, to protect the body from the effects of friction; also, a part of a woman's dress; a stomacher.
Truss	A bandage or apparatus used in cases of hernia, to keep up the reduced parts and hinder further protrusion, and for other purposes.
Truss	A tuft of flowers formed at the top of the main stalk, or stem, of certain plants.
Truss	The rope or iron used to keep the center of a yard to the mast.
Truss	An assemblage of members of wood or metal, supported at two points, and arranged to transmit pressure vertically to those points, with the least possible strain across the length of any member. Architectural trusses when left visible, as in open timber roofs, often contain members not needed for construction, or are built with greater massiveness than is requisite, or are composed in unscientific ways in accordance with the exigencies of style.
Trussed	of Truss
Trussing	of Truss
Truss	To bind or pack close; to make into a truss.
Truss	To take fast hold of; to seize and hold firmly; to pounce upon.
Truss	To strengthen or stiffen, as a beam or girder, by means of a brace or braces.
Truss	To skewer; to make fast, as the wings of a fowl to the body in cooking it.
Truss	To execute by hanging; to hang; -- usually with up.
Trussing	The timbers, etc., which form a truss, taken collectively.
Trussing	The art of stiffening or bracing a set of timbers, or the like, by putting in struts, ties, etc., till it has something of the character of a truss.
Trussing	The act of a hawk, or other bird of prey, in seizing its quarry, and soaring with it into air.
Trust	Assured resting of the mind on the integrity, veracity, justice, friendship, or other sound principle, of another person; confidence; reliance; reliance.
Trust	Credit given; especially, delivery of property or merchandise in reliance upon future payment; exchange without immediate receipt of an equivalent; as, to sell or buy goods on trust.
Trust	Assured anticipation; dependence upon something future or contingent, as if present or actual; hope; belief.
Trust	That which is committed or intrusted to one; something received in confidence; charge; deposit.
Trust	The condition or obligation of one to whom anything is confided; responsible charge or office.
Trust	That upon which confidence is reposed; ground of reliance; hope.
Trust	An estate devised or granted in confidence that the devisee or grantee shall convey it, or dispose of the profits, at the will, or for the benefit, of another; an estate held for the use of another; a confidence respecting property reposed in one person, who is termed the trustee, for the benefit of another, who is called the cestui que trust.
Trust	An organization formed mainly for the purpose of regulating the supply and price of commodities, etc.; as, a sugar trust.
Trust	Held in trust; as, trust property; trustmoney.
Trusted	of Trust
Trusting	of Trust
Trust	To place confidence in; to rely on, to confide, or repose faith, in; as, we can not trust those who have deceived us.
Trust	To give credence to; to believe; to credit.
Trust	To hope confidently; to believe; -- usually with a phrase or infinitive clause as the object.
Trust	to show confidence in a person by intrusting (him) with something.
Trust	To commit, as to one's care; to intrust.
Trust	To give credit to; to sell to upon credit, or in confidence of future payment; as, merchants and manufacturers trust their customers annually with goods.
Trust	To risk; to venture confidently.
Trust	To have trust; to be credulous; to be won to confidence; to confide.
Trust	To be confident, as of something future; to hope.
Trust	To sell or deliver anything in reliance upon a promise of payment; to give credit.
Trustee	A person to whom property is legally committed in trust, to be applied either for the benefit of specified individuals, or for public uses; one who is intrusted with property for the benefit of another; also, a person in whose hands the effects of another are attached in a trustee process.
Trustee	To commit (property) to the care of a trustee; as, to trustee an estate.
Trustee	To attach (a debtor's wages, credits, or property in the hands of a third person) in the interest of the creditor.
Trusteeship	The office or duty of a trustee.
Truster	One who trusts, or credits.
Truster	One who makes a trust; -- the correlative of trustee.
Trustful	Full of trust; trusting.
Trustful	Worthy of trust; faithful; trusty; trustworthy.
Trustily	In a trusty manner.
Trustiness	The quality or state of being trusty.
Trusting	Having or exercising trust; confiding; unsuspecting; trustful.
Trustless	That may not be trusted; not worthy of trust; unfaithful.
Trustworthy	Worthy of trust or confidence; trusty.
Trusty	Admitting of being safely trusted; justly deserving confidence; fit to be confided in; trustworthy; reliable.
Trusty	Hence, not liable to fail; strong; firm.
Trusty	Involving trust; as, a trusty business.
Truths	of Truth
Truth	The quality or being true; as: -- (a) Conformity to fact or reality; exact accordance with that which is, or has been; or shall be.
Truth	Conformity to rule; exactness; close correspondence with an example, mood, object of imitation, or the like.
Truth	Fidelity; constancy; steadfastness; faithfulness.
Truth	The practice of speaking what is true; freedom from falsehood; veracity.
Truth	That which is true or certain concerning any matter or subject, or generally on all subjects; real state of things; fact; verity; reality.
Truth	A true thing; a verified fact; a true statement or proposition; an established principle, fixed law, or the like; as, the great truths of morals.
Truth	Righteousness; true religion.
Truth	To assert as true; to declare.
Truthful	Full of truth; veracious; reliable.
Truthless	Devoid of truth; dishonest; dishonest; spurious; faithless.
Truth-lover	One who loves the truth.
Truthness	Truth.
Truth-teller	One who tells the truth.
Truthy	Truthful; likely; probable.
Trutination	The act of weighing.
Truttaceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a trout; as, fish of the truttaceous kind.
tried	of Try
Trying	of Try
Try	To divide or separate, as one sort from another; to winnow; to sift; to pick out; -- frequently followed by out; as, to try out the wild corn from the good.
Try	To purify or refine, as metals; to melt out, and procure in a pure state, as oil, tallow, lard, etc.
Try	To prove by experiment; to apply a test to, for the purpose of determining the quality; to examine; to prove; to test; as, to try weights or measures by a standard; to try a man's opinions.
Try	To subject to severe trial; to put to the test; to cause suffering or trouble to.
Try	To experiment with; to test by use; as, to try a remedy for disease; to try a horse.
Try	To strain; to subject to excessive tests; as, the light tries his eyes; repeated disappointments try one's patience.
Try	To examine or investigate judicially; to examine by witnesses or other judicial evidence and the principles of law; as, to try a cause, or a criminal.
Try	To settle; to decide; to determine; specifically, to decide by an appeal to arms; as, to try rival claims by a duel; to try conclusions.
Try	To experience; to have or gain knowledge of by experience.
Try	To essay; to attempt; to endeavor.
Try	To exert strength; to endeavor; to make an effort or an attempt; as, you must try hard if you wish to learn.
Try	To do; to fare; as, how do you try!
Try	A screen, or sieve, for grain.
Try	Act of trying; attempt; experiment; trial.
Try	Refined; select; excellent; choice.
Trygon	Any one of several species of large sting rays belonging to Trygon and allied genera.
Trying	Adapted to try, or put to severe trial; severe; afflictive; as, a trying occasion or position.
Trypsin	A proteolytic ferment, or enzyme, present in the pancreatic juice. Unlike the pepsin of the gastric juice, it acts in a neutral or alkaline fluid, and not only converts the albuminous matter of the food into soluble peptones, but also, in part, into leucin and tyrosin.
Trypsinogen	The antecedent of trypsin, a substance which is contained in the cells of the pancreas and gives rise to the trypsin.
Tryptic	Relating to trypsin or to its action; produced by trypsin; as, trypsin digestion.
Tryptone	The peptone formed by pancreatic digestion; -- so called because it is formed through the agency of the ferment trypsin.
Trysail	A fore-and-aft sail, bent to a gaff, and hoisted on a lower mast or on a small mast, called the trysail mast, close abaft a lower mast; -- used chiefly as a storm sail. Called also spencer.
Try-square	An instrument used by carpenters, joiners, etc., for laying off right angles off right angles, and testing whether work is square.
Tryst	Trust.
Tryst	An appointment to meet; also, an appointed place or time of meeting; as, to keep tryst; to break tryst.
Tryst	To trust.
Tryst	To agree with to meet at a certain place; to make an appointment with.
Tryst	To mutually agree to meet at a certain place.
Tryster	One who makes an appointment, or tryst; one who meets with another.
Trysting	An appointment; a tryst.
Tsar	The title of the emperor of Russia. See Czar.
Tsarina	Alt. of Tsaritsa
Tsaritsa	The title of the empress of Russia. See Czarina.
Tschakmeck	The chameck.
Tschego	A West African anthropoid ape allied to the gorilla and chimpanzee, and by some considered only a variety of the chimpanzee. It is noted for building large, umbrella-shaped nests in trees. Called also tscheigo, tschiego, nschego, nscheigo.
Tsebe	The springbok.
Tsetse	A venomous two-winged African fly (Glossina morsitans) whose bite is very poisonous, and even fatal, to horses and cattle, but harmless to men. It renders extensive districts in which it abounds uninhabitable during certain seasons of the year.
T square	See under T.
Tuatera	See Hatteria.
Tub	An open wooden vessel formed with staves, bottom, and hoops; a kind of short cask, half barrel, or firkin, usually with but one head, -- used for various purposes.
Tub	The amount which a tub contains, as a measure of quantity; as, a tub of butter; a tub of camphor, which is about 1 cwt., etc.
Tub	Any structure shaped like a tub: as, a certain old form of pulpit; a short, broad boat, etc., -- often used jocosely or opprobriously.
Tub	A sweating in a tub; a tub fast.
Tub	A small cask; as, a tub of gin.
Tub	A box or bucket in which coal or ore is sent up a shaft; -- so called by miners.
Tubbed	of Tub
Tubbing	of Tub
Tub	To plant or set in a tub; as, to tub a plant.
Tub	To make use of a bathing tub; to lie or be in a bath; to bathe.
Tuba	An ancient trumpet.
Tuba	A sax-tuba. See Sax-tuba.
Tubal	Of or pertaining to a tube; specifically, of or pertaining to one of the Fallopian tubes; as, tubal pregnancy.
Tubbing	The forming of a tub; also, collectively, materials for tubs.
Tubbing	A lining of timber or metal around the shaft of a mine; especially, a series of cast-iron cylinders bolted together, used to enable those who sink a shaft to penetrate quicksand, water, etc., with safety.
Tubby	Resembling a tub; specifically sounding dull and without resonance, like a tub; wanting elasticity or freedom of sound; as, a tubby violin.
Tube	A hollow cylinder, of any material, used for the conveyance of fluids, and for various other purposes; a pipe.
Tube	A telescope.
Tube	A vessel in animal bodies or plants, which conveys a fluid or other substance.
Tube	The narrow, hollow part of a gamopetalous corolla.
Tube	A priming tube, or friction primer. See under Priming, and Friction.
Tube	A small pipe forming part of the boiler, containing water and surrounded by flame or hot gases, or else surrounded by water and forming a flue for the gases to pass through.
Tube	A more or less cylindrical, and often spiral, case secreted or constructed by many annelids, crustaceans, insects, and other animals, for protection or concealment. See Illust. of Tubeworm.
Tube	One of the siphons of a bivalve mollusk.
Tubed	of Tube
Tubing	of Tube
Tube	To furnish with a tube; as, to tube a well.
Tubeform	In the form of a tube; tubular; tubiform.
Tube-nosed	Having the nostrils prolonged in the form of horny tubes along the sides of the beak; -- said of certain sea birds.
Tube-nosed	Belonging to the Tubinares.
Tuber	A fleshy, rounded stem or root, usually containing starchy matter, as the potato or arrowroot; a thickened root-stock. See Illust. of Tuberous.
Tuber	A genus of fungi. See Truffle.
Tuber	A tuberosity; a tubercle.
Tubercle	A small knoblike prominence or excrescence, whether natural or morbid; as, a tubercle on a plant; a tubercle on a bone; the tubercles appearing on the body in leprosy.
Tubercle	A small mass or aggregation of morbid matter; especially, the deposit which accompanies scrofula or phthisis. This is composed of a hard, grayish, or yellowish, translucent or opaque matter, which gradually softens, and excites suppuration in its vicinity. It is most frequently found in the lungs, causing consumption.
Tubercled	Having tubercles; affected with, tubercles; tuberculate; as, a tubercled lung or stalk.
Tubercular	Having tubercles; affected with tubercles; tubercled; tuberculate.
Tubercular	Like a tubercle; as, a tubercular excrescence.
Tubercular	Characterized by the development of tubercles; as, tubercular diathesis.
Tuberculate	Alt. of Tuberculated
Tuberculated	Tubercled; tubercular.
Tuberculin	A fluid containing the products formed by the growth of the tubercle bacillus in a suitable culture medium.
Tuberculization	The development of tubercles; the condition of one who is affected with tubercles.
Tuberculose	Alt. of Tuberculous
Tuberculous	Having tubercles; affected with, or characterized by, tubercles; tubercular.
Tuberculosis	A constitutional disease characterized by the production of tubercles in the internal organs, and especially in the lungs, where it constitutes the most common variety of pulmonary consumption.
Tubercula	of Tuberculum
Tuberculum	A tubercle.
Tuberiferous	Producing or bearing tubers.
Tuberose	A plant (Polianthes tuberosa) with a tuberous root and a liliaceous flower. It is much cultivated for its beautiful and fragrant white blossoms.
Tuberose	Tuberous.
Tuberosities	of Tuberosity
Tuberosity	The state of being tuberous.
Tuberosity	An obtuse or knoblike prominence; a protuberance.
Tuberous	Covered with knobby or wartlike prominences; knobbed.
Tuberous	Consisting of, or bearing, tubers; resembling a tuber.
Tube-shell	Any bivalve mollusk which secretes a shelly tube around its siphon, as the watering-shell.
Tubeworm	Any annelid which constructs a tube; one of the Tubicolae.
Tubfish	The sapphirine gurnard (Trigla hirundo). See Illust. under Gurnard.
Tubfuls	of Tubful
Tubful	As much as a tub will hold; enough to fill a tub.
Tubicinate	To blow a trumpet.
Tubicolae	A division of annelids including those which construct, and habitually live in, tubes. The head or anterior segments usually bear gills and cirri. Called also Sedentaria, and Capitibranchiata. See Serpula, and Sabella.
Tubicolar	Tubicolous.
Tubicole	One of the Tubicolae.
Tubicolous	Inhabiting a tube; as, tubicolous worms.
Tubicorn	Any ruminant having horns composed of a bony axis covered with a horny sheath; a hollow-horned ruminant.
Tubicornous	Having hollow horns.
Tubiform	Having the form of a tube; tubeform.
Tubinares	A tribe of sea birds comprising the petrels, shearwaters, albatrosses, hagdons, and allied birds having tubular horny nostrils.
Tubing	The act of making tubes.
Tubing	A series of tubes; tubes, collectively; a length or piece of a tube; material for tubes; as, leather tubing.
Tubipora	A genus of halcyonoids in which the skeleton, or coral (called organ-pipe coral), consists of a mass of parallel cylindrical tubes united at intervals by transverse plates. These corals are usually red or purple and form large masses. They are natives of the tropical parts of the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
Tubipore	Any species of the genus Tubipora.
Tubiporite	Any fossil coral of the genus Syringopora consisting of a cluster of upright tubes united together by small transverse tubules.
Tubivalve	A shell or tube formed by an annelid, as a serpula.
Tubmen	of Tubman
Tubman	One of the two most experienced barristers in the Court of Exchequer.  Cf. Postman, 2.
Tubular	Having the form of a tube, or pipe; consisting of a pipe; fistular; as, a tubular snout; a tubular calyx. Also, containing, or provided with, tubes.
Tubularia	A genus of hydroids having large, naked, flowerlike hydranths at the summits of long, slender, usually simple, stems. The gonophores are small, and form clusters at the bases of the outer tentacles.
Tubulariae	See Tubularida.
Tubularian	Any hydroid belonging to the suborder Tubularida.
Tubularian	Of or pertaining to the tubularians.
Tubularida	An extensive division of Hydroidea; the tubularians; -- called also Athecata, Gymnoblastea, and Tubulariae.
Tubulate	Tubular; tubulated; tubulous.
Tubulated	Made in the form of a small tube; provided with a tube, or elongated opening.
Tubulation	The act of shaping or making a tube, or of providing with a tube; also, a tube or tubulure; as, the tubulation of a retort.
Tubulature	A tubulure.
Tubule	A small pipe or fistular body; a little tube.
Tubule	A minute tube lined with glandular epithelium; as, the uriniferous tubules of the kidney.
Tubulibranchian	One of the Tubulibranchiata.
Tubulibranchiata	A group of gastropod mollusks having a tubular shell. Vermetus is an example.
Tubulicole	Any hydroid which has tubular chitinous stems.
Tubulidentate	Having teeth traversed by canals; -- said of certain edentates.
Tubuliform	Having the form of a small tube.
Tubulipore	Any one of numerous species of Bryozoa belonging to Tubulipora and allied genera, having tubular calcareous calicles.
Tubulose	Alt. of Tubulous
Tubulous	Resembling, or in the form of, a tube; longitudinally hollow; specifically (Bot.), having a hollow cylindrical corolla, often expanded or toothed at the border; as, a tubulose flower.
Tubulous	Containing, or consisting of, small tubes; specifically (Bot.), composed wholly of tubulous florets; as, a tubulous compound flower.
Tubulure	A short tubular opening at the top of a retort, or at the top or side of a bottle; a tubulation.
Tucan	The Mexican pocket gopher (Geomys Mexicanus). It resembles the common pocket gopher of the Western United States, but is larger. Called also tugan, and tuza.
Tucet	See Tucket, a steak.
Tuch	A dark-colored kind of marble; touchstone.
Tuck	A long, narrow sword; a rapier.
Tuck	The beat of a drum.
Tucked	of Tuck
Tucking	of Tuck
Tuck	To draw up; to shorten; to fold under; to press into a narrower compass; as, to tuck the bedclothes in; to tuck up one's sleeves.
Tuck	To make a tuck or tucks in; as, to tuck a dress.
Tuck	To inclose; to put within; to press into a close place; as, to tuck a child into a bed; to tuck a book under one's arm, or into a pocket.
Tuck	To full, as cloth.
Tuck	To contract; to draw together.
Tuck	A horizontal sewed fold, such as is made in a garment, to shorten it; a plait.
Tuck	A small net used for taking fish from a larger one; -- called also tuck-net.
Tuck	A pull; a lugging.
Tuck	The part of a vessel where the ends of the bottom planks meet under the stern.
Tuck	Food; pastry; sweetmeats.
Tuckahoe	A curious vegetable production of the Southern Atlantic United States, growing under ground like a truffle and often attaining immense size. The real nature is unknown. Called also Indian bread, and Indian loaf.
Tucker	One who, or that which, tucks; specifically, an instrument with which tuck are made.
Tucker	A narrow piece of linen or the like, folded across the breast, or attached to the gown at the neck, forming a part of a woman's dress in the 17th century and later.
Tucker	A fuller.
Tucker	To tire; to weary; -- usually with out.
Tucket	A slight flourish on a trumpet; a fanfare.
Tucket	A steak; a collop.
Tuck-net	See Tuck, n., 2.
Tucum	A fine, strong fiber obtained from the young leaves of a Brazilian palm (Astrocaryum vulgare), used for cordage, bowstrings, etc.; also, the plant yielding this fiber. Called also tecum, and tecum fiber.
Tucuma	A Brazilian palm (Astrocaryum Tucuma) which furnishes an edible fruit.
Tudor	Of or pertaining to a royal line of England, descended from Owen Tudor of Wales, who married the widowed queen of Henry V. The first reigning Tudor was Henry VII.; the last, Elizabeth.
Tue	The parson bird.
Tuefall	See To-fall.
Tue-iron	See Tuyere.
Tue-irons	A pair of blacksmith's tongs.
Tuesday	The third day of the week, following Monday and preceding Wednesday.
Tuet	The lapwing.
Tufa	A soft or porous stone formed by depositions from water, usually calcareous; -- called also calcareous tufa.
Tufa	A friable volcanic rock or conglomerate, formed of consolidated cinders, or scoria.
Tufaceous	Pertaining to tufa; consisting of, or resembling, tufa.
Tuff	Same as Tufa.
Tuffoon	See Typhoon.
Tuft	A collection of small, flexible, or soft things in a knot or bunch; a waving or bending and spreading cluster; as, a tuft of flowers or feathers.
Tuft	A cluster; a clump; as, a tuft of plants.
Tuft	A nobleman, or person of quality, especially in the English universities; -- so called from the tuft, or gold tassel, on the cap worn by them.
Tufted	of Tuft
Tufting	of Tuft
Tuft	To separate into tufts.
Tuft	To adorn with tufts or with a tuft.
Tuft	To grow in, or form, a tuft or tufts.
Tuf-taffeta	A silk fabric formerly in use, having a nap or pile.
Tufted	Adorned with a tuft; as, the tufted duck.
Tufted	Growing in tufts or clusters; tufty.
Tufthunter	A hanger-on to noblemen, or persons of quality, especially in English universities; a toady. See 1st Tuft, 3.
Tufthunting	The practice of seeking after, and hanging on, noblemen, or persons of quality, especially in English universities.
Tufty	Abounding with tufts.
Tufty	Growing in tufts or clusters.
Tugged	of Tug
Tugging	of Tug
Tug	To pull or draw with great effort; to draw along with continued exertion; to haul along; to tow; as, to tug a loaded cart; to tug a ship into port.
Tug	To pull; to pluck.
Tug	To pull with great effort; to strain in labor; as, to tug at the oar; to tug against the stream.
Tug	To labor; to strive; to struggle.
Tug	A pull with the utmost effort, as in the athletic contest called tug of war; a supreme effort.
Tug	A sort of vehicle, used for conveying timber and heavy articles.
Tug	A small, powerful steamboat used to tow vessels; -- called also steam tug, tugboat, and towboat.
Tug	A trace, or drawing strap, of a harness.
Tug	An iron hook of a hoisting tub, to which a tackle is affixed.
Tugan	Same as Tucan.
Tugboat	See Tug, n., 3.
Tugger	One who tugs.
Tuggingly	In a tugging manner; with laborious pulling.
Tulle	In plate armor, a suspended plate in from of the thigh. See Illust. of Tasses.
Tuition	Superintending care over a young person; the particular watch and care of a tutor or guardian over his pupil or ward; guardianship.
Tuition	Especially, the act, art, or business of teaching; instruction; as, children are sent to school for tuition; his tuition was thorough.
Tuition	The money paid for instruction; the price or payment for instruction.
Tuitionary	Of or pertaining to tuition.
Tuko-tuko	A burrowing South American rodent (Ctenomys Braziliensis). It has small eyes and ears and a short tail. It resembles the pocket gopher in size, form, and habits, but is more nearly allied to the porcupines.
Tula metal	An alloy of silver, copper, and lead made at Tula in Russia.
Tule	A large bulrush (Scirpus lacustris, and S. Tatora) growing abundantly on overflowed land in California and elsewhere.
Tulip	Any plant of the liliaceous genus Tulipa. Many varieties are cultivated for their beautiful, often variegated flowers.
Tulip-eared	Having erect, pointed ears; prick-eared; -- said of certain dogs.
Tulipist	A person who is especially devoted to the cultivation of tulips.
Tulipomania	A violent passion for the acquisition or cultivation of tulips; -- a word said by Beckman to have been coined by Menage.
Tulipomaniac	One who is affected with tulipomania.
Tulip-shell	A large, handsomely colored, marine univalve shell (Fasciolaria tulipa) native of the Southern United States. The name is sometimes applied also to other species of Fasciolaria.
Tulipwood	The beautiful rose-colored striped wood of a Brazilian tree (Physocalymna floribunda), much used by cabinetmakers for inlaying.
Tull	To allure; to tole.
Tulle	A kind of silk lace or light netting, used for veils, etc.
Tullian	Belonging to, or in the style of, Tully (Marcus Tullius Cicero).
Tullibee	A whitefish (Coregonus tullibee) found in the Great Lakes of North America; -- called also mongrel whitefish.
Tumbled	of Tumble
Tumbling	of Tumble
Tumble	To roll over, or to and fro; to throw one's self about; as, a person on pain tumbles and tosses.
Tumble	To roll down; to fall suddenly and violently; to be precipitated; as, to tumble from a scaffold.
Tumble	To play tricks by various movements and contortions of the body; to perform the feats of an acrobat.
Tumble	To turn over; to turn or throw about, as for examination or search; to roll or move in a rough, coarse, or unceremonious manner; to throw down or headlong; to precipitate; -- sometimes with over, about, etc.; as, to tumble books or papers.
Tumble	To disturb; to rumple; as, to tumble a bed.
Tumble	Act of tumbling, or rolling over; a fall.
Tumblebug	See Tumbledung.
Tumble-down	Ready to fall; dilapidated; ruinous; as, a tumble-down house.
Tumbledung	Any one of numerous species of scaraboid beetles belonging to Scarabaeus, Copris, Phanaeus, and allied genera. The female lays her eggs in a globular mass of dung which she rolls by means of her hind legs to a burrow excavated in the earth in which she buries it.
Tumbler	One who tumbles; one who plays tricks by various motions of the body; an acrobat.
Tumbler	A movable obstruction in a lock, consisting of a lever, latch, wheel, slide, or the like, which must be adjusted to a particular position by a key or other means before the bolt can be thrown in locking or unlocking.
Tumbler	A piece attached to, or forming part of, the hammer of a gunlock, upon which the mainspring acts and in which are the notches for sear point to enter.
Tumbler	A drinking glass, without a foot or stem; -- so called because originally it had a pointed or convex base, and could not be set down with any liquor in it, thus compelling the drinker to finish his measure.
Tumbler	A variety of the domestic pigeon remarkable for its habit of tumbling, or turning somersaults, during its flight.
Tumbler	A breed of dogs that tumble when pursuing game. They were formerly used in hunting rabbits.
Tumbler	A kind of cart; a tumbrel.
Tumblerfuls	of Tumblerful
Tumblerful	As much as a tumbler will hold; enough to fill a tumbler.
Tumbleweed	Any plant which habitually breaks away from its roots in the autumn, and is driven by the wind, as a light, rolling mass, over the fields and prairies; as witch grass, wild indigo, Amarantus albus, etc.
Tumbling	a. & vb. n. from Tumble, v.
Tumbrel	Alt. of Tumbril
Tumbril	A cucking stool for the punishment of scolds.
Tumbril	A rough cart.
Tumbril	A cart or carriage with two wheels, which accompanies troops or artillery, to convey the tools of pioneers, cartridges, and the like.
Tumbril	A kind of basket or cage of osiers, willows, or the like, to hold hay and other food for sheep.
Tumefaction	The act or process of tumefying, swelling, or rising into a tumor; a swelling.
Tumefied	of Tumefy
Tumefying	of Tumefy
Tumefy	To swell; to cause to swell, or puff up.
Tumefy	To rise in a tumor; to swell.
Tumid	Swelled, enlarged, or distended; as, a tumid leg; tumid flesh.
Tumid	Rising above the level; protuberant.
Tumid	Swelling in sound or sense; pompous; puffy; inflated; bombastic; falsely sublime; turgid; as, a tumid expression; a tumid style.
Tumidity	The quality or state of being tumid.
Tummals	A great quantity or heap.
Tumor	A morbid swelling, prominence, or growth, on any part of the body; especially, a growth produced by deposition of new tissue; a neoplasm.
Tumor	Affected pomp; bombast; swelling words or expressions; false magnificence or sublimity.
Tumored	Distended; swelled.
Tumorous	Swelling; protuberant.
Tumorous	Inflated; bombastic.
Tump	A little hillock; a knoll.
Tumped	of Tump
Tumping	of Tump
Tump	To form a mass of earth or a hillock about; as, to tump teasel.
Tump	To draw or drag, as a deer or other animal after it has been killed.
Tumpline	A strap placed across a man's forehead to assist him in carrying a pack on his back.
Tum-tum	A dish made in the West Indies by beating boiled plantain quite soft in a wooden mortar.
Tumular	Consisting in a heap; formed or being in a heap or hillock.
Tumulate	To cover, as a corpse, with a mound or tomb; to bury.
Tumulate	To swell.
Tumulose	Tumulous.
Tumulosity	The quality or state of being tumulous; hilliness.
Tumulous	Full of small hills or mounds; hilly; tumulose.
Tumult	The commotion or agitation of a multitude, usually accompanied with great noise, uproar, and confusion of voices; hurly-burly; noisy confusion.
Tumult	Violent commotion or agitation, with confusion of sounds; as, the tumult of the elements.
Tumult	Irregular or confused motion; agitation; high excitement; as, the tumult of the spirits or passions.
Tumult	To make a tumult; to be in great commotion.
Tumulter	A maker of tumults.
Tumultuarily	In a tumultuary manner.
Tumultuariness	The quality or state of being tumultuary.
Tumultuary	Attended by, or producing, a tumult; disorderly; promiscuous; confused; tumultuous.
Tumultuary	Restless; agitated; unquiet.
Tumultuate	To make a tumult.
Tumultuation	Irregular or disorderly movement; commotion; as, the tumultuation of the parts of a fluid.
Tumultuous	Full of tumult; characterized by tumult; disorderly; turbulent.
Tumultuous	Conducted with disorder; noisy; confused; boisterous; disorderly; as, a tumultuous assembly or meeting.
Tumultuous	Agitated, as with conflicting passions; disturbed.
Tumultuous	Turbulent; violent; as, a tumultuous speech.
Tumuli	of Tumulus
Tumulus	An artificial hillock, especially one raised over a grave, particularly over the graves of persons buried in ancient times; a barrow.
Tun	A large cask; an oblong vessel bulging in the middle, like a pipe or puncheon, and girt with hoops; a wine cask.
Tun	A fermenting vat.
Tun	A certain measure for liquids, as for wine, equal to two pipes, four hogsheads, or 252 gallons. In different countries, the tun differs in quantity.
Tun	A weight of 2,240 pounds. See Ton.
Tun	An indefinite large quantity.
Tun	A drunkard; -- so called humorously, or in contempt.
Tun	Any shell belonging to Dolium and allied genera; -- called also tun-shell.
Tunned	of Tun
Tunning	of Tun
Tun	To put into tuns, or casks.
Tuna	The Opuntia Tuna. See Prickly pear, under Prickly.
Tuna	The tunny.
Tuna	The bonito, 2.
Tunable	Capable of being tuned, or made harmonious; hence, harmonious; musical; tuneful.
Tun-bellied	Having a large, protuberant belly, or one shaped like a tun; pot-bellied.
Tun-dish	A tunnel.
Tundra	A rolling, marshy, mossy plain of Northern Siberia.
Tune	A sound; a note; a tone.
Tune	A rhythmical, melodious, symmetrical series of tones for one voice or instrument, or for any number of voices or instruments in unison, or two or more such series forming parts in harmony; a melody; an air; as, a merry tune; a mournful tune; a slow tune; a psalm tune. See Air.
Tune	The state of giving the proper, sound or sounds; just intonation; harmonious accordance; pitch of the voice or an instrument; adjustment of the parts of an instrument so as to harmonize with itself or with others; as, the piano, or the organ, is not in tune.
Tune	Order; harmony; concord; fit disposition, temper, or humor; right mood.
Tuned	of Tune
Tuning	of Tune
Tune	To put into a state adapted to produce the proper sounds; to harmonize, to cause to be in tune; to correct the tone of; as, to tune a piano or a violin.
Tune	To give tone to; to attune; to adapt in style of music; to make harmonious.
Tune	To sing with melody or harmony.
Tune	To put into a proper state or disposition.
Tune	To form one sound to another; to form accordant musical sounds.
Tune	To utter inarticulate harmony with the voice; to sing without pronouncing words; to hum.
Tuneful	Harmonious; melodious; musical; as, tuneful notes.
Tuneless	Without tune; inharmonious; unmusical.
Tuneless	Not employed in making music; as, tuneless harps.
Tuneless	Not expressed in music or poetry; unsung.
Tuner	One who tunes; especially, one whose occupation is to tune musical instruments.
Tun-great	Having the circumference of a tun.
Tungstate	A salt of tungstic acid; a wolframate.
Tungsten	A rare element of the chromium group found in certain minerals, as wolfram and scheelite, and isolated as a heavy steel-gray metal which is very hard and infusible. It has both acid and basic properties. When alloyed in small quantities with steel, it greatly increases its hardness. Symbol W (Wolframium). Atomic weight, 183.6. Specific gravity, 18.
Tungsten	Scheelite, or calcium tungstate.
Tungstenic	Of or pertaining to tungsten; containing tungsten; as, tungstenic ores.
Tungstic	Of or pertaining to tungsten; derived from, or resembling, tungsten; wolframic; as, tungstic oxide.
Tungstite	The oxide of tungsten, a yellow mineral occurring in a pulverulent form. It is often associated with wolfram.
Tunguses	A group of roving Turanian tribes occupying Eastern Siberia and the Amoor valley. They resemble the Mongols.
Tungusic	Of or pertaining to the Tunguses; as, the Tungusic dialects.
Tunhoof	Ground ivy; alehoof.
Tunic	An under-garment worn by the ancient Romans of both sexes. It was made with or without sleeves, reached to or below the knees, and was confined at the waist by a girdle.
Tunic	Any similar garment worm by ancient or Oriental peoples; also, a common name for various styles of loose-fitting under-garments and over-garments worn in modern times by Europeans and others.
Tunic	Same as Tunicle.
Tunic	A membrane, or layer of tissue, especially when enveloping an organ or part, as the eye.
Tunic	A natural covering; an integument; as, the tunic of a seed.
Tunic	See Mantle, n., 3 (a).
Tunicaries	of Tunicary
Tunicary	One of the Tunicata.
Tunicata	A grand division of the animal kingdom, intermediate, in some respects, between the invertebrates and vertebrates, and by some writers united with the latter. They were formerly classed with acephalous mollusks. The body is usually covered with a firm external tunic, consisting in part of cellulose, and having two openings, one for the entrance and one for the exit of water. The pharynx is usually dilated in the form of a sac, pierced by several series of ciliated slits, and serves as a gill.
Tunicate	Alt. of Tunicated
Tunicated	Covered with a tunic; covered or coated with layers; as, a tunicated bulb.
Tunicated	Having a tunic, or mantle; of or pertaining to the Tunicata.
Tunicated	Having each joint buried in the preceding funnel-shaped one, as in certain antennae of insects.
Tunicate	One of the Tunicata.
Tunicin	Animal cellulose; a substance present in the mantle, or tunic, of the Tunicates, which resembles, or is identical with, the cellulose of the vegetable kingdom.
Tunicle	A slight natural covering; an integument.
Tunicle	A short, close-fitting vestment worn by bishops under the dalmatic, and by subdeacons.
Tuning	a. & n. from Tune, v.
Tunk	A sharp blow; a thump.
Tunker	Same as Dunker.
Tunnage	See Tonnage.
Tunnel	A vessel with a broad mouth at one end, a pipe or tube at the other, for conveying liquor, fluids, etc., into casks, bottles, or other vessels; a funnel.
Tunnel	The opening of a chimney for the passage of smoke; a flue; a funnel.
Tunnel	An artificial passage or archway for conducting canals or railroads under elevated ground, for the formation of roads under rivers or canals, and the construction of sewers, drains, and the like.
Tunnel	A level passage driven across the measures, or at right angles to veins which it is desired to reach; -- distinguished from the drift, or gangway, which is led along the vein when reached by the tunnel.
Tunneled	of Tunnel
Tunnelled	of Tunnel
Tunneling	of Tunnel
Tunnelling	of Tunnel
Tunnel	To form into a tunnel, or funnel, or to form like a tunnel; as, to tunnel fibrous plants into nests.
Tunnel	To catch in a tunnel net.
Tunnel	To make an opening, or a passageway, through or under; as, to tunnel a mountain; to tunnel a river.
Tunnies	of Tunny
Tunny	Any one of several species of large oceanic fishes belonging to the Mackerel family, especially the common or great tunny (Orcynus / Albacora thynnus) native of the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean. It sometimes weighs a thousand pounds or more, and is extensively caught in the Mediterranean. On the American coast it is called horse mackerel. See Illust. of Horse mackerel, under Horse.
Tup	To butt, as a ram does.
Tup	To cover; -- said of a ram.
Tup	A ram.
Tupal	Any one of the tupaiids.
Tupaiid	Any one of several species of East Indian and Asiatic insectivores of the family Tupaiidae, somewhat resembling squirrels in size and arboreal habits. The nose is long and pointed.
Tupelo	A North American tree (Nyssa multiflora) of the Dogwood family, having brilliant, glossy foliage and acid red berries. The wood is crossgrained and very difficult to split. Called also black gum, sour gum, and pepperidge.
Tupmen	of Tupman
Tupman	A man who breeds, or deals in tups.
Tur	The urus.
Turacin	A red or crimson pigment obtained from certain feathers of several species of turacou; whence the name. It contains nearly six per cent of copper.
Turacou	Any one of several species of plantain eaters of the genus Turacus, native of Africa. They are remarkable for the peculiar green and red pigments found in their feathers.
Turacoverdin	A green pigment found in the feathers of the turacou. See Turacin.
Turanian	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an extensive family of languages of simple structure and low grade (called also Altaic, Ural-Altaic, and Scythian), spoken in the northern parts of Europe and Asia and Central Asia; of pertaining to, or designating, the people who speak these languages.
Turanian	One of the Turanians.
Turanians	An extensive division of mankind including the Mongols and allied races of Asia, together with the Malays and Polynesians.
Turanians	A group of races or tribes inhabiting Asia and closely related to the Mongols.
Turatt	The hare kangaroo.
Turban	A headdress worn by men in the Levant and by most Mohammedans of the male sex, consisting of a cap, and a sash, scarf, or shawl, usually of cotton or linen, wound about the cap, and sometimes hanging down the neck.
Turban	A kind of headdress worn by women.
Turban	The whole set of whorls of a spiral shell.
Turband	A turban.
Turbaned	Wearing a turban.
Turban-shell	A sea urchin when deprived of its spines; -- popularly so called from a fancied resemblance to a turban.
Turbant	A turban.
Turban-top	A kind of fungus with an irregularly wrinkled, somewhat globular pileus (Helvella, / Gyromitra, esculenta.).
Turbaries	of Turbary
Turbary	A right of digging turf on another man's land; also, the ground where turf is dug.
Turbellaria	An extensive group of worms which have the body covered externally with vibrating cilia. It includes the Rhabdoc/la and Dendroc/la. Formerly, the nemerteans were also included in this group.
Turbellarian	One of the Turbellaria. Also used adjectively.
Turbeth	See Turpeth.
Turbid	Having the lees or sediment disturbed; roiled; muddy; thick; not clear; -- used of liquids of any kind; as, turbid water; turbid wine.
Turbid	Disturbed; confused; disordered.
Turbidity	Turbidness.
Turbidly	In a turbid manner; with muddiness or confusion.
Turbidly	Proudly; haughtily.
Turbidness	The quality or state of being turbid; muddiness; foulness.
Turbillion	A whirl; a vortex.
Turbinaceous	Of or pertaining to peat, or turf; of the nature of peat, or turf; peaty; turfy.
Turbinal	Rolled in a spiral; scroll-like; turbinate; -- applied to the thin, plicated, bony or cartilaginous plates which support the olfactory and mucous membranes of the nasal chambers.
Turbinal	A turbinal bone or cartilage.
Turbinate	To revolve or spin like a top; to whirl.
Turbinate	Alt. of Turbinated
Turbinated	Whirling in the manner of a top.
Turbinated	Shaped like a top, or inverted cone; narrow at the base, and broad at the apex; as, a turbinated ovary, pericarp, or root.
Turbinated	Turbinal.
Turbinated	Spiral with the whorls decreasing rapidly from a large base to a pointed apex; -- said of certain shells.
Turbination	The act of spinning or whirling, as a top.
Turbine	A water wheel, commonly horizontal, variously constructed, but usually having a series of curved floats or buckets, against which the water acts by its impulse or reaction in flowing either outward from a central chamber, inward from an external casing, or from above downward, etc.; -- also called turbine wheel.
Turbinella	A genus of large marine gastropods having a thick heavy shell with conspicuous folds on the columella.
Turbinite	A petrified shell resembling the genus Turbo.
Turbinoid	Like or pertaining to Turbo or the family Turbinidae.
Turbit	The turbot.
Turbit	A variety of the domestic pigeon, remarkable for its short beak.
Turbite	A fossil turbo.
Turbith	See Turpeth.
Turbo	Any one of numerous marine gastropods of the genus Turbo or family Turbinidae, usually having a turbinate shell, pearly on the inside, and a calcareous operculum.
Turbot	A large European flounder (Rhombus maximus) highly esteemed as a food fish. It often weighs from thirty to forty pounds. Its color on the upper side is brownish with small roundish tubercles scattered over the surface. The lower, or blind, side is white. Called also bannock fluke.
Turbot	Any one of numerous species of flounders more or less related to the true turbots, as the American plaice, or summer flounder (see Flounder), the halibut, and the diamond flounder (Hypsopsetta guttulata) of California.
Turbot	The filefish; -- so called in Bermuda.
Turbot	The trigger fish.
Turbulence	The quality or state of being turbulent; a disturbed state; tumult; disorder; agitation.
Turbulency	Turbulence.
Turbulent	Disturbed; agitated; tumultuous; roused to violent commotion; as, the turbulent ocean.
Turbulent	Disposed to insubordination and disorder; restless; unquiet; refractory; as, turbulent spirits.
Turbulent	Producing commotion; disturbing; exciting.
Turbulently	In a turbulent manner.
Turcism	A mode of speech peculiar to the Turks; a Turkish idiom or expression; also, in general, a Turkish mode or custom.
Turcomans	of Turcoman
Turcoman	A member of a tribe of Turanians inhabiting a region east of the Caspian Sea.
Turcoman	A Turcoman carpet.
Turdiformes	A division of singing birds including the thrushes and allied kinds.
Turdus	A genus of singing birds including the true thrushes.
Tureen	A large, deep vessel for holding soup, or other liquid food, at the table.
Tureenfuls	of Tureenful
Tureenful	As much as a tureen can hold; enough to fill a tureen.
Turfs	of Turf
Turves	of Turf
Turf	That upper stratum of earth and vegetable mold which is filled with the roots of grass and other small plants, so as to adhere and form a kind of mat; sward; sod.
Turf	Peat, especially when prepared for fuel. See Peat.
Turf	Race course; horse racing; -- preceded by the.
Turfed	of Turf
Turfing	of Turf
Turf	To cover with turf or sod; as, to turf a bank, of the border of a terrace.
Turfen	Made of turf; covered with turf.
Turfiness	Quality or state of being turfy.
Turfing	The act or process of providing or covering with turf.
Turfite	A votary of the turf, or race course; hence, sometimes, a blackleg.
Turfless	Destitute of turf.
Turfmen	of Turfman
Turfman	A turfite; a votary of the turf, or race course.
Turfy	Abounding with turf; made of, or covered with, turf.
Turfy	Having the nature or appearance of turf.
Turfy	Of or pertaining to the turf, or horse racing.
Turgent	Rising into a tumor, or a puffy state; swelling; tumid; as, turgent humors.
Turgent	Inflated; bombastic; turgid; pompous.
Turgesced	of Turgesce
Turgescing	of Turgesce
Turgesce	To become turgid; to swell or be inflated.
Turgescence	Alt. of Turgescency
Turgescency	The act of swelling, or the state of being swollen, or turgescent.
Turgescency	Empty magnificence or pompousness; inflation; bombast; turgidity.
Turgescent	Becoming turgid or inflated; swelling; growing big.
Turgid	Distended beyond the natural state by some internal agent or expansive force; swelled; swollen; bloated; inflated; tumid; -- especially applied to an enlarged part of the body; as, a turgid limb; turgid fruit.
Turgid	Swelling in style or language; vainly ostentatious; bombastic; pompous; as, a turgid style of speaking.
Turgidity	The quality or state of being turgid.
Turgidous	Turgid.
Turiones	of Turio
Turio	A shoot or sprout from the ground.
Turiole	The golden oriole.
Turion	Same as Turio.
Turioniferous	Producing shoots, as asparagus.
Turk	A member of any of numerous Tartar tribes of Central Asia, etc.; esp., one of the dominant race in Turkey.
Turk	A native or inhabitant of Turkey.
Turk	A Mohammedan; esp., one living in Turkey.
Turk	The plum weevil. See Curculio, and Plum weevil, under Plum.
Turkeis	Turkish.
Turkey	An empire in the southeast of Europe and southwest of Asia.
Turkeys	of Turkey
Turkey	Any large American gallinaceous bird belonging to the genus Meleagris, especially the North American wild turkey (Meleagris gallopavo), and the domestic turkey, which was probably derived from the Mexican wild turkey, but had been domesticated by the Indians long before the discovery of America.
Turkeys	Turkish.
Turkic	Turkish.
Turkis	Turquois.
Turkish	Of or pertaining to Turkey or the Turks.
Turkish	The language spoken by Turks, esp. that of the people of Turkey.
Turkism	Same as Turcism.
Turkle	A turtle.
Turkos	of Turko
Turko	One of a body of native Algerian tirailleurs in the French army, dressed as a Turk.
Turkois	Turquoise.
Turkomans	of Turkoman
Turkoman	Same as Turcoman.
Turlupin	One of the precursors of the Reformation; -- a nickname corresponding to Lollard, etc.
Turm	A troop; a company.
Turmaline	See Tourmaline.
Turmeric	An East Indian plant of the genus Curcuma, of the Ginger family.
Turmeric	The root or rootstock of the Curcuma longa. It is externally grayish, but internally of a deep, lively yellow or saffron color, and has a slight aromatic smell, and a bitterish, slightly acrid taste. It is used for a dye, a medicine, a condiment, and a chemical test.
Turmeric	Of or pertaining to turmeric; resembling, or obtained from, turmeric; specif., designating an acid obtained by the oxidation of turmerol.
Turmerol	Turmeric oil, a brownish yellow, oily substance extracted from turmeric by ligroin.
Turmoil	Harassing labor; trouble; molestation by tumult; disturbance; worrying confusion.
Turmoiled	of Turmoil
Turmoiling	of Turmoil
Turmoil	To harass with commotion; to disquiet; to worry.
Turmoil	To be disquieted or confused; to be in commotion.
Turned	of Turn
Turning	of Turn
Turn	To cause to move upon a center, or as if upon a center; to give circular motion to; to cause to revolve; to cause to move round, either partially, wholly, or repeatedly; to make to change position so as to present other sides in given directions; to make to face otherwise; as, to turn a wheel or a spindle; to turn the body or the head.
Turn	To cause to present a different side uppermost or outmost; to make the upper side the lower, or the inside to be the outside of; to reverse the position of; as, to turn a box or a board; to turn a coat.
Turn	To give another direction, tendency, or inclination to; to direct otherwise; to deflect; to incline differently; -- used both literally and figuratively; as, to turn the eyes to the heavens; to turn a horse from the road, or a ship from her course; to turn the attention to or from something.
Turn	To change from a given use or office; to divert, as to another purpose or end; to transfer; to use or employ; to apply; to devote.
Turn	To change the form, quality, aspect, or effect of; to alter; to metamorphose; to convert; to transform; -- often with to or into before the word denoting the effect or product of the change; as, to turn a worm into a winged insect; to turn green to blue; to turn prose into verse; to turn a Whig to a Tory, or a Hindu to a Christian; to turn good to evil, and the like.
Turn	To form in a lathe; to shape or fashion (anything) by applying a cutting tool to it while revolving; as, to turn the legs of stools or tables; to turn ivory or metal.
Turn	Hence, to give form to; to shape; to mold; to put in proper condition; to adapt.
Turn	To translate; to construe; as, to turn the Iliad.
Turn	To make acid or sour; to ferment; to curdle, etc.: as, to turn cider or wine; electricity turns milk quickly.
Turn	To sicken; to nauseate; as, an emetic turns one's stomach.
Turn	To move round; to have a circular motion; to revolve entirely, repeatedly, or partially; to change position, so as to face differently; to whirl or wheel round; as, a wheel turns on its axis; a spindle turns on a pivot; a man turns on his heel.
Turn	Hence, to revolve as if upon a point of support; to hinge; to depend; as, the decision turns on a single fact.
Turn	To result or terminate; to come about; to eventuate; to issue.
Turn	To be deflected; to take a different direction or tendency; to be directed otherwise; to be differently applied; to be transferred; as, to turn from the road.
Turn	To be changed, altered, or transformed; to become transmuted; also, to become by a change or changes; to grow; as, wood turns to stone; water turns to ice; one color turns to another; to turn Mohammedan.
Turn	To undergo the process of turning on a lathe; as, ivory turns well.
Turn	To become acid; to sour; -- said of milk, ale, etc.
Turn	To become giddy; -- said of the head or brain.
Turn	To be nauseated; -- said of the stomach.
Turn	To become inclined in the other direction; -- said of scales.
Turn	To change from ebb to flow, or from flow to ebb; -- said of the tide.
Turn	To bring down the feet of a child in the womb, in order to facilitate delivery.
Turn	To invert a type of the same thickness, as temporary substitute for any sort which is exhausted.
Turn	The act of turning; movement or motion about, or as if about, a center or axis; revolution; as, the turn of a wheel.
Turn	Change of direction, course, or tendency; different order, position, or aspect of affairs; alteration; vicissitude; as, the turn of the tide.
Turn	One of the successive portions of a course, or of a series of occurrences, reckoning from change to change; hence, a winding; a bend; a meander.
Turn	A circuitous walk, or a walk to and fro, ending where it began; a short walk; a stroll.
Turn	Successive course; opportunity enjoyed by alternation with another or with others, or in due order; due chance; alternate or incidental occasion; appropriate time.
Turn	Incidental or opportune deed or office; occasional act of kindness or malice; as, to do one an ill turn.
Turn	Convenience; occasion; purpose; exigence; as, this will not serve his turn.
Turn	Form; cast; shape; manner; fashion; -- used in a literal or figurative sense; hence, form of expression; mode of signifying; as, the turn of thought; a man of a sprightly turn in conversation.
Turn	A change of condition; especially, a sudden or recurring symptom of illness, as a nervous shock, or fainting spell; as, a bad turn.
Turn	A fall off the ladder at the gallows; a hanging; -- so called from the practice of causing the criminal to stand on a ladder which was turned over, so throwing him off, when the signal was given.
Turn	A round of a rope or cord in order to secure it, as about a pin or a cleat.
Turn	A pit sunk in some part of a drift.
Turn	A court of record, held by the sheriff twice a year in every hundred within his county.
Turn	Monthly courses; menses.
Turn	An embellishment or grace (marked thus, /), commonly consisting of the principal note, or that on which the turn is made, with the note above, and the semitone below, the note above being sounded first, the principal note next, and the semitone below last, the three being performed quickly, as a triplet preceding the marked note. The turn may be inverted so as to begin with the lower note, in which case the sign is either placed on end thus /, or drawn thus /.
Turnbroach	A turnspit.
Turn-buckle	A loop or sleeve with a screw thread at one end and a swivel at the other, -- used for tightening a rod, stay, etc.
Turn-buckle	A gravitating catch, as for fastening a shutter, the end of a chain, or a hasp.
Turnbull's blue	The double cyanide of ferrous and ferric iron, a dark blue amorphous substance having a coppery luster, used in dyeing, calico printing, etc.  Cf. Prussian blue, under Prussian.
Turncoat	One who forsakes his party or his principles; a renegade; an apostate.
Turnep	See Turnip.
Turner	One who turns; especially, one whose occupation is to form articles with a lathe.
Turner	A variety of pigeon; a tumbler.
Turner	A person who practices athletic or gymnastic exercises.
Turnerite	A variety of monazite.
Turnery	The art of fashioning solid bodies into cylindrical or other forms by means of a lathe.
Turnery	Things or forms made by a turner, or in the lathe.
Turney	Tourney.
Turnhalle	A building used as a school of gymnastics.
Turnicimorphae	A division of birds including Turnix and allied genera, resembling quails in appearance but differing from them anatomically.
Turning	The act of one who, or that which, turns; also, a winding; a bending course; a fiexure; a meander.
Turning	The place of a turn; an angle or corner, as of a road.
Turning	Deviation from the way or proper course.
Turning	Turnery, or the shaping of solid substances into various by means of a lathe and cutting tools.
Turning	The pieces, or chips, detached in the process of turning from the material turned.
Turning	A maneuver by which an enemy or a position is turned.
Turningness	The quality of turning; instability; tergiversation.
Turnip	The edible, fleshy, roundish, or somewhat conical, root of a cruciferous plant (Brassica campestris, var. Napus); also, the plant itself.
Turnip-shell	Any one of several large, thick, spiral marine shells belonging to Rapa and allied genera, somewhat turnip-shaped.
Turnix	Any one of numerous species of birds belonging to Turnix or Hemipodius and allied genera of the family Turnicidae. These birds resemble quails and partridges in general appearance and in some of their habits, but differ in important anatomical characteristics. The hind toe is usually lacking. They are found in Asia, Africa, Southern Europe, the East Indian Islands, and esp. in Australia and adjacent islands, where they are called quails (see Quail, n., 3.). See Turnicimorphae.
Turnkeys	of Turnkey
Turnkey	A person who has charge of the keys of a prison, for opening and fastening the doors; a warder.
Turnkey	An instrument with a hinged claw, -- used for extracting teeth with a twist.
Turn-outs	of Turn-out
Turn-out	The act of coming forth; a leaving of houses, shops, etc.; esp., a quitting of employment for the purpose of forcing increase of wages; a strike; -- opposed to lockout.
Turn-out	A short side track on a railroad, which may be occupied by one train while another is passing on a main track; a shunt; a siding; a switch.
Turn-out	That which is prominently brought forward or exhibited; hence, an equipage; as, a man with a showy carriage and horses is said to have a fine turn-out.
Turn-out	The aggregate number of persons who have come out, as from their houses, for a special purpose.
Turn-out	Net quantity of produce yielded.
Turnover	The act or result of turning over; an upset; as, a bad turnover in a carriage.
Turnover	A semicircular pie or tart made by turning one half of a circular crust over the other, inclosing the fruit or other materials.
Turnover	An apprentice, in any trade, who is handed over from one master to another to complete his time.
Turnover	Admitting of being turned over; made to be turned over; as, a turnover collar, etc.
Turnpike	A frame consisting of two bars crossing each other at right angles and turning on a post or pin, to hinder the passage of beasts, but admitting a person to pass between the arms; a turnstile. See Turnstile, 1.
Turnpike	A gate or bar set across a road to stop carriages, animals, and sometimes people, till toll is paid for keeping the road in repair; a tollgate.
Turnpike	A turnpike road.
Turnpike	A winding stairway.
Turnpike	A beam filled with spikes to obstruct passage; a cheval-de-frise.
Turnpiked	of Turnpike
Turnpiking	of Turnpike
Turnpike	To form, as a road, in the manner of a turnpike road; into a rounded form, as the path of a road.
Turnplate	A turntable.
Turn-sick	Giddy.
Turn-sick	A disease with which sheep are sometimes affected; gid; sturdy. See Gid.
Turnsole	A plant of the genus Heliotropium; heliotrope; -- so named because its flowers are supposed to turn toward the sun.
Turnsole	The sunflower.
Turnsole	A kind of spurge (Euphorbia Helioscopia).
Turnsole	The euphorbiaceous plant Chrozophora tinctoria.
Turnsole	Litmus.
Turnsole	A purple dye obtained from the plant turnsole. See def. 1 (d).
Turnspit	One who turns a spit; hence, a person engaged in some menial office.
Turnspit	A small breed of dogs having a long body and short crooked legs. These dogs were formerly much used for turning a spit on which meat was roasting.
Turnstile	A revolving frame in a footpath, preventing the passage of horses or cattle, but admitting that of persons; a turnpike. See Turnpike, n., 1.
Turnstile	A similar arrangement for registering the number of persons passing through a gateway, doorway, or the like.
Turnstone	Any species of limicoline birds of the genera Strepsilas and Arenaria, allied to the plovers, especially the common American and European species (Strepsilas interpres). They are so called from their habit of turning up small stones in search of mollusks and other aquatic animals. Called also brant bird, sand runner, sea quail, sea lark, sparkback, and skirlcrake.
Turntable	A large revolving platform, for turning railroad cars, locomotives, etc., in a different direction; -- called also turnplate.
Turnus	A common, large, handsome, American swallowtail butterfly, now regarded as one of the forms of Papilio, / Jasoniades, glaucus. The wings are yellow, margined and barred with black, and with an orange-red spot near the posterior angle of the hind wings. Called also tiger swallowtail. See Illust. under Swallowtail.
Turnverein	A company or association of gymnasts and athletes.
Turnwrest	Designating a cumbersome style of plow used in England, esp. in Kent.
Turnwrest	designating a kind of hillside plow.
Turonian	One of the subdivisions into which the Upper Cretaceous formation of Europe is divided.
Turpentine	A semifluid or fluid oleoresin, primarily the exudation of the terebinth, or turpentine, tree (Pistacia Terebinthus), a native of the Mediterranean region. It is also obtained from many coniferous trees, especially species of pine, larch, and fir.
Turpeth	The root of Ipom/a Turpethum, a plant of Ceylon, Malabar, and Australia, formerly used in medicine as a purgative; -- sometimes called vegetable turpeth.
Turpeth	A heavy yellow powder, Hg3O2SO4, which consists of a basic mercuric sulphate; -- called also turpeth mineral.
Turpin	A land tortoise.
Turpitude	Inherent baseness or vileness of principle, words, or actions; shameful wickedness; depravity.
Turquoise	Alt. of Turquois
Turquois	A hydrous phosphate of alumina containing a little copper; calaite. It has a blue, or bluish green, color, and usually occurs in reniform masses with a botryoidal surface.
Turquoise	Having a fine light blue color, like that of choice mineral turquoise.
Turrel	A certain tool used by coopers.
Turret	A little tower, frequently a merely ornamental structure at one of the angles of a larger structure.
Turret	A movable building, of a square form, consisting of ten or even twenty stories and sometimes one hundred and twenty cubits high, usually moved on wheels, and employed in approaching a fortified place, for carrying soldiers, engines, ladders, casting bridges, and other necessaries.
Turret	A revolving tower constructed of thick iron plates, within which cannon are mounted. Turrets are used on vessels of war and on land.
Turret	The elevated central portion of the roof of a passenger car. Its sides are pierced for light and ventilation.
Turreted	Furnished with a turret or turrets; specifically (Zool.), having the whorls somewhat flattened on the upper side and often ornamented by spines or tubercles; -- said of certain spiral shells.
Turreted	Formed like a tower; as, a turreted lamp.
Turribant	A turban.
Turrical	Of or pertaining to a turret, or tower; resembling a tower.
Turriculate	Alt. of Turriculated
Turriculated	Furnished with, or formed like, a small turret or turrets; somewhat turreted.
Turrilite	Any fossil ammonite of the genus Turrilites. The shell forms an open spiral with the later whorls separate.
Turritella	Any spiral marine gastropod belonging to Turritella and allied genera. These mollusks have an elongated, turreted shell, composed of many whorls. They have a rounded aperture, and a horny multispiral operculum.
Turritelloid	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, the turritellas.
Turtle	The turtledove.
Turtle	Any one of the numerous species of Testudinata, especially a sea turtle, or chelonian.
Turtle	The curved plate in which the form is held in a type-revolving cylinder press.
Turtledove	Any one of numerous species of pigeons belonging to Turtur and allied genera, native of various parts of the Old World; especially, the common European species (Turtur vulgaris), which is noted for its plaintive note, affectionate disposition, and devotion to its mate.
Turtledove	Any one of several species of pigeons more or less resembling the true turtledoves, as the American mourning dove (see under Dove), and the Australian turtledove (Stictopelia cuneata).
Turtle-footed	Slow-footed.
Turtlehead	An American perennial herb (Chelone glabra) having white flowers shaped like the head of a turtle. Called also snakehead, shell flower, and balmony.
Turtler	One who catches turtles or tortoises.
Turtle-shell	The turtle cowrie.
Turtling	The act, practice, or art of catching turtles.
Turves	pl. of Turf.
Tuscan	Of or pertaining to Tuscany in Italy; -- specifically designating one of the five orders of architecture recognized and described by the Italian writers of the 16th century, or characteristic of the order. The original of this order was not used by the Greeks, but by the Romans under the Empire. See Order, and Illust. of Capital.
Tuscan	A native or inhabitant of Tuscany.
Tuscaroras	A tribe of North American Indians formerly living on the Neuse and Tar rivers in North Carolina. They were conquered in 1713, after which the remnant of the tribe joined the Five Nations, thus forming the Six Nations. See Six Nations, under Six.
Tuscor	A tush of a horse.
Tush	An exclamation indicating check, rebuke, or contempt; as, tush, tush! do not speak of it.
Tush	A long, pointed tooth; a tusk; -- applied especially to certain teeth of horses.
Tusk	Same as Torsk.
Tusk	One of the elongated incisor or canine teeth of the wild boar, elephant, etc.; hence, any long, protruding tooth.
Tusk	A toothshell, or Dentalium; -- called also tusk-shell.
Tusk	A projecting member like a tenon, and serving the same or a similar purpose, but composed of several steps, or offsets. Thus, in the illustration, a is the tusk, and each of the several parts, or offsets, is called a tooth.
Tusk	To bare or gnash the teeth.
Tusked	Furnished with tusks.
Tusker	An elephant having large tusks.
Tusk-shell	See 2d Tusk, n., 2.
Tusky	Having tusks.
Tussac grass	Tussock grass.
Tussah silk	A silk cloth made from the cocoons of a caterpillar other than the common silkworm, much used in Bengal and China.
Tussah silk	The silk fiber itself.
Tussicular	Of or pertaining to a cough.
Tussle	To struggle, as in sport; to scuffle; to struggle with.
Tussle	A struggle; a scuffle.
Tussock	A tuft, as of grass, twigs, hair, or the like; especially, a dense tuft or bunch of grass or sedge.
Tussock	Same as Tussock grass, below.
Tussock	A caterpillar of any one of numerous species of bombycid moths. The body of these caterpillars is covered with hairs which form long tufts or brushes. Some species are very injurious to shade and fruit trees. Called also tussock caterpillar. See Orgyia.
Tussocky	Having the form of tussocks; full of, or covered with, tussocks, or tufts.
Tussuck	See Tussock.
Tut	Be still; hush; -- an exclamation used for checking or rebuking.
Tut	An imperial ensign consisting of a golden globe with a cross on it.
Tut	A hassock.
Tutelage	The act of guarding or protecting; guardianship; protection; as, the king's right of seigniory and tutelage.
Tutelage	The state of being under a guardian; care or protection enjoyed.
Tutelar	Alt. of Tutelary
Tutelary	Having the guardianship or charge of protecting a person or a thing; guardian; protecting; as, tutelary goddesses.
Tutele	Tutelage.
Tutenag	Crude zinc.
Tutenag	Packfong.
Tut-mouthed	Having a projecting under jaw; prognathous.
Tut-nose	A snub nose.
Tutor	One who guards, protects, watches over, or has the care of, some person or thing.
Tutor	A treasurer; a keeper.
Tutor	One who has the charge of a child or pupil and his estate; a guardian.
Tutor	A private or public teacher.
Tutor	An officer or member of some hall, who instructs students, and is responsible for their discipline.
Tutor	An instructor of a lower rank than a professor.
Tutored	of Tutor
Tutoring	of Tutor
Tutor	To have the guardianship or care of; to teach; to instruct.
Tutor	To play the tutor toward; to treat with authority or severity.
Tutorage	The office or occupation of a tutor; tutorship; guardianship.
Tutoress	A woman who performs the duties of a tutor; an instructress.
Tutorial	Of or pertaining to a tutor; belonging to, or exercised by, a tutor.
Tutorism	Tutorship.
Tutorize	To teach; to instruct.
Tutorship	The office, duty, or care of a tutor; guardianship; tutelage.
Tutory	Tutorage.
Tutress	Tutoress.
Tutrix	A female guardian; a tutoress.
Tutsan	A plant of the genus Hypericum (H. Androsoemum), from which a healing ointment is prepared in Spain; -- called also parkleaves.
Tutti	All; -- a direction for all the singers or players to perform together.
Tutty	A yellow or brown amorphous substance obtained as a sublimation product in the flues of smelting furnaces of zinc, and consisting of a crude zinc oxide.
Tut-work	Work done by the piece, as in nonmetaliferous rock, the amount done being usually reckoned by the fathom.
Tut-workmen	of Tut-workman
Tut-workman	One who does tut-work.
Tu-whit	Alt. of Tu-whoo
Tu-whoo	Words imitative of the notes of the owl.
Tuyere	A nozzle, mouthpiece, or fixture through which the blast is delivered to the interior of a blast furnace, or to the fire of a forge.
Tuz	A lock or tuft of hair.
Tuza	The tucan.
Twaddle	To talk in a weak and silly manner, like one whose faculties are decayed; to prate; to prattle.
Twaddle	Silly talk; gabble; fustian.
Twaddler	One who prates in a weak and silly manner, like one whose faculties are decayed.
Twaddling	a. & n. from Twaddle, v.
Twaddy	Idle trifling; twaddle.
Twagger	A lamb.
Twain	Two; -- nearly obsolete in common discourse, but used in poetry and burlesque.
Twaite	A European shad; -- called also twaite shad. See Shad.
Twaite	A piece of cleared ground. See Thwaite.
Twang	A tang. See Tang a state.
Twanged	of Twang
Twanging	of Twang
Twang	To sound with a quick, harsh noise; to make the sound of a tense string pulled and suddenly let go; as, the bowstring twanged.
Twang	To make to sound, as by pulling a tense string and letting it go suddenly.
Twang	A harsh, quick sound, like that made by a stretched string when pulled and suddenly let go; as, the twang of a bowstring.
Twang	An affected modulation of the voice; a kind of nasal sound.
Twangle	To twang.
Twank	To cause to make a sharp twanging sound; to twang, or twangle.
Twankay	See Note under Tea, n., 1.
'T was	A contraction of it was.
Twattle	To prate; to talk much and idly; to gabble; to chatter; to twaddle; as, a twattling gossip.
Twattle	To make much of, as a domestic animal; to pet.
Twattle	Act of prating; idle talk; twaddle.
Twattler	One who twattles; a twaddler.
Tway	Two; twain.
Twayblade	Any one of several orchidaceous plants which have only two leaves, as the species of Listera and of Liparis.
Tweag	To tweak.
Tweag	Alt. of Tweague
Tweague	A pinching condition; perplexity; trouble; distress.
Tweak	To pinch and pull with a sudden jerk and twist; to twitch; as, to tweak the nose.
Tweak	A sharp pinch or jerk; a twist or twitch; as, a tweak of the nose.
Tweak	Trouble; distress; tweag.
Tweak	A prostitute.
Tweed	A soft and flexible fabric for men's wear, made wholly of wool except in some inferior kinds, the wool being dyed, usually in two colors, before weaving.
Tweedle	To handle lightly; -- said with reference to awkward fiddling; hence, to influence as if by fiddling; to coax; to allure.
Tweedle	To twist.
Tweel	See Twill.
Tweer	Same as Tuyere.
Tweese	Alt. of Tweeze
Tweeze	A surgeon's case of instruments.
Tweezers	Small pinchers used to pluck out hairs, and for other purposes.
Twelfth	Next in order after the eleventh; coming after eleven others; -- the ordinal of twelve.
Twelfth	Consisting, or being one of, twelve equal parts into which anything is divided.
Twelfth	The quotient of a unit divided by twelve; one of twelve equal parts of one whole.
Twelfth	The next in order after the eleventh.
Twelfth	An interval comprising an octave and a fifth.
Twelfth-cake	An ornamented cake distributed among friends or visitors on the festival of Twelfth-night.
Twelfth-day	See Twelfthtide.
Twelfth-night	The evening of Epiphany, or the twelfth day after Christmas, observed as a festival by various churches.
Twelfth-second	A unit for the measurement of small intervals of time, such that 1012 (ten trillion) of these units make one second.
Twelfthtide	The twelfth day after Christmas; Epiphany; -- called also Twelfth-day.
Twelve	One more that eleven; two and ten; twice six; a dozen.
Twelve	The number next following eleven; the sum of ten and two, or of twice six; twelve units or objects; a dozen.
Twelve	A symbol representing twelve units, as 12, or xii.
Twelvemo	See Duodecimo.
Twelvemonth	A year which consists of twelve calendar months.
Twelvepence	A shilling sterling, being about twenty-four cents.
Twelvepenny	Sold for a shilling; worth or costing a shilling.
Twelvescore	Twelve times twenty; two hundred and forty.
Twentieth	Next in order after the nineteenth; tenth after the tenth; coming after nineteen others; -- the ordinal of twenty.
Twentieth	Consisting, or being, one of twenty equal parts into which anything is divided.
Twentieth	The next in order after the nineteen; one coming after nineteen others.
Twentieth	The quotient of a unit divided by twenty; one of twenty equal parts of one whole.
Twenty	One more that nineteen; twice; as, twenty men.
Twenty	An indefinite number more or less that twenty.
Twenties	of Twenty
Twenty	The number next following nineteen; the sum of twelve and eight, or twice ten; twenty units or objects; a score.
Twenty	A symbol representing twenty units, as 20, or xx.
Twentyfold	Twenty times as many.
Twenty-fourmo	Having twenty-four leaves to a sheet; as, a twenty-fourmo form, book, leaf, size, etc.
Twenty-fourmo	A book composed of sheets, each of which is folded into twenty-four leaves; hence, indicating more or less definitely a size of book whose sheets are so folded; -- usually written 24mo, or 24¡.
Twey	Two.
Tweyfold	Twofold.
Twibil	A kind of mattock, or ax; esp., a tool like a pickax, but having, instead of the points, flat terminations, one of which is parallel to the handle, the other perpendicular to it.
Twibil	A tool for making mortises.
Twibil	A reaping hook.
Twibilled	Armed or provided with a twibil or twibils.
Twice	Two times; once and again.
Twice	Doubly; in twofold quantity or degree; as, twice the sum; he is twice as fortunate as his neighbor.
Twiddle	To touch lightly, or play with; to tweedle; to twirl; as, to twiddle one's thumbs; to twiddle a watch key.
Twiddle	To play with anything; hence, to be busy about trifles.
Twiddle	A slight twist with the fingers.
Twiddle	A pimple.
Twifallowed	of Twifallow
Twifallowing	of Twifallow
Twifallow	To plow, or fallow, a second time (land that has been once fallowed).
Twifold	Twofold; double.
Twigged	of Twig
Twigging	of Twig
Twig	To twitch; to pull; to tweak.
Twig	To understand the meaning of; to comprehend; as, do you twig me?
Twig	To observe slyly; also, to perceive; to discover.
Twig	A small shoot or branch of a tree or other plant, of no definite length or size.
Twig	To beat with twigs.
Twiggen	Made of twigs; wicker.
Twigger	A fornicator.
Twiggy	Of or pertaining to a twig or twigs; like a twig or twigs; full of twigs; abounding with shoots.
Twight	To twit.
Twight	p. p. of Twitch.
Twighte	imp. of Twitch.
Twigless	Having no twigs.
Twigsome	Full of, or abounding in, twigs; twiggy.
Twilight	The light perceived before the rising, and after the setting, of the sun, or when the sun is less than 18¡ below the horizon, occasioned by the illumination of the earth's atmosphere by the direct rays of the sun and their reflection on the earth.
Twilight	faint light; a dubious or uncertain medium through which anything is viewed.
Twilight	Seen or done by twilight.
Twilight	Imperfectly illuminated; shaded; obscure.
Twilled	of Twill
Twilling	of Twill
Twill	To weave, as cloth, so as to produce the appearance of diagonal lines or ribs on the surface.
Twill	An appearance of diagonal lines or ribs produced in textile fabrics by causing the weft threads to pass over one and under two, or over one and under three or more, warp threads, instead of over one and under the next in regular succession, as in plain weaving.
Twill	A fabric women with a twill.
Twill	A quill, or spool, for yarn.
Twilly	A machine for cleansing or loosening wool by the action of a revolving cylinder covered with long iron spikes or teeth; a willy or willying machine; -- called also twilly devil, and devil. See Devil, n., 6, and Willy.
Twilt	A quilt.
Twin	Being one of two born at a birth; as, a twin brother or sister.
Twin	Being one of a pair much resembling one another; standing the relation of a twin to something else; -- often followed by to or with.
Twin	Double; consisting of two similar and corresponding parts.
Twin	Composed of parts united according to some definite law of twinning. See Twin, n., 4.
Twin	One of two produced at a birth, especially by an animal that ordinarily brings forth but one at a birth; -- used chiefly in the plural, and applied to the young of beasts as well as to human young.
Twin	A sign and constellation of the zodiac; Gemini. See Gemini.
Twin	A person or thing that closely resembles another.
Twin	A compound crystal composed of two or more crystals, or parts of crystals, in reversed position with reference to each other.
Twinned	of Twin
Twinning	of Twin
Twin	To bring forth twins.
Twin	To be born at the same birth.
Twin	To cause to be twins, or like twins in any way.
Twin	To separate into two parts; to part; to divide; hence, to remove; also, to strip; to rob.
Twin	To depart from a place or thing.
Twinborn	Born at the same birth.
Twine	A twist; a convolution.
Twine	A strong thread composed of two or three smaller threads or strands twisted together, and used for various purposes, as for binding small parcels, making nets, and the like; a small cord or string.
Twine	The act of twining or winding round.
Twined	of Twine
Twining	of Twine
Twine	To twist together; to form by twisting or winding of threads; to wreathe; as, fine twined linen.
Twine	To wind, as one thread around another, or as any flexible substance around another body.
Twine	To wind about; to embrace; to entwine.
Twine	To change the direction of.
Twine	To mingle; to mix.
Twine	To mutually twist together; to become mutually involved.
Twine	To wind; to bend; to make turns; to meander.
Twine	To turn round; to revolve.
Twine	To ascend in spiral lines about a support; to climb spirally; as, many plants twine.
Twiner	Any plant which twines about a support.
Twinged	of Twinge
Twinging	of Twinge
Twinge	To pull with a twitch; to pinch; to tweak.
Twinge	To affect with a sharp, sudden pain; to torment with pinching or sharp pains.
Twinge	To have a sudden, sharp, local pain, like a twitch; to suffer a keen, darting, or shooting pain; as, the side twinges.
Twinge	A pinch; a tweak; a twitch.
Twinge	A sudden sharp pain; a darting local pain of momentary continuance; as, a twinge in the arm or side.
Twining	Winding around something; twisting; embracing; climbing by winding about a support; as, the hop is a twinning plant.
Twining	The act of one who, or that which, twines; (Bot.) the act of climbing spirally.
Twink	To twinkle.
Twink	A wink; a twinkling.
Twink	The chaffinch.
Twinkled	of Twinkle
Twinkling	of Twinkle
Twinkle	To open and shut the eye rapidly; to blink; to wink.
Twinkle	To shine with an intermitted or a broken, quavering light; to flash at intervals; to sparkle; to scintillate.
Twinkle	A closing or opening, or a quick motion, of the eye; a wink or sparkle of the eye.
Twinkle	A brief flash or gleam, esp. when rapidly repeated.
Twinkle	The time of a wink; a twinkling.
Twinkler	One who, or that which, twinkles, or winks; a winker; an eye.
Twinkling	The act of one who, or of that which, twinkles; a quick movement of the eye; a wink; a twinkle.
Twinkling	A shining with intermitted light; a scintillation; a sparkling; as, the twinkling of the stars.
Twinkling	The time of a wink; a moment; an instant.
Twinleaf	See Jeffersonia.
Twinlike	Closely resembling; being a counterpart.
Twinling	A young or little twin, especially a twin lamb.
Twinned	Composed of parts united according to a law of twinning. See Twin, n., 4.
Twinner	One who gives birth to twins; a breeder of twins.
Twinning	The assemblage of two or more crystals, or parts of crystals, in reversed position with reference to each other in accordance with some definite law; also, rarely, in artificial twinning (accomplished for example by pressure), the process by which this reversal is brought about.
Twinter	A domestic animal two winters old.
Twire	A twisted filament; a thread.
Twire	To peep; to glance obliquely; to leer.
Twire	To twinkle; to glance; to gleam.
Twire	To sing, or twitter.
Twire-pipe	A vagabond musician.
Twirled	of Twirl
Twirling	of Twirl
Twirl	To move or turn round rapidly; to whirl round; to move and turn rapidly with the fingers.
Twirl	To revolve with velocity; to be whirled round rapidly.
Twirl	The act of twirling; a rapid circular motion; a whirl or whirling; quick rotation.
Twirl	A twist; a convolution.
Twisted	of Twist
Twisting	of Twist
Twist	To contort; to writhe; to complicate; to crook spirally; to convolve.
Twist	Hence, to turn from the true form or meaning; to pervert; as, to twist a passage cited from an author.
Twist	To distort, as a solid body, by turning one part relatively to another about an axis passing through both; to subject to torsion; as, to twist a shaft.
Twist	To wreathe; to wind; to encircle; to unite by intertexture of parts.
Twist	To wind into; to insinuate; -- used reflexively; as, avarice twists itself into all human concerns.
Twist	To unite by winding one thread, strand, or other flexible substance, round another; to form by convolution, or winding separate things round each other; as, to twist yarn or thread.
Twist	Hence, to form as if by winding one part around another; to wreathe; to make up.
Twist	To form into a thread from many fine filaments; as, to twist wool or cotton.
Twist	To be contorted; to writhe; to be distorted by torsion; to be united by winding round each other; to be or become twisted; as, some strands will twist more easily than others.
Twist	To follow a helical or spiral course; to be in the form of a helix.
Twist	The act of twisting; a contortion; a flexure; a convolution; a bending.
Twist	The form given in twisting.
Twist	That which is formed by twisting, convoluting, or uniting parts.
Twist	A cord, thread, or anything flexible, formed by winding strands or separate things round each other.
Twist	A kind of closely twisted, strong sewing silk, used by tailors, saddlers, and the like.
Twist	A kind of cotton yarn, of several varieties.
Twist	A roll of twisted dough, baked.
Twist	A little twisted roll of tobacco.
Twist	One of the threads of a warp, -- usually more tightly twisted than the filling.
Twist	A material for gun barrels, consisting of iron and steel twisted and welded together; as, Damascus twist.
Twist	The spiral course of the rifling of a gun barrel or a cannon.
Twist	A beverage made of brandy and gin.
Twist	A twig.
Twiste	imp. of Twist.
Twisted	Contorted; crooked spirally; subjected to torsion; hence, perverted.
Twister	One who twists; specifically, the person whose occupation is to twist or join the threads of one warp to those of another, in weaving.
Twister	The instrument used in twisting, or making twists.
Twister	A girder.
Twister	The inner part of the thigh, the proper place to rest upon when on horseback.
Twistical	Crooked; tortuous; hence, perverse; unfair; dishonest.
Twisting	a. & n. from Twist.
Twitted	of Twit
Twitting	of Twit
Twit	To vex by bringing to notice, or reminding of, a fault, defect, misfortune, or the like; to revile; to reproach; to upbraid; to taunt; as, he twitted his friend of falsehood.
Twitched	of Twitch
Twitching	of Twitch
Twitch	To pull with a sudden jerk; to pluck with a short, quick motion; to snatch; as, to twitch one by the sleeve; to twitch a thing out of another's hand; to twitch off clusters of grapes.
Twitch	The act of twitching; a pull with a jerk; a short, sudden, quick pull; as, a twitch by the sleeve.
Twitch	A short, spastic contraction of the fibers or muscles; a simple muscular contraction; as, convulsive twitches; a twitch in the side.
Twitch	A stick with a hole in one end through which passes a loop, which can be drawn tightly over the upper lip or an ear of a horse. By twisting the stick the compression is made sufficiently painful to keep the animal quiet during a slight surgical operation.
Twitcher	One who, or that which, twitches.
Twitch grass	See Quitch grass.
Twite	The European tree sparrow.
Twite	The mountain linnet (Linota flavirostris).
Twitlark	The meadow pipit.
Twitter	One who twits, or reproaches; an upbraider.
Twittered	of Twitter
Twittering	of Twitter
Twitter	To make a succession of small, tremulous, intermitted noises.
Twitter	To make the sound of a half-suppressed laugh; to titter; to giggle.
Twitter	To have a slight trembling of the nerves; to be excited or agitated.
Twitter	To utter with a twitter.
Twitter	The act of twittering; a small, tremulous, intermitted noise, as that made by a swallow.
Twitter	A half-suppressed laugh; a fit of laughter partially restrained; a titter; a giggle.
Twitter	A slight trembling or agitation of the nerves.
Twittering	The act of one who, or that which, twitters.
Twittering	A slight nervous excitement or agitation, such as is caused by desire, expectation, or suspense.
Twittingly	In a twitting manner; with upbraiding.
Twittle-twattle	Tattle; gabble.
'Twixt	An abbreviation of Betwixt, used in poetry, or in colloquial language.
'Twixt-brain	The thalamen/cephalon.
Two	One and one; twice one.
Two	The sum of one and one; the number next greater than one, and next less than three; two units or objects.
Two	A symbol representing two units, as 2, II., or ii.
Two-capsuled	Having two distinct capsules; bicapsular.
Two-cleft	Divided about half way from the border to the base into two segments; bifid.
Two-decker	A vessel of war carrying guns on two decks.
Two-edged	Having two edges, or edges on both sides; as, a two-edged sword.
Twofold	Double; duplicate; multiplied by two; as, a twofold nature; a twofold sense; a twofold argument.
Twofold	In a double degree; doubly.
Two-foot	Measuring two feet; two feet long, thick, or wide; as, a two-foot rule.
Two-forked	Divided into two parts, somewhat after the manner of a fork; dichotomous.
Two-hand	Employing two hands; as, the two-hand alphabet. See Dactylology.
Two-handed	Having two hands; -- often used as an epithet equivalent to large, stout, strong, or powerful.
Two-handed	Used with both hands; as, a two-handed sword.
Two-handed	Using either hand equally well; ambidextrous.
Two-lipped	Having two lips.
Two-lipped	Divided in such a manner as to resemble the two lips when the mouth is more or less open; bilabiate.
Two-parted	Divided from the border to the base into two distinct parts; bipartite.
Twopence	A small coin, and money of account, in England, equivalent to two pennies, -- minted to a fixed annual amount, for almsgiving by the sovereign on Maundy Thursday.
Twopenny	Of the value of twopence.
Two-ply	Consisting of two thicknesses, as cloth; double.
Two-ply	Woven double, as cloth or carpeting, by incorporating two sets of warp thread and two of weft.
Two-ranked	Alternately disposed on exactly opposite sides of the stem so as to from two ranks; distichous.
Two-sided	Having two sides only; hence, double-faced; hypocritical.
Two-sided	Symmetrical.
Two-tongued	Double-tongued; deceitful.
Twyblade	See Twayblade.
Ty-all	Something serving to tie or secure.
Tyburn ticket	A certificate given to one who prosecutes a felon to conviction, exempting him from certain parish and ward offices.
Tychonic	Of or pertaining to Tycho Brahe, or his system of astronomy.
Tycoon	The title by which the shogun, or former commander in chief of the Japanese army, was known to foreigners.
Tydy	Same as Tidy.
Tye	A knot; a tie.
Tye	A chain or rope, one end of which passes through the mast, and is made fast to the center of a yard; the other end is attached to a tackle, by means of which the yard is hoisted or lowered.
Tye	A trough for washing ores.
Tye	See Tie, the proper orthography.
Tyer	One who ties, or unites.
Tyfoon	See Typhoon.
Tyger	A tiger.
Tying	p. pr. of Tie.
Tying	The act or process of washing ores in a buddle.
Tyke	See 2d Tike.
Tylari	of Tylarus
Tylarus	One of the pads on the under surface of the toes of birds.
Tyler	See 2d Tiler.
Tylopoda	A tribe of ungulates comprising the camels.
Tyloses	of Tylosis
Tylosis	An intrusion of one vegetable cell into the cavity of another, sometimes forming there an irregular mass of cells.
Tymbal	A kind of kettledrum.
Tymp	A hollow water-cooled iron casting in the upper part of the archway in which the dam stands.
Tympan	A drum.
Tympan	A panel; a tympanum.
Tympan	A frame covered with parchment or cloth, on which the blank sheets are put, in order to be laid on the form to be impressed.
Tympanal	Tympanic.
Tympanic	Like a tympanum or drum; acting like a drumhead; as, a tympanic membrane.
Tympanic	Of or pertaining to the tympanum.
Tympanic	The tympanic bone.
Tympanist	One who beats a drum.
Tympanites	A flatulent distention of the belly; tympany.
Tympanitic	Of, pertaining to, or affected with, tympanites.
Tympanitis	Inflammation of the lining membrane of the middle ear.
Tympanize	To drum.
Tympanized	of Tympanize
Tympanizing	of Tympanize
Tympanize	To stretch, as a skin over the head of a drum; to make into a drum or drumhead, or cause to act or sound like a drum.
Tympani	of Tympano
Tympano	A kettledrum; -- chiefly used in the plural to denote the kettledrums of an orchestra. See Kettledrum.
Tympano-	A combining form used in anatomy to indicate connection with, or relation to, the tympanum; as in tympanohyal, tympano-Eustachian.
Tympanohyal	Of or pertaining to the tympanum and the hyoidean arch.
Tympanohyal	The proximal segment in the hyoidean arch, becoming a part of the styloid process of the temporal bone in adult man.
Tympanums	of Tympanum
Tympana	of Tympanum
Tympanum	The ear drum, or middle ear. Sometimes applied incorrectly to the tympanic membrane. See Ear.
Tympanum	A chamber in the anterior part of the syrinx of birds.
Tympanum	One of the naked, inflatable air sacs on the neck of the prairie chicken and other species of grouse.
Tympanum	The recessed face of a pediment within the frame made by the upper and lower cornices, being usually a triangular space or table.
Tympanum	The space within an arch, and above a lintel or a subordinate arch, spanning the opening below the arch.
Tympanum	A drum-shaped wheel with spirally curved partitions by which water is raised to the axis when the wheel revolves with the lower part of the circumference submerged, -- used for raising water, as for irrigation.
Tympany	A flatulent distention of the belly; tympanites.
Tympany	Hence, inflation; conceit; bombast; turgidness.
Tynd	To shut; to close.
Tyne	To lose.
Tyne	To become lost; to perish.
Tyne	A prong or point of an antler.
Tyne	Anxiety; tine.
Tyny	Small; tiny.
Typal	Relating to a type or types; belonging to types; serving as a type; typical.
-type	A combining form signifying impressed form; stamp; print; type; typical form; representative; as in stereotype phototype, ferrotype, monotype.
Type	The mark or impression of something; stamp; impressed sign; emblem.
Type	Form or character impressed; style; semblance.
Type	A figure or representation of something to come; a token; a sign; a symbol; -- correlative to antitype.
Type	That which possesses or exemplifies characteristic qualities; the representative.
Type	A general form or structure common to a number of individuals; hence, the ideal representation of a species, genus, or other group, combining the essential characteristics; an animal or plant possessing or exemplifying the essential characteristics of a species, genus, or other group.  Also, a group or division of animals having a certain typical or characteristic structure of body maintained within the group.
Type	The original object, or class of objects, scene, face, or conception, which becomes the subject of a copy; esp., the design on the face of a medal or a coin.
Type	A simple compound, used as a mode or pattern to which other compounds are conveniently regarded as being related, and from which they may be actually or theoretically derived.
Type	A raised letter, figure, accent, or other character, cast in metal or cut in wood, used in printing.
Type	Such letters or characters, in general, or the whole quantity of them used in printing, spoken of collectively; any number or mass of such letters or characters, however disposed.
Typed	of Type
Typing	of Type
Type	To represent by a type, model, or symbol beforehand; to prefigure.
Type	To furnish an expression or copy of; to represent; to typify.
Typesetter	One who, or that which, sets type; a compositor; a machine for setting type.
Typesetting	The act or art of setting type.
Typewrite	To write with a typewriter.
Typewriter	An instrument for writing by means of type, a typewheel, or the like, in which the operator makes use of a sort of keyboard, in order to obtain printed impressions of the characters upon paper.
Typewriter	One who uses such an instrument.
Typewriting	The act or art of using a typewriter; also, a print made with a typewriter.
Typhlitis	Inflammation of the caecum.
Typhlosole	A fold of the wall which projects into the cavity of the intestine in bivalve mollusks, certain annelids, starfishes, and some other animals.
Typhoean	Of or pertaining to Typhoeus (t/*f/"/s), the fabled giant of Greek mythology, having a hundred heads; resembling Typhoeus.
Typhoid	Of or pertaining to typhus; resembling typhus; of a low grade like typhus; as, typhoid symptoms.
Typhomalarial	Pertaining to typhoid fever and malaria; as, typhomalarial fever, a form of fever having symptoms both of malarial and typhoid fever.
Typhomania	A low delirium common in typhus fever.
Typhon	According to Hesiod, the son of Typhoeus, and father of the winds, but later identified with him.
Typhon	A violent whirlwind; a typhoon.
Typhoon	A violent whirlwind; specifically, a violent whirlwind occurring in the Chinese seas.
Typhos	Typhus.
Typhotoxin	A basic substance, C7H17NO2, formed from the growth of the typhoid bacillus on meat pulp. It induces in small animals lethargic conditions with liquid dejecta.
Typhous	Of or pertaining to typhus; of the nature of typhus.
Typhus	A contagious continued fever lasting from two to three weeks, attended with great prostration and cerebral disorder, and marked by a copious eruption of red spots upon the body. Also called jail fever, famine fever, putrid fever, spottled fever, etc. See Jail fever, under Jail.
Typic	Typical.
Typical	Of the nature of a type; representing something by a form, model, or resemblance; emblematic; prefigurative.
Typical	Combining or exhibiting the essential characteristics of a group; as, a typical genus.
Typification	The act of typifying, or representing by a figure.
Typifier	One who, or that which, typifies.
Typified	of Typify
Typifying	of Typify
Typify	To represent by an image, form, model, or resemblance.
Typo	A compositor.
Typocosmy	A representation of the world.
Typographer	A printer.
Typographic	Alt. of Typographical
Typographical	Of or pertaining to the act or act of representing by types or symbols; emblematic; figurative; typical.
Typographical	Of or pertaining to typography or printing; as, the typographic art.
Typography	The act or art of expressing by means of types or symbols; emblematical or hieroglyphic representation.
Typography	The art of printing with types; the use of types to produce impressions on paper, vellum, etc.
Typolite	A stone or fossil which has on it impressions or figures of plants and animals.
Typology	A discourse or treatise on types.
Typology	The doctrine of types.
Typothetae	Printers; -- used in the name of an association of the master printers of the United States and Canada, called The United Typothetae of America.
Tyran	A tyrant.
Tyranness	A female tyrant.
Tyrannic	Alt. of Tyrannical
Tyrannical	Of or pertaining to a tyrant; suiting a tyrant; unjustly severe in government; absolute; imperious; despotic; cruel; arbitrary; as, a tyrannical prince; a tyrannical master; tyrannical government.
Tyrannicidal	Of or pertaining to tyrannicide, or the murder of a tyrant.
Tyrannicide	The act of killing a tyrant.
Tyrannicide	One who kills a tyrant.
Tyrannish	Like a tyrant; tyrannical.
Tyrannized	of Tyrannize
Tyrannizing	of Tyrannize
Tyrannize	To act the tyrant; to exercise arbitrary power; to rule with unjust and oppressive severity; to exercise power others not permitted by law or required by justice, or with a severity not necessary to the ends of justice and government; as, a prince will often tyrannize over his subjects; masters sometimes tyrannize over their servants or apprentices.
Tyrannize	To subject to arbitrary, oppressive, or tyrannical treatment; to oppress.
Tyrannous	Tyrannical; arbitrary; unjustly severe; despotic.
Tyranny	The government or authority of a tyrant; a country governed by an absolute ruler; hence, arbitrary or despotic exercise of power; exercise of power over subjects and others with a rigor not authorized by law or justice, or not requisite for the purposes of government.
Tyranny	Cruel government or discipline; as, the tyranny of a schoolmaster.
Tyranny	Severity; rigor; inclemency.
Tyrant	An absolute ruler; a sovereign unrestrained by law or constitution; a usurper of sovereignty.
Tyrant	Specifically, a monarch, or other ruler or master, who uses power to oppress his subjects; a person who exercises unlawful authority, or lawful authority in an unlawful manner; one who by taxation, injustice, or cruel punishment, or the demand of unreasonable services, imposes burdens and hardships on those under his control, which law and humanity do not authorize, or which the purposes of government do not require; a cruel master; an oppressor.
Tyrant	Any one of numerous species of American clamatorial birds belonging to the family Tyrannidae; -- called also tyrant bird.
Tyrant	To act like a tyrant; to play the tyrant; to tyrannical.
Tyre	Curdled milk.
Tyre	Attire. See 2d and 3d Tire.
Tyre	To prey. See 4th Tire.
Tyrian	Of or pertaining to Tyre or its people.
Tyrian	Being of the color called Tyrian purple.
Tyrian	A native of Tyre.
Tyros	of Tyro
Tyro	A beginner in learning; one who is in the rudiments of any branch of study; a person imperfectly acquainted with a subject; a novice.
Tyrociny	The state of being a tyro, or beginner; apprenticeship.
Tyrolite	A translucent mineral of a green color and pearly or vitreous luster. It is a hydrous arseniate of copper.
Tyronism	The state of being a tyro, or beginner.
Tyrosin	A white crystalline nitrogenous substance present in small amount in the pancreas and spleen, and formed in large quantity from the decomposition of proteid matter by various means, -- as by pancreatic digestion, by putrefaction as of cheese, by the action of boiling acids, etc. Chemically, it consists of oxyphenol and amidopropionic acid, and by decomposition yields oxybenzoic acid, or some other benzol derivative.
Tyrotoxicon	A ptomaine discovered by Vaughan in putrid cheese and other dairy products, and producing symptoms similar to cholera infantum. Chemically, it appears to be related to, or identical with, diazobenzol.
Tyrotoxine	Same as Tyrotoxicon.
Tysonite	A fluoride of the cerium metals occurring in hexagonal crystals of a pale yellow color.   Cf. Fluocerite.
Tystie	The black guillemot.
Tythe	See Tithe.
Tything	See Tithing.
Tzar	The emperor of Russia.  See Czar.
Tzarina	Alt. of Tzaritza
Tzaritza	The empress of Russia.  See Czarina.
Tzetze	Same as Tsetse.
