D	The fourth letter of the English alphabet, and a vocal consonant. The English letter is from Latin, which is from Greek, which took it from Ph/nician, the probable ultimate origin being Egyptian. It is related most nearly to t and th; as, Eng. deep, G. tief; Eng. daughter, G. tochter, Gr. qyga`thr, Skr. duhitr. See Guide to Pronunciation, Ã178, 179, 229.
D	The nominal of the second tone in the model major scale (that in C), or of the fourth tone in the relative minor scale of C (that in A minor), or of the key tone in the relative minor of F.
D	As a numeral D stands for 500. in this use it is not the initial of any word, or even strictly a letter, but one half of the sign / (or / ) the original Tuscan numeral for 1000.
Dab	A skillful hand; a dabster; an expert.
Dab	A name given to several species of flounders, esp. to the European species, Pleuronectes limanda. The American rough dab is Hippoglossoides platessoides.
Dabbed	of Dab
Dabbing	of Dab
Dab	To strike or touch gently, as with a soft or moist substance; to tap; hence, to besmear with a dabber.
Dab	To strike by a thrust; to hit with a sudden blow or thrust.
Dab	A gentle blow with the hand or some soft substance; a sudden blow or hit; a peck.
Dab	A small mass of anything soft or moist.
Dabb	A large, spine-tailed lizard (Uromastix spinipes), found in Egypt, Arabia, and Palestine; -- called also dhobb, and dhabb.
Dabber	That with which one dabs; hence, a pad or other device used by printers, engravers, etc., as for dabbing type or engraved plates with ink.
Dabbled	of Dabble
Dabbling	of Dabble
Dabble	To wet by little dips or strokes; to spatter; to sprinkle; to moisten; to wet.
Dabble	To play in water, as with the hands; to paddle or splash in mud or water.
Dabble	To work in slight or superficial manner; to do in a small way; to tamper; to meddle.
Dabbler	One who dabbles.
Dabbler	One who dips slightly into anything; a superficial meddler.
Dabblingly	In a dabbling manner.
Dabchick	A small water bird (Podilymbus podiceps), allied to the grebes, remarkable for its quickness in diving; -- called also dapchick, dobchick, dipchick, didapper, dobber, devil-diver, hell-diver, and pied-billed grebe.
Daboia	A large and highly venomous Asiatic viper (Daboia xanthica).
Dabster	One who is skilled; a master of his business; a proficient; an adept.
Dacapo	From the beginning; a direction to return to, and end with, the first strain; -- indicated by the letters D. C. Also, the strain so repeated.
Dace	A small European cyprinoid fish (Squalius leuciscus or Leuciscus vulgaris); -- called also dare.
Dachshund	One of a breed of small dogs with short crooked legs, and long body; -- called also badger dog. There are two kinds, the rough-haired and the smooth-haired.
Dacian	Of or pertaining to Dacia or the Dacians.
Dacian	A native of ancient Dacia.
Dacoit	One of a class of robbers, in India, who act in gangs.
Dacoity	The practice of gang robbery in India; robbery committed by dacoits.
Dacotahs	Same as Dacotas.
Dactyl	A poetical foot of three sylables (-- ~ ~), one long followed by two short, or one accented followed by two unaccented; as, L. tegm/n/, E. mer\b6ciful; -- so called from the similarity of its arrangement to that of the joints of a finger.
Dactyl	A finger or toe; a digit.
Dactyl	The claw or terminal joint of a leg of an insect or crustacean.
Dactylar	Pertaining to dactyl; dactylic.
Dactylar	Of or pertaining to a finger or toe, or to the claw of an insect crustacean.
Dactylet	A dactyl.
Dactylic	Pertaining to, consisting chiefly or wholly of, dactyls; as, dactylic verses.
Dactylic	A line consisting chiefly or wholly of dactyls; as, these lines are dactylics.
Dactylic	Dactylic meters.
Dactylioglyph	An engraver of gems for rings and other ornaments.
Dactylioglyph	The inscription of the engraver's name on a finger ring or gem.
Dactylioglyphi	The art or process of gem engraving.
Dactyliography	The art of writing or engraving upon gems.
Dactyliography	In general, the literature or history of the art.
Dactyliology	That branch of archaeology which has to do with gem engraving.
Dactyliology	That branch of archaeology which has to do with finger rings.
Dactyliomancy	Divination by means of finger rings.
Dactylist	A writer of dactylic verse.
Dactylitis	An inflammatory affection of the fingers.
Dactylology	The art of communicating ideas by certain movements and positions of the fingers; -- a method of conversing practiced by the deaf and dumb.
Dactylomancy	Dactyliomancy.
Dactylonomy	The art of numbering or counting by the fingers.
Dactylopterous	Having the inferior rays of the pectoral fins partially or entirely free, as in the gurnards.
Dactylotheca	The scaly covering of the toes, as in birds.
Dactylozooid	A kind of zooid of Siphonophora which has an elongated or even vermiform body, with one tentacle, but no mouth. See Siphonophora.
Dad	Father; -- a word sometimes used by children.
Daddled	of Dadle
Daddling	of Dadle
Dadle	To toddle; to walk unsteadily, like a child or an old man; hence, to do anything slowly or feebly.
Daddock	The rotten body of a tree.
Daddy	Diminutive of Dad.
Daddy longlegs	An arachnidan of the genus Phalangium, and allied genera, having a small body and four pairs of long legs; -- called also harvestman, carter, and grandfather longlegs.
Daddy longlegs	A name applied to many species of dipterous insects of the genus Tipula, and allied genera, with slender bodies, and very long, slender legs; the crane fly; -- called also father longlegs.
Dade	To hold up by leading strings or by the hand, as a child while he toddles.
Dade	To walk unsteadily, as a child in leading strings, or just learning to walk; to move slowly.
Dadoes	of Dado
Dado	That part of a pedestal included between the base and the cornice (or surbase); the die. See Illust. of Column.
Dado	In any wall, that part of the basement included between the base and the base course.  See Base course, under Base.
Dado	In interior decoration, the lower part of the wall of an apartment when adorned with moldings, or otherwise specially decorated.
Daedal	Alt. of Daedalian
Daedalian	Cunningly or ingeniously formed or working; skillful; artistic; ingenious.
Daedalian	Crafty; deceitful.
Daedalous	Having a variously cut or incised margin; -- said of leaves.
Daemon	Alt. of Daemonic
Daemonic	See Demon, Demonic.
Daff	To cast aside; to put off; to doff.
Daff	A stupid, blockish fellow; a numskull.
Daff	To act foolishly; to be foolish or sportive; to toy.
Daff	To daunt.
Daffodil	A plant of the genus Asphodelus.
Daffodil	A plant of the genus Narcissus (N. Pseudo-narcissus). It has a bulbous root and beautiful flowers, usually of a yellow hue. Called also daffodilly, daffadilly, daffadowndilly, daffydowndilly, etc.
Daft	Stupid; foolish; idiotic; also, delirious; insane; as, he has gone daft.
Daft	Gay; playful; frolicsome.
Daftness	The quality of being daft.
Dag	A dagger; a poniard.
Dag	A large pistol formerly used.
Dag	The unbranched antler of a young deer.
Dag	A misty shower; dew.
Dag	A loose end; a dangling shred.
Dag	To daggle or bemire.
Dag	To cut into jags or points; to slash; as, to dag a garment.
Dag	To be misty; to drizzle.
Dagger	A short weapon used for stabbing. This is the general term: cf. Poniard, Stiletto, Bowie knife, Dirk, Misericorde, Anlace.
Dagger	A mark of reference in the form of a dagger [/]. It is the second in order when more than one reference occurs on a page; -- called also obelisk.
Dagger	To pierce with a dagger; to stab.
Dagger	A timber placed diagonally in a ship's frame.
Dagges	An ornamental cutting of the edges of garments, introduced about a. d. 1346, according to the Chronicles of St Albans.
Daggled	of Daggle
Daggling	of Daggle
Daggle	To trail, so as to wet or befoul; to make wet and limp; to moisten.
Daggle	To run, go, or trail one's self through water, mud, or slush; to draggle.
Daggle-tail	Alt. of Daggle-tailed
Daggle-tailed	Having the lower ends of garments defiled by trailing in mire or filth; draggle-tailed.
Daggle-tail	A slovenly woman; a slattern; a draggle-tail.
Daglock	A dirty or clotted lock of wool on a sheep; a taglock.
Dagos	of Dago
Dago	A nickname given to a person of Spanish (or, by extension, Portuguese or Italian) descent.
Dagoba	A dome-shaped structure built over relics of Buddha or some Buddhist saint.
Dagon	The national god of the Philistines, represented with the face and hands and upper part of a man, and the tail of a fish.
Dagon	A slip or piece.
Dagswain	A coarse woolen fabric made of daglocks, or the refuse of wool.
Dag-tailed	Daggle-tailed; having the tail clogged with daglocks.
Daguerrean	Alt. of Daguerreian
Daguerreian	Pertaining to Daguerre, or to his invention of the daguerreotype.
Daguerreotype	An early variety of photograph, produced on a silver plate, or copper plate covered with silver, and rendered sensitive by the action of iodine, or iodine and bromine, on which, after exposure in the camera, the latent image is developed by the vapor of mercury.
Daguerreotype	The process of taking such pictures.
Daguerreotyped	of Daguerreotype
Daguerreotyping	of Daguerreotype
Daguerreotype	To produce or represent by the daguerreotype process, as a picture.
Daguerreotype	To impress with great distinctness; to imprint; to imitate exactly.
Daguerreotyper	Alt. of Daguerreotypist
Daguerreotypist	One who takes daguerreotypes.
Daguerreotypy	The art or process of producing pictures by method of Daguerre.
Dahabeah	A Nile boat constructed on the model of a floating house, having large lateen sails.
Dahlias	of Dahlia
Dahlia	A genus of plants native to Mexico and Central America, of the order Compositae; also, any plant or flower of the genus. The numerous varieties of cultivated dahlias bear conspicuous flowers which differ in color.
Dahlin	A variety of starch extracted from the dahlia; -- called also inulin. See Inulin.
Dailiness	Daily occurence.
Daily	Happening, or belonging to, each successive day; diurnal; as, daily labor; a daily bulletin.
Dailies	of Daily
Daily	A publication which appears regularly every day; as, the morning dailies.
Daily	Every day; day by day; as, a thing happens daily.
Daimios	of Daimio
Daimio	The title of the feudal nobles of Japan.
Daint	Something of exquisite taste; a dainty.
Daint	Dainty.
Daintified	of Daintify
Daintifying	of Daintify
Daintify	To render dainty, delicate, or fastidious.
Daintily	In a dainty manner; nicely; scrupulously; fastidiously; deliciously; prettily.
Daintiness	The quality of being dainty; nicety; niceness; elegance; delicacy; deliciousness; fastidiousness; squeamishness.
Daintrel	Adelicacy.
Dainties	of Dainty
Dainty	Value; estimation; the gratification or pleasure taken in anything.
Dainty	That which is delicious or delicate; a delicacy.
Dainty	A term of fondness.
Dainty	Rare; valuable; costly.
Dainty	Delicious to the palate; toothsome.
Dainty	Nice; delicate; elegant, in form, manner, or breeding; well-formed; neat; tender.
Dainty	Requiring dainties. Hence: Overnice; hard to please; fastidious; squeamish; scrupulous; ceremonious.
Dairies	of Dairy
Dairy	The place, room, or house where milk is kept, and converted into butter or cheese.
Dairy	That department of farming which is concerned in the production of milk, and its conversion into butter and cheese.
Dairy	A dairy farm.
Dairying	The business of conducting a dairy.
Dairymaid	A female servant whose business is the care of the dairy.
Dairymen	of Dairyman
Dairyman	A man who keeps or takes care of a dairy.
Dairywomen	of Dairywoman
Dairywoman	A woman who attends to a dairy.
Dais	The high or principal table, at the end of a hall, at which the chief guests were seated; also, the chief seat at the high table.
Dais	A platform slightly raised above the floor of a hall or large room, giving distinction to the table and seats placed upon it for the chief guests.
Dais	A canopy over the seat of a person of dignity.
Daisied	Full of daisies; adorned with daisies.
Daisies	of Daisy
Daisy	A genus of low herbs (Bellis), belonging to the family Compositae. The common English and classical daisy is B. prennis, which has a yellow disk and white or pinkish rays.
Daisy	The whiteweed (Chrysanthemum Leucanthemum), the plant commonly called daisy in North America; -- called also oxeye daisy. See Whiteweed.
Dak	Post; mail; also, the mail or postal arrangements; -- spelt also dawk, and dauk.
Daker	Alt. of Dakir
Dakir	A measure of certain commodities by number, usually ten or twelve, but sometimes twenty; as, a daker of hides consisted of ten skins; a daker of gloves of ten pairs.
Daker hen	The corncrake or land rail.
Dakoit	Alt. of Dakoity
Dakoity	See Dacoit, Dacoity.
Dakota group	A subdivision at the base of the cretaceous formation in Western North America; -- so named from the region where the strata were first studied.
Dakotas	An extensive race or stock of Indians, including many tribes, mostly dwelling west of the Mississippi River; -- also, in part, called Sioux.
Dal	Split pulse, esp. of Cajanus Indicus.
Dale	A low place between hills; a vale or valley.
Dale	A trough or spout to carry off water, as from a pump.
Dalesmen	of Dalesman
Dalesman	One living in a dale; -- a term applied particularly to the inhabitants of the valleys in the north of England, Norway, etc.
Dalf	imp. of Delve.
Dalliance	The act of dallying, trifling, or fondling; interchange of caresses; wanton play.
Dalliance	Delay or procrastination.
Dalliance	Entertaining discourse.
Dallier	One who fondles; a trifler; as, dalliers with pleasant words.
Dallop	A tuft or clump.
Dallied	of Dally
Dallying	of Dally
Dally	To waste time in effeminate or voluptuous pleasures, or in idleness; to fool away time; to delay unnecessarily; to tarry; to trifle.
Dally	To interchange caresses, especially with one of the opposite sex; to use fondling; to wanton; to sport.
Dally	To delay unnecessarily; to while away.
Dalmania	A genus of trilobites, of many species, common in the Upper Silurian and Devonian rocks.
Dalmanites	Same as Dalmania.
Dalmatian	Of or pertaining to Dalmatia.
Dalmatica	Alt. of Dalmatic
Dalmatic	A vestment with wide sleeves, and with two stripes, worn at Mass by deacons, and by bishops at pontifical Mass; -- imitated from a dress originally worn in Dalmatia.
Dalmatic	A robe worn on state ocasions, as by English kings at their coronation.
Dal segno	A direction to go back to the sign / and repeat from thence to the close. See Segno.
Daltonian	One afflicted with color blindness.
Daltonism	Inability to perceive or distinguish certain colors, esp. red; color blindness. It has various forms and degrees. So called from the chemist Dalton, who had this infirmity.
Dam	A female parent; -- used of beasts, especially of quadrupeds; sometimes applied in contempt to a human mother.
Dam	A kind or crowned piece in the game of draughts.
Dam	A barrier to prevent the flow of a liquid; esp., a bank of earth, or wall of any kind, as of masonry or wood, built across a water course, to confine and keep back flowing water.
Dam	A firebrick wall, or a stone, which forms the front of the hearth of a blast furnace.
Dammed	of Dam
Damming	of Dam
Dam	To obstruct or restrain the flow of, by a dam; to confine by constructing a dam, as a stream of water; -- generally used with in or up.
Dam	To shut up; to stop up; to close; to restrain.
Damage	Injury or harm to person, property, or reputation; an inflicted loss of value; detriment; hurt; mischief.
Damage	The estimated reparation in money for detriment or injury sustained; a compensation, recompense, or satisfaction to one party, for a wrong or injury actually done to him by another.
Damages	of Damage
Damaging	of Damage
Damage	To ocassion damage to the soudness, goodness, or value of; to hurt; to injure; to impair.
Damage	To receive damage or harm; to be injured or impaired in soudness or value; as. some colors in /oth damage in sunlight.
Damageable	Capable of being injured or impaired; liable to, or susceptible of, damage; as, a damageable cargo.
Damageable	Hurtful; pernicious.
Damage feasant	Doing injury; trespassing, as cattle.
Daman	A small herbivorous mammal of the genus Hyrax. The species found in Palestine and Syria is Hyrax Syriacus; that of Northern Africa is H. Brucei; -- called also ashkoko, dassy, and rock rabbit. See Cony, and Hyrax.
Damar	See Dammar.
Damascene	Of or relating to Damascus.
Damascene	A kind of plume, now called damson. See Damson.
Damascene	Same as Damask, or Damaskeen, v. t. 
Damascus	A city of Syria.
Damask	Damask silk; silk woven with an elaborate pattern of flowers and the like.
Damask	Linen so woven that a pattern in produced by the different directions of the thread, without contrast of color.
Damask	A heavy woolen or worsted stuff with a pattern woven in the same way as the linen damask; -- made for furniture covering and hangings.
Damask	Damask or Damascus steel; also, the peculiar markings or "water" of such steel.
Damask	A deep pink or rose color.
Damask	Pertaining to, or originating at, the city of Damascus; resembling the products or manufactures of Damascus.
Damask	Having the color of the damask rose.
Damasked	of Damask
Damasking	of Damask
Damask	To decorate in a way peculiar to Damascus or attributed to Damascus; particularly: (a) with flowers and rich designs, as silk; (b) with inlaid lines of gold, etc., or with a peculiar marking or "water," as metal. See Damaskeen.
Damaskeen	Alt. of Damasken
Damasken	To decorate, as iron, steel, etc., with a peculiar marking or "water" produced in the process of manufacture, or with designs produced by inlaying or incrusting with another metal, as silver or gold, or by etching, etc., to damask.
Damaskin	A sword of Damask steel.
Damasse	Woven like damask.
Damasse	A damasse fabric, esp. one of linen.
Damassin	A kind of modified damask or brocade.
Dambonite	A white, crystalline, sugary substance obtained from an African caoutchouc.
Dambose	A crystalline variety of fruit sugar obtained from dambonite.
Dame	A mistress of a family, who is a lady; a woman in authority; especially, a lady.
Dame	The mistress of a family in common life, or the mistress of a common school; as, a dame's school.
Dame	A woman in general, esp. an elderly woman.
Dame	A mother; -- applied to human beings and quadrupeds.
Damewort	A cruciferrous plant (Hesperis matronalis), remarkable for its fragrance, especially toward the close of the day; -- called also rocket and dame's violet.
Damiana	A Mexican drug, used as an aphrodisiac.
Damianist	A follower of Damian, patriarch of Alexandria in the 6th century, who held heretical opinions on the doctrine of the Holy Trinity.
Dammar	Alt. of Dammara
Dammara	An oleoresin used in making varnishes; dammar gum; dammara resin. It is obtained from certain resin trees indigenous to the East Indies, esp. Shorea robusta and the dammar pine.
Dammara	A large tree of the order Coniferae, indigenous to the East Indies and Australasia; -- called also Agathis. There are several species.
Damned	of Damn
Damning	of Damn
Damn	To condemn; to declare guilty; to doom; to adjudge to punishment; to sentence; to censure.
Damn	To doom to punishment in the future world; to consign to perdition; to curse.
Damn	To condemn as bad or displeasing, by open expression, as by denuciation, hissing, hooting, etc.
Damn	To invoke damnation; to curse.
Damnability	The quality of being damnable; damnableness.
Damnable	Liable to damnation; deserving, or for which one deserves, to be damned; of a damning nature.
Damnable	Odious; pernicious; detestable.
Damnableness	The state or quality of deserving damnation; execrableness.
Damnably	In a manner to incur severe censure, condemnation, or punishment.
Damnably	Odiously; detestably; excessively.
Damnation	The state of being damned; condemnation; openly expressed disapprobation.
Damnation	Condemnation to everlasting punishment in the future state, or the punishment itself.
Damnation	A sin deserving of everlasting punishment.
Damnatory	Dooming to damnation; condemnatory.
Damned	Sentenced to punishment in a future state; condemned; consigned to perdition.
Damned	Hateful; detestable; abominable.
Damnific	Procuring or causing loss; mischievous; injurious.
Damnification	That which causes damage or loss.
Damnify	To cause loss or damage to; to injure; to impair.
Damning	That damns; damnable; as, damning evidence of guilt.
Damningness	Tendency to bring damnation.
damnum	Harm; detriment, either to character or property.
Damosel	Alt. of Damoiselle
Damosella	Alt. of Damoiselle
Damoiselle	See Damsel.
Damourite	A kind of Muscovite, or potash mica, containing water.
Damp	Moisture; humidity; fog; fogginess; vapor.
Damp	Dejection; depression; cloud of the mind.
Damp	A gaseous product, formed in coal mines, old wells, pints, etc.
Damp	Being in a state between dry and wet; moderately wet; moist; humid.
Damp	Dejected; depressed; sunk.
Damped	of Damp
Damping	of Damp
Damp	To render damp; to moisten; to make humid, or moderately wet; to dampen; as, to damp cloth.
Damp	To put out, as fire; to depress or deject; to deaden; to cloud; to check or restrain, as action or vigor; to make dull; to weaken; to discourage.
Dampened	of Dampen
Dampening	of Dampen
Dampen	To make damp or moist; to make slightly wet.
Dampen	To depress; to check; to make dull; to lessen.
Dampen	To become damp; to deaden.
Damper	That which damps or checks; as: (a) A valve or movable plate in the flue or other part of a stove, furnace, etc., used to check or regulate the draught of air. (b) A contrivance, as in a pianoforte, to deaden vibrations; or, as in other pieces of mechanism, to check some action at a particular time.
Dampish	Moderately damp or moist.
Dampne	To damn.
Dampness	Moderate humidity; moisture; fogginess; moistness.
Damp off	To decay and perish through excessive moisture.
Dampy	Somewhat damp.
Dampy	Dejected; gloomy; sorrowful.
Damsel	A young person, either male or female, of noble or gentle extraction; as, Damsel Pepin; Damsel Richard, Prince of Wales.
Damsel	A young unmarried woman; a girl; a maiden.
Damsel	An attachment to a millstone spindle for shaking the hopper.
Damson	A small oval plum of a blue color, the fruit of a variety of the Prunus domestica; -- called also damask plum.
Dan	A title of honor equivalent to master, or sir.
Dan	A small truck or sledge used in coal mines.
Danaide	A water wheel having a vertical axis, and an inner and outer tapering shell, between which are vanes or floats attached usually to both shells, but sometimes only to one.
Danaite	A cobaltiferous variety of arsenopyrite.
Danalite	A mineral occuring in octahedral crystals, also massive, of a reddish color. It is a silicate of iron, zinc manganese, and glucinum, containing sulphur.
Danburite	A borosilicate of lime, first found at Danbury, Conn. It is near the topaz in form.
Danced	of Dance
Dancing	of Dance
Dance	To move with measured steps, or to a musical accompaniment; to go through, either alone or in company with others, with a regulated succession of movements, (commonly) to the sound of music; to trip or leap rhythmically.
Dance	To move nimbly or merrily; to express pleasure by motion; to caper; to frisk; to skip about.
Dance	To cause to dance, or move nimbly or merrily about, or up and down; to dandle.
Dance	The leaping, tripping, or measured stepping of one who dances; an amusement, in which the movements of the persons are regulated by art, in figures and in accord with music.
Dance	A tune by which dancing is regulated, as the minuet, the waltz, the cotillon, etc.
Dancer	One who dances or who practices dancing.
Danceress	A female dancer.
Dancette	Deeply indented; having large teeth; thus, a fess dancette has only three teeth in the whole width of the escutcheon.
Dancing	from Dance.
Dancy	Same as Dancette.
Dandelion	A well-known plant of the genus Taraxacum (T. officinale, formerly called T. Dens-leonis and Leontodos Taraxacum) bearing large, yellow, compound flowers, and deeply notched leaves.
Dander	Dandruff or scurf on the head.
Dander	Anger or vexation; rage.
Dander	To wander about; to saunter; to talk incoherently.
Dandi	A boatman; an oarsman.
Dandie	One of a breed of small terriers; -- called also Dandie Dinmont.
Dandified	Made up like a dandy; having the dress or manners of a dandy; buckish.
Dandified	of Dandify
Dandifying	of Dandify
Dandify	To cause to resemble a dandy; to make dandyish.
Dandiprat	A little fellow; -- in sport or contempt.
Dandiprat	A small coin.
Dandled	of Dandle
Dandling	of Dandle
Dandle	To move up and down on one's knee or in one's arms, in affectionate play, as an infant.
Dandle	To treat with fondness, as if a child; to fondle; to toy with; to pet.
Dandle	To play with; to put off or delay by trifles; to wheedle.
Dandler	One who dandles or fondles.
Dandriff	See Dandruff.
Dandruff	A scurf which forms on the head, and comes off in small or particles.
Dandies	of Dandy
Dandy	One who affects special finery or gives undue attention to dress; a fop; a coxcomb.
Dandy	A sloop or cutter with a jigger on which a lugsail is set.
Dandy	A small sail carried at or near the stern of small boats; -- called also jigger, and mizzen.
Dandy	A dandy roller. See below.
Dandy-cock	Alt. of Dandy-hen
Dandy-hen	A bantam fowl.
Dandyish	Like a dandy.
Dandyism	The manners and dress of a dandy; foppishness.
Dandyise	To make, or to act, like a dandy; to dandify.
Dandyling	A little or insignificant dandy; a contemptible fop.
Dane	A native, or a naturalized inhabitant, of Denmark.
Danegeld	Alt. of Danegelt
Danegelt	An annual tax formerly laid on the English nation to buy off the ravages of Danish invaders, or to maintain forces to oppose them. It afterward became a permanent tax, raised by an assessment, at first of one shilling, afterward of two shillings, upon every hide of land throughout the realm.
Danewort	A fetid European species of elder (Sambucus Ebulus); dwarf elder; wallwort; elderwort; -- called also Daneweed, Dane's weed, and Dane's-blood. [Said to grow on spots where battles were fought against the Danes.]
Dang	imp. of Ding.
Dang	To dash.
Danger	Authority; jurisdiction; control.
Danger	Power to harm; subjection or liability to penalty.
Danger	Exposure to injury, loss, pain, or other evil; peril; risk; insecurity.
Danger	Difficulty; sparingness.
Danger	Coyness; disdainful behavior.
Danger	To endanger.
Dangerful	Full of danger; dangerous.
Dangerless	Free from danger.
Dangerous	Attended or beset with danger; full of risk; perilous; hazardous; unsafe.
Dangerous	Causing danger; ready to do harm or injury.
Dangerous	In a condition of danger, as from illness; threatened with death.
Dangerous	Hard to suit; difficult to please.
Dangerous	Reserved; not affable.
Dangled	of Dangle
Dangling	of Dangle
Dangle	To hang loosely, or with a swinging or jerking motion.
Dangle	To cause to dangle; to swing, as something suspended loosely; as, to dangle the feet.
Dangleberry	A dark blue, edible berry with a white bloom, and its shrub (Gaylussacia frondosa) closely allied to the common huckleberry. The bush is also called blue tangle, and is found from New England to Kentucky, and southward.
Dangler	One who dangles about or after others, especially after women; a trifler.
Daniel	A Hebrew prophet distinguished for sagacity and ripeness of judgment in youth; hence, a sagacious and upright judge.
Danish	Belonging to the Danes, or to their language or country.
Danish	The language of the Danes.
Danite	A descendant of Dan; an Israelite of the tribe of Dan.
Danite	One of a secret association of Mormons, bound by an oath to obey the heads of the church in all things.
Dank	Damp; moist; humid; wet.
Dank	Moisture; humidity; water.
Dank	A small silver coin current in Persia.
Dankish	Somewhat dank.
Dannebrog	The ancient battle standard of Denmark, bearing figures of cross and crown.
Danseuse	A professional female dancer; a woman who dances at a public exhibition as in a ballet.
Dansk	Danish.
Dansker	A Dane.
Dantean	Relating to, emanating from or resembling, the poet Dante or his writings.
Dantesque	Dantelike; Dantean.
Danubian	Pertaining to, or bordering on, the river Danube.
Dap	To drop the bait gently on the surface of the water.
Dapatical	Sumptuous in cheer.
Daphne	A genus of diminutive Shrubs, mostly evergreen, and with fragrant blossoms.
Daphne	A nymph of Diana, fabled to have been changed into a laurel tree.
Daphnetin	A colorless crystalline substance, C9H6O4, extracted from daphnin.
Daphnia	A genus of the genus Daphnia.
Daphnin	A dark green bitter resin extracted from the mezereon (Daphne mezereum) and regarded as the essential principle of the plant.
Daphnin	A white, crystalline, bitter substance, regarded as a glucoside, and extracted from Daphne mezereum and D. alpina.
Daphnomancy	Divination by means of the laurel.
Dapifer	One who brings meat to the table; hence, in some countries, the official title of the grand master or steward of the king's or a nobleman's household.
Dapper	Little and active; spruce; trim; smart; neat in dress or appearance; lively.
Dapperling	A dwarf; a dandiprat.
Dapple	One of the spots on a dappled animal.
Dapple	Alt. of Dappled
Dappled	Marked with spots of different shades of color; spotted; variegated; as, a dapple horse.
Dappled	of Dapple
Dappling	of Dapple
Dapple	To variegate with spots; to spot.
Darbies	Manacles; handcuffs.
Darby	A plasterer's float, having two handles; -- used in smoothing ceilings, etc.
Darbyite	One of the Plymouth Brethren, or of a sect among them; -- so called from John N. Darby, one of the leaders of the Brethren.
Dardanian	Trojan.
Durst	of Dare
Dared	of Dare
Dared	of Dare
Daring	of Dare
Dare	To have adequate or sufficient courage for any purpose; to be bold or venturesome; not to be afraid; to venture.
Dared	of Dare
Daring	of Dare
Dare	To have courage for; to attempt courageously; to venture to do or to undertake.
Dare	To challenge; to provoke; to defy.
Dare	The quality of daring; venturesomeness; boldness; dash.
Dare	Defiance; challenge.
Dare	To lurk; to lie hid.
Dare	To terrify; to daunt.
Dare	A small fish; the dace.
Dare-devil	A reckless fellow. Also used adjectively; as, dare-devil excitement.
Dare-deviltries	of Dare-deviltry
Dare-deviltry	Reckless mischief; the action of a dare-devil.
Dareful	Full of daring or of defiance; adventurous.
Darer	One who dares or defies.
Darg	Alt. of Dargue
Dargue	A day's work; also, a fixed amount of work, whether more or less than that of a day.
Daric	A gold coin of ancient Persia, weighing usually a little more than 128 grains, and bearing on one side the figure of an archer.
Daric	A silver coin of about 86 grains, having the figure of an archer, and hence, in modern times, called a daric.
Daric	Any very pure gold coin.
Daring	Boldness; fearlessness; adventurousness; also, a daring act.
Daring	Bold; fearless; adventurous; as, daring spirits.
Dark	Destitute, or partially destitute, of light; not receiving, reflecting, or radiating light; wholly or partially black, or of some deep shade of color; not light-colored; as, a dark room; a dark day; dark cloth; dark paint; a dark complexion.
Dark	Not clear to the understanding; not easily seen through; obscure; mysterious; hidden.
Dark	Destitute of knowledge and culture; in moral or intellectual darkness; unrefined; ignorant.
Dark	Evincing black or foul traits of character; vile; wicked; atrocious; as, a dark villain; a dark deed.
Dark	Foreboding evil; gloomy; jealous; suspicious.
Dark	Deprived of sight; blind.
Dark	Absence of light; darkness; obscurity; a place where there is little or no light.
Dark	The condition of ignorance; gloom; secrecy.
Dark	A dark shade or dark passage in a painting, engraving, or the like; as, the light and darks are well contrasted.
Dark	To darken to obscure.
Darkened	of Darken
Darkening	of Darken
Darken	To make dark or black; to deprive of light; to obscure; as, a darkened room.
Darken	To render dim; to deprive of vision.
Darken	To cloud, obscure, or perplex; to render less clear or intelligible.
Darken	To cast a gloom upon.
Darken	To make foul; to sully; to tarnish.
Darken	To grow or darker.
Darkener	One who, or that which, darkens.
Darkening	Twilight; gloaming.
Darkful	Full of darkness.
Darkish	Somewhat dark; dusky.
Darkle	To grow dark; to show indistinctly.
Darkling	In the dark.
Darkling	Becoming dark or gloomy; frowing.
Darkling	Dark; gloomy.
Darkly	With imperfect light, clearness, or knowledge; obscurely; dimly; blindly; uncertainly.
Darkly	With a dark, gloomy, cruel, or menacing look.
Darkness	The absence of light; blackness; obscurity; gloom.
Darkness	A state of privacy; secrecy.
Darkness	A state of ignorance or error, especially on moral or religious subjects; hence, wickedness; impurity.
Darkness	Want of clearness or perspicuity; obscurity; as, the darkness of a subject, or of a discussion.
Darkness	A state of distress or trouble.
Darksome	Dark; gloomy; obscure; shaded; cheerless.
Darky	A negro.
Darling	One dearly beloved; a favorite.
Darling	Dearly beloved; regarded with especial kindness and tenderness; favorite.
Darlingtonia	A genus of California pitcher plants consisting of a single species. The long tubular leaves are hooded at the top, and frequently contain many insects drowned in the secretion of the leaves.
Darned	of Darn
Darning	of Darn
Darn	To mend as a rent or hole, with interlacing stitches of yarn or thread by means of a needle; to sew together with yarn or thread.
Darn	A place mended by darning.
Darn	A colloquial euphemism for Damn.
Darnel	Any grass of the genus Lolium, esp. the Lolium temulentum (bearded darnel), the grains of which have been reputed poisonous. Other species, as Lolium perenne (rye grass or ray grass), and its variety L. Italicum (Italian rye grass), are highly esteemed for pasture and for making hay.
Darner	One who mends by darning.
Darnex	Alt. of Darnic
Darnic	Same as Dornick.
Daroo	The Egyptian sycamore (Ficus Sycamorus). See Sycamore.
Darr	The European black tern.
Darraign	Alt. of Darrain
Darrain	To make ready to fight; to array.
Darrain	To fight out; to contest; to decide by combat.
Darrein	Last; as, darrein continuance, the last continuance.
Dart	A pointed missile weapon, intended to be thrown by the hand; a short lance; a javelin; hence, any sharp-pointed missile weapon, as an arrow.
Dart	Anything resembling a dart; anything that pierces or wounds like a dart.
Dart	A spear set as a prize in running.
Dart	A fish; the dace. See Dace.
Darted	of Dart
Darting	of Dart
Dart	To throw with a sudden effort or thrust, as a dart or other missile weapon; to hurl or launch.
Dart	To throw suddenly or rapidly; to send forth; to emit; to shoot; as, the sun darts forth his beams.
Dart	To fly or pass swiftly, as a dart.
Dart	To start and run with velocity; to shoot rapidly along; as, the deer darted from the thicket.
Dartars	A kind of scab or ulceration on the skin of lambs.
Darter	One who darts, or who throw darts; that which darts.
Darter	The snakebird, a water bird of the genus Plotus; -- so called because it darts out its long, snakelike neck at its prey. See Snakebird.
Darter	A small fresh-water etheostomoid fish. The group includes numerous genera and species, all of them American. See Etheostomoid.
Dartingly	Like a dart; rapidly.
Dartle	To pierce or shoot through; to dart repeatedly: -- frequentative of dart.
Dartoic	Of or pertaining to the dartos.
Dartoid	Like the dartos; dartoic; as, dartoid tissue.
Dartos	A thin layer of peculiar contractile tissue directly beneath the skin of the scrotum.
Dartrous	Relating to, or partaking of the nature of, the disease called tetter; herpetic.
Darwinian	Pertaining to Darwin; as, the Darwinian theory, a theory of the manner and cause of the supposed development of living things from certain original forms or elements.
Darwinian	An advocate of Darwinism.
Darwinianism	Darwinism.
Darwinism	The theory or doctrines put forth by Darwin. See above.
Dase	See Daze.
Dasewe	To become dim-sighted; to become dazed or dazzled.
Dashed	of Dash
Dashing	of Dash
Dash	To throw with violence or haste; to cause to strike violently or hastily; -- often used with against.
Dash	To break, as by throwing or by collision; to shatter; to crust; to frustrate; to ruin.
Dash	To put to shame; to confound; to confuse; to abash; to depress.
Dash	To throw in or on in a rapid, careless manner; to mix, reduce, or adulterate, by throwing in something of an inferior quality; to overspread partially; to bespatter; to touch here and there; as, to dash wine with water; to dash paint upon a picture.
Dash	To form or sketch rapidly or carelessly; to execute rapidly, or with careless haste; -- with off; as, to dash off a review or sermon.
Dash	To erase by a stroke; to strike out; knock out; -- with out; as, to dash out a word.
Dash	To rust with violence; to move impetuously; to strike violently; as, the waves dash upon rocks.
Dash	Violent striking together of two bodies; collision; crash.
Dash	A sudden check; abashment; frustration; ruin; as, his hopes received a dash.
Dash	A slight admixture, infusion, or adulteration; a partial overspreading; as, wine with a dash of water; red with a dash of purple.
Dash	A rapid movement, esp. one of short duration; a quick stroke or blow; a sudden onset or rush; as, a bold dash at the enemy; a dash of rain.
Dash	Energy in style or action; animation; spirit.
Dash	A vain show; a blustering parade; a flourish; as, to make or cut a great dash.
Dash	A mark or line [--], in writing or printing, denoting a sudden break, stop, or transition in a sentence, or an abrupt change in its construction, a long or significant pause, or an unexpected or epigrammatic turn of sentiment. Dashes are also sometimes used instead of marks or parenthesis.
Dash	The sign of staccato, a small mark [/] denoting that the note over which it is placed is to be performed in a short, distinct manner.
Dash	The line drawn through a figure in the thorough bass, as a direction to raise the interval a semitone.
Dash	A short, spirited effort or trial of speed upon a race course; -- used in horse racing, when a single trial constitutes the race.
Dashboard	A board placed on the fore part of a carriage, sleigh, or other vehicle, to intercept water, mud, or snow, thrown up by the heels of the horses; -- in England commonly called splashboard.
Dashboard	The float of a paddle wheel.
Dashboard	A screen at the bow af a steam launch to keep off the spray; -- called also sprayboard.
Dasher	That which dashes or agitates; as, the dasher of a churn.
Dasher	A dashboard or splashboard.
Dasher	One who makes an ostentatious parade.
Dashing	Bold; spirited; showy.
Dashingly	Conspicuously; showily.
Dashism	The character of making ostentatious or blustering parade or show.
Dashpot	A pneumatic or hydraulic cushion for a falling weight, as in the valve gear of a steam engine, to prevent shock.
Dashy	Calculated to arrest attention; ostentatiously fashionable; showy.
Dastard	One who meanly shrinks from danger; an arrant coward; a poltroon.
Dastard	Meanly shrinking from danger; cowardly; dastardly.
Dastard	To dastardize.
Dastardized	of Dastardize
Dastardizing	of Dastardize
Dastardize	To make cowardly; to intimidate; to dispirit; as, to dastardize my courage.
Dastardliness	The quality of being dastardly; cowardice; base fear.
Dastardly	Meanly timid; cowardly; base; as, a dastardly outrage.
Dastardness	Dastardliness.
Dastardy	Base timidity; cowardliness.
Daswe	See Dasewe
Dasymeter	An instrument for testing the density of gases, consisting of a thin glass globe, which is weighed in the gas or gases, and then in an atmosphere of known density.
Dasypaedal	Dasypaedic.
Dasypaedes	Those birds whose young are covered with down when hatched.
Dasypaedic	Pertaining to the Dasypaedes; ptilopaedic.
Dasyure	A carnivorous marsupial quadruped of Australia, belonging to the genus Dasyurus. There are several species.
Dasyurine	Pertaining to, or like, the dasyures.
Data	See Datum.
Datable	That may be dated; having a known or ascertainable date.
Dataria	Formerly, a part of the Roman chancery; now, a separate office from which are sent graces or favors, cognizable in foro externo, such as appointments to benefices. The name is derived from the word datum, given or dated (with the indications of the time and place of granting the gift or favor).
Datary	An officer in the pope's court, having charge of the Dataria.
Datary	The office or employment of a datary.
Date	The fruit of the date palm; also, the date palm itself.
Date	That addition to a writing, inscription, coin, etc., which specifies the time (as day, month, and year) when the writing or inscription was given, or executed, or made; as, the date of a letter, of a will, of a deed, of a coin. etc.
Date	The point of time at which a transaction or event takes place, or is appointed to take place; a given point of time; epoch; as, the date of a battle.
Date	Assigned end; conclusion.
Date	Given or assigned length of life; dyration.
Dated	of Date
Dating	of Date
Date	To note the time of writing or executing; to express in an instrument the time of its execution; as, to date a letter, a bond, a deed, or a charter.
Date	To note or fix the time of, as of an event; to give the date of; as, to date the building of the pyramids.
Date	To have beginning; to begin; to be dated or reckoned; -- with from.
Dateless	Without date; having no fixed time.
Dater	One who dates.
Datiscin	A white crystalline glucoside extracted from the bastard hemp (Datisca cannabina).
Dative	Noting the case of a noun which expresses the remoter object, and is generally indicated in English by to or for with the objective.
Dative	In one's gift; capable of being disposed of at will and pleasure, as an office.
Dative	Removable, as distinguished from perpetual; -- said of an officer.
Dative	Given by a magistrate, as distinguished from being cast upon a party by the law.
Dative	The dative case. See Dative, a., 1.
Datively	As a gift.
Datolite	A borosilicate of lime commonly occuring in glassy,, greenish crystals.
Data	of Datum
Datum	Something given or admitted; a fact or principle granted; that upon which an inference or an argument is based; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Datum	The quantities or relations which are assumed to be given in any problem.
Datura	A genus of solanaceous plants, with large funnel-shaped flowers and a four-celled, capsular fruit.
Daturine	Atropine; -- called also daturia and daturina.
Daubed	of Daub
Daubing	of Daub
Daub	To smear with soft, adhesive matter, as pitch, slime, mud, etc.; to plaster; to bedaub; to besmear.
Daub	To paint in a coarse or unskillful manner.
Daub	To cover with a specious or deceitful exterior; to disguise; to conceal.
Daub	To flatter excessively or glossy.
Daub	To put on without taste; to deck gaudily.
Daub	To smear; to play the flatterer.
Daub	A viscous, sticky application; a spot smeared or dabed; a smear.
Daub	A picture coarsely executed.
Dauber	One who, or that which, daubs; especially, a coarse, unskillful painter.
Dauber	A pad or ball of rags, covered over with canvas, for inking plates; a dabber.
Dauber	A low and gross flatterer.
Dauber	The mud wasp; the mud dauber.
Daubery	Alt. of Daubry
Daubry	A daubing; specious coloring; false pretenses.
Daubing	The act of one who daubs; that which is daubed.
Daubing	A rough coat of mortar put upon a wall to give it the appearance of stone; rough-cast.
Daubing	In currying, a mixture of fish oil and tallow worked into leather; -- called also dubbing.
Daubreelite	A sulphide of chromium observed in some meteoric irons.
Dauby	Smeary; viscous; glutinous; adhesive.
Daughters	of Daughter
Daughtren	of Daughter
Daughter	The female offspring of the human species; a female child of any age; -- applied also to the lower animals.
Daughter	A female descendant; a woman.
Daughter	A son's wife; a daughter-in-law.
Daughter	A term of address indicating parental interest.
Daughters-in-law	of Daughter-in-law
Daughter-in-law	The wife of one's son.
Daughterliness	The state of a daughter, or the conduct becoming a daughter.
Daughterly	Becoming a daughter; filial.
Dauk	See Dawk, v. t., to cut or gush.
Daun	A variant of Dan, a title of honor.
Daunted	of Daunt
Daunting	of Daunt
Daunt	To overcome; to conquer.
Daunt	To repress or subdue the courage of; to check by fear of danger; to cow; to intimidate; to dishearten.
Daunter	One who daunts.
Dauntless	Incapable of being daunted; undaunted; bold; fearless; intrepid.
Dauphin	The title of the eldest son of the king of France, and heir to the crown. Since the revolution of 1830, the title has been discontinued.
Dauphiness	Alt. of Dauphine
Dauphine	The title of the wife of the dauphin.
Dauw	The striped quagga, or Burchell's zebra, of South Africa (Asinus Burchellii); -- called also peechi, or peetsi.
Davenport	A kind of small writing table, generally somewhat ornamental, and forming a piece of furniture for the parlor or boudoir.
Davidic	Of or pertaining to David, the king and psalmist of Israel, or to his family.
Davit	A spar formerly used on board of ships, as a crane to hoist the flukes of the anchor to the top of the bow, without injuring the sides of the ship; -- called also the fish davit.
Davit	Curved arms of timber or iron, projecting over a ship's side of stern, having tackle to raise or lower a boat, swing it in on deck, rig it out for lowering, etc.; -- called also boat davits.
Davy Jones	The spirit of the sea; sea devil; -- a term used by sailors.
Davy lamp	See Safety lamp, under Lamp.
Davyne	A variety of nephelite from Vesuvius.
Davyum	A rare metallic element found in platinum ore. It is a white malleable substance. Symbol Da. Atomic weight 154.
Daw	A European bird of the Crow family (Corvus monedula), often nesting in church towers and ruins; a jackdaw.
Daw	To dawn.
Daw	To rouse.
Daw	To daunt; to terrify.
Dawdled	of Dawdle
Dawdling	of Dawdle
Dawdle	To waste time in trifling employment; to trifle; to saunter.
Dawdle	To waste by trifling; as, to dawdle away a whole morning.
Dawdle	A dawdler.
Dawdler	One who wastes time in trifling employments; an idler; a trifler.
Dawe	Day.
Dawish	Like a daw.
Dawk	See Dak.
Dawk	To cut or mark with an incision; to gash.
Dawk	A hollow, crack, or cut, in timber.
Dawned	of Dawn
Dawning	of Dawn
Dawn	To begin to grow light in the morning; to grow light; to break, or begin to appear; as, the day dawns; the morning dawns.
Dawn	To began to give promise; to begin to appear or to expand.
Dawn	The break of day; the first appearance of light in the morning; show of approaching sunrise.
Dawn	First opening or expansion; first appearance; beginning; rise.
Dawsonite	A hydrous carbonate of alumina and soda, occuring in white, bladed crustals.
Day	The time of light, or interval between one night and the next; the time between sunrise and sunset, or from dawn to darkness; hence, the light; sunshine.
Day	The period of the earth's revolution on its axis. -- ordinarily divided into twenty-four hours. It is measured by the interval between two successive transits of a celestial body over the same meridian, and takes a specific name from that of the body. Thus, if this is the sun, the day (the interval between two successive transits of the sun's center over the same meridian) is called a solar day; if it is a star, a sidereal day; if it is the moon, a lunar day.  See Civil day, Sidereal day, below.
Day	Those hours, or the daily recurring period, allotted by usage or law for work.
Day	A specified time or period; time, considered with reference to the existence or prominence of a person or thing; age; time.
Day	(Preceded by the) Some day in particular, as some day of contest, some anniversary, etc.
Dayaks	See Dyaks.
Daybook	A journal of accounts; a primary record book in which are recorded the debts and credits, or accounts of the day, in their order, and from which they are transferred to the journal.
Daybreak	The time of the first appearance of light in the morning.
Day-coal	The upper stratum of coal, as nearest the light or surface.
Daydream	A vain fancy speculation; a reverie; a castle in the air; unfounded hope.
Daydreamer	One given to daydreams.
Dayflower	A genus consisting mostly of tropical perennial herbs (Commelina), having ephemeral flowers.
Dayfly	A neuropterous insect of the genus Ephemera and related genera, of many species, and inhabiting fresh water in the larval state; the ephemeral fly; -- so called because it commonly lives but one day in the winged or adult state. See Ephemeral fly, under Ephemeral.
Day-labor	Labor hired or performed by the day.
Day-laborer	One who works by the day; -- usually applied to a farm laborer, or to a workman who does not work at any particular trade.
Daylight	The light of day as opposed to the darkness of night; the light of the sun, as opposed to that of the moon or to artificial light.
Daylight	The eyes.
Day lily	A genus of plants (Hemerocallis) closely resembling true lilies, but having tuberous rootstocks instead of bulbs. The common species have long narrow leaves and either yellow or tawny-orange flowers.
Day lily	A genus of plants (Funkia) differing from the last in having ovate veiny leaves, and large white or blue flowers.
Daymaid	A dairymaid.
Daymare	A kind of incubus which occurs during wakefulness, attended by the peculiar pressure on the chest which characterizes nightmare.
Day-net	A net for catching small birds.
Day-peep	The dawn.
Daysman	An umpire or arbiter; a mediator.
Dayspring	The beginning of the day, or first appearance of light; the dawn; hence, the beginning.
Day-star	The morning star; the star which ushers in the day.
Day-star	The sun, as the orb of day.
Daytime	The time during which there is daylight, as distinguished from the night.
Daywoman	A dairymaid.
Dazed	of Daze
Dazing	of Daze
Daze	To stupefy with excess of light; with a blow, with cold, or with fear; to confuse; to benumb.
Daze	The state of being dazed; as, he was in a daze.
Daze	A glittering stone.
Dazzled	of Dazzle
Dazzling	of Dazzle
Dazzle	To overpower with light; to confuse the sight of by brilliance of light.
Dazzle	To bewilder or surprise with brilliancy or display of any kind.
Dazzle	To be overpoweringly or intensely bright; to excite admiration by brilliancy.
Dazzle	To be overpowered by light; to be confused by excess of brightness.
Dazzle	A light of dazzling brilliancy.
Dazzlement	Dazzling flash, glare, or burst of light.
Dazzlingly	In a dazzling manner.
De-	A prefix from Latin de down, from, away; as in debark, decline, decease, deduct, decamp. In words from the French it is equivalent to Latin dis-apart, away; or sometimes to de.  Cf. Dis-. It is negative and opposite in derange, deform, destroy, etc. It is intensive in deprave, despoil, declare, desolate, etc.
Deacon	An officer in Christian churches appointed to perform certain subordinate duties varying in different communions. In the Roman Catholic and Episcopal churches, a person admitted to the lowest order in the ministry, subordinate to the bishops and priests. In Presbyterian churches, he is subordinate to the minister and elders, and has charge of certain duties connected with the communion service and the care of the poor. In Congregational churches, he is subordinate to the pastor, and has duties as in the Presbyterian church.
Deacon	The chairman of an incorporated company.
Deacon	To read aloud each line of (a psalm or hymn) before singing it, -- usually with off.
Deaconess	A female deacon
Deaconess	One of an order of women whose duties resembled those of deacons.
Deaconess	A woman set apart for church work by a bishop.
Deaconess	A woman chosen as a helper in church work, as among the Congregationalists.
Deaconhood	The state of being a deacon; office of a deacon; deaconship.
Deaconry	See Deaconship.
Deaconship	The office or ministry of a deacon or deaconess.
Dead	Deprived of life; -- opposed to alive and living; reduced to that state of a being in which the organs of motion and life have irrevocably ceased to perform their functions; as, a dead tree; a dead man.
Dead	Destitute of life; inanimate; as, dead matter.
Dead	Resembling death in appearance or quality; without show of life; deathlike; as, a dead sleep.
Dead	Still as death; motionless; inactive; useless; as, dead calm; a dead load or weight.
Dead	So constructed as not to transmit sound; soundless; as, a dead floor.
Dead	Unproductive; bringing no gain; unprofitable; as, dead capital; dead stock in trade.
Dead	Lacking spirit; dull; lusterless; cheerless; as, dead eye; dead fire; dead color, etc.
Dead	Monotonous or unvaried; as, a dead level or pain; a dead wall.
Dead	Sure as death; unerring; fixed; complete; as, a dead shot; a dead certainty.
Dead	Bringing death; deadly.
Dead	Wanting in religious spirit and vitality; as, dead faith; dead works.
Dead	Flat; without gloss; -- said of painting which has been applied purposely to have this effect.
Dead	Not brilliant; not rich; thus, brown is a dead color, as compared with crimson.
Dead	Cut off from the rights of a citizen; deprived of the power of enjoying the rights of property; as, one banished or becoming a monk is civilly dead.
Dead	Not imparting motion or power; as, the dead spindle of a lathe, etc.  See Spindle.
Dead	To a degree resembling death; to the last degree; completely; wholly.
Dead	The most quiet or deathlike time; the period of profoundest repose, inertness, or gloom; as, the dead of winter.
Dead	One who is dead; -- commonly used collectively.
Dead	To make dead; to deaden; to deprive of life, force, or vigor.
Dead	To die; to lose life or force.
Dead beat	See Beat, n., 7.
Deadbeat	Making a beat without recoil; giving indications by a single beat or excursion; -- said of galvanometers and other instruments in which the needle or index moves to the extent of its deflection and stops with little or no further oscillation.
Deadborn	Stillborn.
Deadened	of Deaden
Deadening	of Deaden
Deaden	To make as dead; to impair in vigor, force, activity, or sensation; to lessen the force or acuteness of; to blunt; as, to deaden the natural powers or feelings; to deaden a sound.
Deaden	To lessen the velocity or momentum of; to retard; as, to deaden a ship's headway.
Deaden	To make vapid or spiritless; as, to deaden wine.
Deaden	To deprive of gloss or brilliancy; to obscure; as, to deaden gilding by a coat of size.
Deadener	One who, or that which, deadens or checks.
Dead-eye	A round, flattish, wooden block, encircled by a rope, or an iron band, and pierced with three holes to receive the lanyard; -- used to extend the shrouds and stays, and for other purposes. Called also deadman's eye.
Deadhead	One who receives free tickets for theaters, public conveyances, etc.
Deadhead	A buoy. See under Dead, a.
Dead-hearted	Having a dull, faint heart; spiritless; listless.
Deadhouse	A morgue; a place for the temporary reception and exposure of dead bodies.
Deadish	Somewhat dead, dull, or lifeless; deathlike.
Deadlatch	A kind of latch whose bolt may be so locked by a detent that it can not be opened from the inside by the handle, or from the outside by the latch key.
Deadlight	A strong shutter, made to fit open ports and keep out water in a storm.
Deadlihood	State of the dead.
Deadliness	The quality of being deadly.
Deadlock	A lock which is not self-latching, but requires a key to throw the bolt forward.
Deadlock	A counteraction of things, which produces an entire stoppage; a complete obstruction of action.
Deadly	Capable of causing death; mortal; fatal; destructive; certain or likely to cause death; as, a deadly blow or wound.
Deadly	Aiming or willing to destroy; implacable; desperately hostile; flagitious; as, deadly enemies.
Deadly	Subject to death; mortal.
Deadly	In a manner resembling, or as if produced by, death.
Deadly	In a manner to occasion death; mortally.
Deadly	In an implacable manner; destructively.
Deadly	Extremely.
Deadness	The state of being destitute of life, vigor, spirit, activity, etc.; dullness; inertness; languor; coldness; vapidness; indifference; as, the deadness of a limb, a body, or a tree; the deadness of an eye; deadness of the affections; the deadness of beer or cider; deadness to the world, and the like.
Dead-pay	Pay drawn for soldiers, or others, really dead, whose names are kept on the rolls.
Dead-reckoning	See under Dead, a.
Deads	The substances which inclose the ore on every side.
Dead-stroke	Making a stroke without recoil; deadbeat.
Deadwood	A mass of timbers built into the bow and stern of a vessel to give solidity.
Deadwood	Dead trees or branches; useless material.
Deadworks	The parts of a ship above the water when she is laden.
Deaf	Wanting the sense of hearing, either wholly or in part; unable to perceive sounds; hard of hearing; as, a deaf man.
Deaf	Unwilling to hear or listen; determinedly inattentive; regardless; not to be persuaded as to facts, argument, or exhortation; -- with to; as, deaf to reason.
Deaf	Deprived of the power of hearing; deafened.
Deaf	Obscurely heard; stifled; deadened.
Deaf	Decayed; tasteless; dead; as, a deaf nut; deaf corn.
Deaf	To deafen.
Deafened	of Deafen
Deafening	of Deafen
Deafen	To make deaf; to deprive of the power of hearing; to render incapable of perceiving sounds distinctly.
Deafen	To render impervious to sound, as a partition or floor, by filling the space within with mortar, by lining with paper, etc.
Deafening	The act or process of rendering impervious to sound, as a floor or wall; also, the material with which the spaces are filled in this process; pugging.
Deafly	Without sense of sounds; obscurely.
Deafly	Lonely; solitary.
Deaf-mute	A person who is deaf and dumb; one who, through deprivation or defect of hearing, has either failed the acquire the power of speech, or has lost it.
Deaf-mutism	The condition of being a deaf-mute.
Deafness	Incapacity of perceiving sounds; the state of the organs which prevents the impression which constitute hearing; want of the sense of hearing.
Deafness	Unwillingness to hear; voluntary rejection of what is addressed to the understanding.
Deal	A part or portion; a share; hence, an indefinite quantity, degree, or extent, degree, or extent; as, a deal of time and trouble; a deal of cold.
Deal	The process of dealing cards to the players; also, the portion disturbed.
Deal	Distribution; apportionment.
Deal	An arrangement to attain a desired result by a combination of interested parties; -- applied to stock speculations and political bargains.
Deal	The division of a piece of timber made by sawing; a board or plank; particularly, a board or plank of fir or pine above seven inches in width, and exceeding six feet in length. If narrower than this, it is called a batten; if shorter, a deal end.
Deal	Wood of the pine or fir; as, a floor of deal.
Dealt	of Deal
Dealing	of Deal
Deal	To divide; to separate in portions; hence, to give in portions; to distribute; to bestow successively; -- sometimes with out.
Deal	Specifically: To distribute, as cards, to the players at the commencement of a game; as, to deal the cards; to deal one a jack.
Deal	To make distribution; to share out in portions, as cards to the players.
Deal	To do a distributing or retailing business, as distinguished from that of a manufacturer or producer; to traffic; to trade; to do business; as, he deals in flour.
Deal	To act as an intermediary in business or any affairs; to manage; to make arrangements; -- followed by between or with.
Deal	To conduct one's self; to behave or act in any affair or towards any one; to treat.
Deal	To contend (with); to treat (with), by way of opposition, check, or correction; as, he has turbulent passions to deal with.
Dealbate	To whiten.
Dealbation	Act of bleaching; a whitening.
Dealer	One who deals; one who has to do, or has concern, with others; esp., a trader, a trafficker, a shopkeeper, a broker, or a merchant; as, a dealer in dry goods; a dealer in stocks; a retail dealer.
Dealer	One who distributes cards to the players.
Dealfish	A long, thin fish of the arctic seas (Trachypterus arcticus).
Dealing	The act of one who deals; distribution of anything, as of cards to the players; method of business; traffic; intercourse; transaction; as, to have dealings with a person.
Dealth	Share dealt.
Deambulate	To walk abroad.
Deambulation	A walking abroad; a promenading.
Deambulatory	Going about from place to place; wandering; of or pertaining to a deambulatory.
Deambulatory	A covered place in which to walk; an ambulatory.
Dean	A dignitary or presiding officer in certain ecclesiastical and lay bodies; esp., an ecclesiastical dignitary, subordinate to a bishop.
Dean	The collegiate officer in the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, England, who, besides other duties, has regard to the moral condition of the college.
Dean	The head or presiding officer in the faculty of some colleges or universities.
Dean	A registrar or secretary of the faculty in a department of a college, as in a medical, or theological, or scientific department.
Dean	The chief or senior of a company on occasion of ceremony; as, the dean of the diplomatic corps; -- so called by courtesy.
Deaneries	of Deanery
Deanery	The office or the revenue of a dean. See the Note under Benefice, n., 3.
Deanery	The residence of a dean.
Deanery	The territorial jurisdiction of a dean.
Deanship	The office of a dean.
Dear	Bearing a high price; high-priced; costly; expensive.
Dear	Marked by scarcity or dearth, and exorbitance of price; as, a dear year.
Dear	Highly valued; greatly beloved; cherished; precious.
Dear	Hence, close to the heart; heartfelt; present in mind; engaging the attention.
Dear	Of agreeable things and interests.
Dear	Of disagreeable things and antipathies.
Dear	A dear one; lover; sweetheart.
Dear	Dearly; at a high price.
Dear	To endear.
Dearborn	A four-wheeled carriage, with curtained sides.
Dear-bought	Bought at a high price; as, dear-bought experience.
Deare	variant of Dere, v. t. & n.
Dearie	Same as Deary.
Dearling	A darling.
Dear-loved	Greatly beloved.
Dearly	In a dear manner; with affection; heartily; earnestly; as, to love one dearly.
Dearly	At a high rate or price; grievously.
Dearly	Exquisitely.
Dearn	Secret; lonely; solitary; dreadful.
Dearn	Same as Darn.
Dearness	The quality or state of being dear; costliness; excess of price.
Dearness	Fondness; preciousness; love; tenderness.
Dearth	Scarcity which renders dear; want; lack; specifically, lack of food on account of failure of crops; famine.
Dearticulate	To disjoint.
Dearworth	Precious.
Deary	A dear; a darling.
Deas	See Dais.
Death	The cessation of all vital phenomena without capability of resuscitation, either in animals or plants.
Death	Total privation or loss; extinction; cessation; as, the death of memory.
Death	Manner of dying; act or state of passing from life.
Death	Cause of loss of life.
Death	Personified: The destroyer of life, -- conventionally represented as a skeleton with a scythe.
Death	Danger of death.
Death	Murder; murderous character.
Death	Loss of spiritual life.
Death	Anything so dreadful as to be like death.
Deathbed	The bed in which a person dies; hence, the closing hours of life of one who dies by sickness or the like; the last sickness.
Deathbird	Tengmalm's or Richardson's owl (Nyctale Tengmalmi); -- so called from a superstition of the North American Indians that its note presages death.
Deathblow	A mortal or crushing blow; a stroke or event which kills or destroys.
Deathful	Full of death or slaughter; murderous; destructive; bloody.
Deathful	Liable to undergo death; mortal.
Deathfulness	Appearance of death.
Deathless	Not subject to death, destruction, or extinction; immortal; undying; imperishable; as, deathless beings; deathless fame.
Deathlike	Resembling death.
Deathlike	Deadly.
Deathliness	The quality of being deathly; deadliness.
Deathly	Deadly; fatal; mortal; destructive.
Deathly	Deadly; as, deathly pale or sick.
Death's-head	A naked human skull as the emblem of death; the head of the conventional personification of death.
Death's-herb	The deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna).
Deathsman	An executioner; a headsman or hangman.
Deathward	Toward death.
Deathwatch	A small beetle (Anobium tessellatum and other allied species). By forcibly striking its head against woodwork it makes a ticking sound, which is a call of the sexes to each other, but has been imagined by superstitious people to presage death.
Deathwatch	A small wingless insect, of the family Psocidae, which makes a similar but fainter sound; -- called also deathtick.
Deathwatch	The guard set over a criminal before his execution.
Deaurate	Gilded.
Deaurate	To gild.
Deauration	Act of gilding.
Deave	To stun or stupefy with noise; to deafen.
Debacchate	To rave as a bacchanal.
Debacchation	Wild raving or debauchery.
Debacle	A breaking or bursting forth; a violent rush or flood of waters which breaks down opposing barriers, and hurls forward and disperses blocks of stone and other debris.
Debarred	of Debar
Debarring	of Debar
Debar	To cut off from entrance, as if by a bar or barrier; to preclude; to hinder from approach, entry, or enjoyment; to shut out or exclude; to deny or refuse; -- with from, and sometimes with of.
Debarb	To deprive of the beard.
Debarked	of Debark
Debarking	of Debark
Debark	To go ashore from a ship or boat; to disembark; to put ashore.
Debarkation	Disembarkation.
Debarment	Hindrance from approach; exclusion.
Debarrass	To disembarrass; to relieve.
Debased	of Debase
Debasing	of Debase
Debase	To reduce from a higher to a lower state or grade of worth, dignity, purity, station, etc.; to degrade; to lower; to deteriorate; to abase; as, to debase the character by crime; to debase the mind by frivolity; to debase style by vulgar words.
Debased	Turned upside down from its proper position; inverted; reversed.
Debasement	The act of debasing or the state of being debased.
Debaser	One who, or that which, debases.
Debasingly	In a manner to debase.
Debatable	Liable to be debated; disputable; subject to controversy or contention; open to question or dispute; as, a debatable question.
Debated	of Debate
Debating	of Debate
Debate	To engage in combat for; to strive for.
Debate	To contend for in words or arguments; to strive to maintain by reasoning; to dispute; to contest; to discuss; to argue for and against.
Debate	To engage in strife or combat; to fight.
Debate	To contend in words; to dispute; hence, to deliberate; to consider; to discuss or examine different arguments in the mind; -- often followed by on or upon.
Debate	A fight or fighting; contest; strife.
Debate	Contention in words or arguments; discussion for the purpose of elucidating truth or influencing action; strife in argument; controversy; as, the debates in Parliament or in Congress.
Debate	Subject of discussion.
Debateful	Full of contention; contentious; quarrelsome.
Debatefully	With contention.
Debatement	Controversy; deliberation; debate.
Debater	One who debates; one given to argument; a disputant; a controvertist.
Debating	The act of discussing or arguing; discussion.
Debatingly	In the manner of a debate.
Debauched	of Debauch
Debauching	of Debauch
Debauch	To lead away from purity or excellence; to corrupt in character or principles; to mar; to vitiate; to pollute; to seduce; as, to debauch one's self by intemperance; to debauch a woman; to debauch an army.
Debauch	Excess in eating or drinking; intemperance; drunkenness; lewdness; debauchery.
Debauch	An act or occasion of debauchery.
Debauched	Dissolute; dissipated.
Debauchedly	In a profligate manner.
Debauchedness	The state of being debauched; intemperance.
Debauchee	One who is given to intemperance or bacchanalian excesses; a man habitually lewd; a libertine.
Debaucher	One who debauches or corrupts others; especially, a seducer to lewdness.
Debaucheries	of Debauchery
Debauchery	Corruption of fidelity; seduction from virtue, duty, or allegiance.
Debauchery	Excessive indulgence of the appetites; especially, excessive indulgence of lust; intemperance; sensuality; habitual lewdness.
Debauchment	The act of corrupting; the act of seducing from virtue or duty.
Debauchness	Debauchedness.
Debeige	A kind of woolen or mixed dress goods.
Debel	To conquer.
Debellate	To subdue; to conquer in war.
Debellation	The act of conquering or subduing.
De bene esse	Of well being; of formal sufficiency for the time; conditionally; provisionally.
Debenture	A writing acknowledging a debt; a writing or certificate signed by a public officer, as evidence of a debt due to some person; the sum thus due.
Debenture	A customhouse certificate entitling an exporter of imported goods to a drawback of duties paid on their importation.
Debentured	Entitled to drawback or debenture; as, debentured goods.
Debile	Weak.
Debilitant	Diminishing the energy of organs; reducing excitement; as, a debilitant drug.
Debilitated	of Debilitate
Debilitating	of Debilitate
Debilitate	To impair the strength of; to weaken; to enfeeble; as, to debilitate the body by intemperance.
Debilitation	The act or process of debilitating, or the condition of one who is debilitated; weakness.
Debility	The state of being weak; weakness; feebleness; languor.
Debit	A debt; an entry on the debtor (Dr.) side of an account; -- mostly used adjectively; as, the debit side of an account.
Debited	of Debit
Debiting	of Debit
Debit	To charge with debt; -- the opposite of, and correlative to, credit; as, to debit a purchaser for the goods sold.
Debit	To enter on the debtor (Dr.) side of an account; as, to debit the amount of goods sold.
Debitor	A debtor.
Debituminization	The act of depriving of bitumen.
Debituminize	To deprive of bitumen.
Deblai	The cavity from which the earth for parapets, etc. (remblai), is taken.
Debonair	Characterized by courteousness, affability, or gentleness; of good appearance and manners; graceful; complaisant.
Debonairity	Debonairness.
Debonairly	Courteously; elegantly.
Debonairness	The quality of being debonair; good humor; gentleness; courtesy.
Debosh	To debauch.
Deboshment	Debauchment.
Debouched	of Debouch
Debouching	of Debouch
Debouch	To march out from a wood, defile, or other confined spot, into open ground; to issue.
Debouche	A place for exit; an outlet; hence, a market for goods.
Debouchure	The outward opening of a river, of a valley, or of a strait.
Debris	Broken and detached fragments, taken collectively; especially, fragments detached from a rock or mountain, and piled up at the base.
Debris	Rubbish, especially such as results from the destruction of anything; remains; ruins.
Debruised	Surmounted by an ordinary; as, a lion is debruised when a bend or other ordinary is placed over it, as in the cut.
Debt	That which is due from one person to another, whether money, goods, or services; that which one person is bound to pay to another, or to perform for his benefit; thing owed; obligation; liability.
Debt	A duty neglected or violated; a fault; a sin; a trespass.
Debt	An action at law to recover a certain specified sum of money alleged to be due.
Debted	Indebted; obliged to.
Debtee	One to whom a debt is due; creditor; -- correlative to debtor.
Debtless	Free from debt.
Debtor	One who owes a debt; one who is indebted; -- correlative to creditor.
Debulliate	To boil over.
Debulition	A bubbling or boiling over.
Deburse	To disburse.
Debuscope	A modification of the kaleidoscope; -- used to reflect images so as to form beautiful designs.
Debut	A beginning or first attempt; hence, a first appearance before the public, as of an actor or public speaker.
Debutant	Alt. of Debutante
Debutante	A person who makes his (or her) first appearance before the public.
Deca-	A prefix, from Gr. de`ka, signifying ten; specifically (Metric System), a prefix signifying the weight or measure that is ten times the principal unit.
Decacerata	The division of Cephalopoda which includes the squids, cuttlefishes, and others having ten arms or tentacles; -- called also Decapoda. [Written also Decacera.] See Dibranchiata.
Decachord	Alt. of Decachordon
Decachordon	An ancient Greek musical instrument of ten strings, resembling the harp.
Decachordon	Something consisting of ten parts.
Decucuminated	Having the point or top cut off.
Decad	A decade.
Decadal	Pertaining to ten; consisting of tens.
Decade	A group or division of ten; esp., a period of ten years; a decennium; as, a decade of years or days; a decade of soldiers; the second decade of Livy.
Decadence	Alt. of Decadency
Decadency	A falling away; decay; deterioration; declension. "The old castle, where the family lived in their decadence."
Decadent	Decaying; deteriorating.
Decadist	A writer of a book divided into decades; as, Livy was a decadist.
Decagon	A plane figure having ten sides and ten angles; any figure having ten angles. A regular decagon is one that has all its sides and angles equal.
Decagonal	Pertaining to a decagon; having ten sides.
Decagram	Alt. of Decagramme
Decagramme	A weight of the metric system; ten grams, equal to about 154.32 grains avoirdupois.
Decagynia	A Linnaean order of plants characterized by having ten styles.
Decagynian	Alt. of Deccagynous
Deccagynous	Belonging to the Decagynia; having ten styles.
Decahedral	Having ten sides.
Decahedrons	of Decahedron
Decahedra	of Decahedron
Decahedron	A solid figure or body inclosed by ten plane surfaces.
Decalcification	The removal of calcareous matter.
Decalcified	of Decalcify
Decalcifying	of Decalcify
Decalcify	To deprive of calcareous matter; thus, to decalcify bones is to remove the stony part, and leave only the gelatin.
Decalcomania	Alt. of Decalcomanie
Decalcomanie	The art or process of transferring pictures and designs to china, glass, marble, etc., and permanently fixing them thereto.
Decaliter	Alt. of Decalitre
Decalitre	A measure of capacity in the metric system; a cubic volume of ten liters, equal to about 610.24 cubic inches, that is, 2.642 wine gallons.
Decalog	Decalogue.
Decalogist	One who explains the decalogue.
Decalogue	The Ten Commandments or precepts given by God to Moses on Mount Sinai, and originally written on two tables of stone.
Decameron	A celebrated collection of tales, supposed to be related in ten days; -- written in the 14th century, by Boccaccio, an Italian.
Decameter	Alt. of Decametre
Decametre	A measure of length in the metric system; ten meters, equal to about 393.7 inches.
Decamped	of Decamp
Decamping	of Decamp
Decamp	To break up a camp; to move away from a camping ground, usually by night or secretly.
Decamp	Hence, to depart suddenly; to run away; -- generally used disparagingly.
Decampment	Departure from a camp; a marching off.
Decanal	Pertaining to a dean or deanery.
Decandria	A Linnaean class of plants characterized by having ten stamens.
Decandrian	Alt. of Decandrous
Decandrous	Belonging to the Decandria; having ten stamens.
Decane	A liquid hydrocarbon, C10H22, of the paraffin series, including several isomeric modifications.
Decangular	Having ten angles.
Decani	Used of the side of the choir on which the dean's stall is placed; decanal; -- correlative to cantoris; as, the decanal, or decani, side.
Decanted	of Decant
Decanting	of Decant
Decant	To pour off gently, as liquor, so as not to disturb the sediment; or to pour from one vessel into another; as, to decant wine.
Decantate	To decant.
Decantation	The act of pouring off a clear liquor gently from its lees or sediment, or from one vessel into another.
Decanter	A vessel used to decant liquors, or for receiving decanted liquors; a kind of glass bottle used for holding wine or other liquors, from which drinking glasses are filled.
Decanter	One who decants liquors.
Decaphyllous	Having ten leaves.
Decapitated	of Decapitate
Decapitating	of Decapitate
Decapitate	To cut off the head of; to behead.
Decapitate	To remove summarily from office.
Decapitation	The act of beheading; beheading.
Decapod	A crustacean with ten feet or legs, as a crab; one of the Decapoda. Also used adjectively.
Decapoda	The order of Crustacea which includes the shrimps, lobsters, crabs, etc.
Decapoda	A division of the dibranchiate cephalopods including the cuttlefishes and squids. See Decacera.
Deccapodal	Alt. of Deccapodous
Deccapodous	Belonging to the decapods; having ten feet; ten-footed.
Decarbonate	To deprive of carbonic acid.
Decarbonization	The action or process of depriving a substance of carbon.
Decarbonized	of Decarbonize
Decarbonizing	of Decarbonize
Decarbonize	To deprive of carbon; as, to decarbonize steel; to decarbonize the blood.
Decarbonizer	He who, or that which, decarbonizes a substance.
Decarburization	The act, process, or result of decarburizing.
Decarburize	To deprive of carbon; to remove the carbon from.
Decard	To discard.
Decardinalize	To depose from the rank of cardinal.
Decastere	A measure of capacity, equal to ten steres, or ten cubic meters.
Decastich	A poem consisting of ten lines.
Decastyle	Having ten columns in front; -- said of a portico, temple, etc.
Decastyle	A portico having ten pillars or columns in front.
Decasyllabic	Having, or consisting of, ten syllables.
Decatoic	Pertaining to, or derived from, decane.
Decayed	of Decay
Decaying	of Decay
Decay	To pass gradually from a sound, prosperous, or perfect state, to one of imperfection, adversity, or dissolution; to waste away; to decline; to fail; to become weak, corrupt, or disintegrated; to rot; to perish; as, a tree decays; fortunes decay; hopes decay.
Decay	To cause to decay; to impair.
Decay	To destroy.
Decay	Gradual failure of health, strength, soundness, prosperity, or of any species of excellence or perfection; tendency toward dissolution or extinction; corruption; rottenness; decline; deterioration; as, the decay of the body; the decay of virtue; the decay of the Roman empire; a castle in decay.
Decay	Destruction; death.
Decay	Cause of decay.
Decayed	Fallen, as to physical or social condition; affected with decay; rotten; as, decayed vegetation or vegetables; a decayed fortune or gentleman.
Decayer	A causer of decay.
Decease	Departure, especially departure from this life; death.
Deceased	of Decease
Deceasing	of Decease
Decease	To depart from this life; to die; to pass away.
Deceased	Passed away; dead; gone.
Decede	To withdraw.
Decedent	Removing; departing.
Decedent	A deceased person.
Deceit	An attempt or disposition to deceive or lead into error; any declaration, artifice, or practice, which misleads another, or causes him to believe what is false; a contrivance to entrap; deception; a wily device; fraud.
Deceit	Any trick, collusion, contrivance, false representation, or underhand practice, used to defraud another. When injury is thereby effected, an action of deceit, as it called, lies for compensation.
Deceitful	Full of, or characterized by, deceit; serving to mislead or insnare; trickish; fraudulent; cheating; insincere.
Deceitfully	With intent to deceive.
Deceitfulness	The disposition to deceive; as, a man's deceitfulness may be habitual.
Deceitfulness	The quality of being deceitful; as, the deceitfulness of a man's practices.
Deceitfulness	Tendency to mislead or deceive.
Deceitless	Free from deceit.
Deceivable	Fitted to deceive; deceitful.
Deceivable	Subject to deceit; capable of being misled.
Deceivableness	Capability of deceiving.
Deceivableness	Liability to be deceived or misled; as, the deceivableness of a child.
Deceivably	In a deceivable manner.
Deceived	of Deceive
Deceiving	of Deceive
Deceive	To lead into error; to cause to believe what is false, or disbelieve what is true; to impose upon; to mislead; to cheat; to disappoint; to delude; to insnare.
Deceive	To beguile; to amuse, so as to divert the attention; to while away; to take away as if by deception.
Deceive	To deprive by fraud or stealth; to defraud.
Deceiver	One who deceives; one who leads into error; a cheat; an impostor.
December	The twelfth and last month of the year, containing thirty-one days. During this month occurs the winter solstice.
December	Fig.: With reference to the end of the year and to the winter season; as, the December of his life.
Decemdentate	Having ten points or teeth.
Decemfid	Cleft into ten parts.
Decemlocular	Having ten cells for seeds.
Decempedal	Ten feet in length.
Decempedal	Having ten feet; decapodal.
Decemvirs	of Decemvir
Decemviri	of Decemvir
Decemvir	One of a body of ten magistrates in ancient Rome.
Decemvir	A member of any body of ten men in authority.
Decemviral	Pertaining to the decemvirs in Rome.
Decemvirate	The office or term of office of the decemvirs in Rome.
Decemvirate	A body of ten men in authority.
Decemvirship	The office of a decemvir.
Decence	Decency.
Decencies	of Decency
Decency	The quality or state of being decent, suitable, or becoming, in words or behavior; propriety of form in social intercourse, in actions, or in discourse; proper formality; becoming ceremony; seemliness; hence, freedom from obscenity or indecorum; modesty.
Decency	That which is proper or becoming.
Decene	One of the higher hydrocarbons, C10H20, of the ethylene series.
Decennaries	of Decennary
Decennary	A period of ten years.
Decennary	A tithing consisting of ten neighboring families.
Decennial	Consisting of ten years; happening every ten years; as, a decennial period; decennial games.
Decennial	A tenth year or tenth anniversary.
Decenniums	of Decennium
Decennia	of Decennium
Decennium	A period of ten years.
Decennoval	Alt. of Decennovary
Decennovary	Pertaining to the number nineteen; of nineteen years.
Decent	Suitable in words, behavior, dress, or ceremony; becoming; fit; decorous; proper; seemly; as, decent conduct; decent language.
Decent	Free from immodesty or obscenity; modest.
Decent	Comely; shapely; well-formed.
Decent	Moderate, but competent; sufficient; hence, respectable; fairly good; reasonably comfortable or satisfying; as, a decent fortune; a decent person.
Decentralization	The action of decentralizing, or the state of being decentralized.
Decentralize	To prevent from centralizing; to cause to withdraw from the center or place of concentration; to divide and distribute (what has been united or concentrated); -- esp. said of authority, or the administration of public affairs.
Deceptible	Capable of being deceived; deceivable.
Deception	The act of deceiving or misleading.
Deception	The state of being deceived or misled.
Deception	That which deceives or is intended to deceive; false representation; artifice; cheat; fraud.
Deceptious	Tending deceive; delusive.
Deceptive	Tending to deceive; having power to mislead, or impress with false opinions; as, a deceptive countenance or appearance.
Deceptively	In a manner to deceive.
Deceptiveness	The power or habit of deceiving; tendency or aptness to deceive.
Deceptivity	Deceptiveness; a deception; a sham.
Deceptory	Deceptive.
Decern	To perceive, discern, or decide.
Decern	To decree; to adjudge.
Decerniture	A decree or sentence of a court.
Decerp	To pluck off; to crop; to gather.
Decerpt	Plucked off or away.
Decerptible	That may be plucked off, cropped, or torn away.
Decerption	The act of plucking off; a cropping.
Decerption	That which is plucked off or rent away; a fragment; a piece.
Decertation	Contest for mastery; contention; strife.
Decession	Departure; decrease; -- opposed to accesion.
Decharm	To free from a charm; to disenchant.
Dechristianized	of Dechristianize
Dechristianizing	of Dechristianize
Dechristianize	To turn from, or divest of, Christianity.
Decidable	Capable of being decided; determinable.
Decided	of Decide
Deciding	of Decide
Decide	To cut off; to separate.
Decide	To bring to a termination, as a question, controversy, struggle, by giving the victory to one side or party; to render judgment concerning; to determine; to settle.
Decide	To determine; to form a definite opinion; to come to a conclusion; to give decision; as, the court decided in favor of the defendant.
Decided	Free from ambiguity; unequivocal; unmistakable; unquestionable; clear; evident; as, a decided advantage.
Decided	Free from doubt or wavering; determined; of fixed purpose; fully settled; positive; resolute; as, a decided opinion or purpose.
Decidedly	In a decided manner; indisputably; clearly; thoroughly.
Decidement	Means of forming a decision.
Decidence	A falling off.
Decider	One who decides.
Decidua	The inner layer of the wall of the uterus, which envelops the embryo, forms a part of the placenta, and is discharged with it.
Deciduata	A group of Mammalia in which a decidua is thrown off with, or after, the fetus, as in the human species.
Deciduate	Possessed of, or characterized by, a decidua.
Deciduity	Deciduousness.
Deciduous	Falling off, or subject to fall or be shed, at a certain season, or a certain stage or interval of growth, as leaves (except of evergreens) in autumn, or as parts of animals, such as hair, teeth, antlers, etc.; also, shedding leaves or parts at certain seasons, stages, or intervals; as, deciduous trees; the deciduous membrane.
Deciduousness	The quality or state of being deciduous.
Decigram	Alt. of Decigramme
Decigramme	A weight in the metric system; one tenth of a gram, equal to 1.5432 grains avoirdupois.
Decil	Alt. of Decile
Decile	An aspect or position of two planets, when they are distant from each other a tenth part of the zodiac, or 36¡.
Deciliter	Alt. of Decilitre
Decilitre	A measure of capacity or volume in the metric system; one tenth of a liter, equal to 6.1022 cubic inches, or 3.38 fluid ounces.
Decillion	According to the English notation, a million involved to the tenth power, or a unit with sixty ciphers annexed; according to the French and American notation, a thousand involved to the eleventh power, or a unit with thirty-three ciphers annexed. [See the Note under Numeration.]
Decillionth	Pertaining to a decillion, or to the quotient of unity divided by a decillion.
Decillionth	The quotient of unity divided by a decillion.
Decillionth	One of a decillion equal parts.
Decimal	Of or pertaining to decimals; numbered or proceeding by tens; having a tenfold increase or decrease, each unit being ten times the unit next smaller; as, decimal notation; a decimal coinage.
Decimal	A number expressed in the scale of tens; specifically, and almost exclusively, used as synonymous with a decimal fraction.
Decimalism	The system of a decimal currency, decimal weights, measures, etc.
Decimalize	To reduce to a decimal system; as, to decimalize the currency.
Decimally	By tens; by means of decimals.
Decimated	of Decimate
Decimating	of Decimate
Decimate	To take the tenth part of; to tithe.
Decimate	To select by lot and punish with death every tenth man of; as, to decimate a regiment as a punishment for mutiny.
Decimate	To destroy a considerable part of; as, to decimate an army in battle; to decimate a people by disease.
Decimation	A tithing.
Decimation	A selection of every tenth person by lot, as for punishment.
Decimation	The destruction of any large proportion, as of people by pestilence or war.
Decimator	One who decimates.
Decime	A French coin, the tenth part of a franc, equal to about two cents.
Decimeter	Alt. of Decimetre
Decimetre	A measure of length in the metric system; one tenth of a meter, equal to 3.937 inches.
Decimosexto	A book consisting of sheets, each of which is folded into sixteen leaves; hence, indicating, more or less definitely, a size of book; -- usually written 16mo or 16¡.
Decimosexto	Having sixteen leaves to a sheet; as, a decimosexto form, book, leaf, size.
Decine	One of the higher hydrocarbons, C10H15, of the acetylene series; -- called also decenylene.
Deciphered	of Decipher
Deciphering	of Decipher
Decipher	To translate from secret characters or ciphers into intelligible terms; as, to decipher a letter written in secret characters.
Decipher	To find out, so as to be able to make known the meaning of; to make out or read, as words badly written or partly obliterated; to detect; to reveal; to unfold.
Decipher	To stamp; to detect; to discover.
Decipherable	Capable of being deciphered; as, old writings not decipherable.
Decipherer	One who deciphers.
Decipheress	A woman who deciphers.
Decipherment	The act of deciphering.
Decipiency	State of being deceived; hallucination.
Decipium	A supposed rare element, said to be associated with cerium, yttrium, etc., in the mineral samarskite, and more recently called samarium. Symbol Dp. See Samarium.
Decision	Cutting off; division; detachment of a part.
Decision	The act of deciding; act of settling or terminating, as a controversy, by giving judgment on the matter at issue; determination, as of a question or doubt; settlement; conclusion.
Decision	An account or report of a conclusion, especially of a legal adjudication or judicial determination of a question or cause; as, a decision of arbitrators; a decision of the Supreme Court.
Decision	The quality of being decided; prompt and fixed determination; unwavering firmness; as, to manifest great decision.
Decisive	Having the power or quality of deciding a question or controversy; putting an end to contest or controversy; final; conclusive.
Decisive	Marked by promptness and decision.
Decisory	Able to decide or determine; having a tendency to decide.
Decistere	The tenth part of the stere or cubic meter, equal to 3.531 cubic feet. See Stere.
Decitizenize	To deprive of the rights of citizenship.
Decivilize	To reduce from civilization to a savage state.
Decked	of Deck
Decking	of Deck
Deck	To cover; to overspread.
Deck	To dress, as the person; to clothe; especially, to clothe with more than ordinary elegance; to array; to adorn; to embellish.
Deck	To furnish with a deck, as a vessel.
Deck	The floorlike covering of the horizontal sections, or compartments, of a ship. Small vessels have only one deck; larger ships have two or three decks.
Deck	The upper part or top of a mansard roof or curb roof when made nearly flat.
Deck	The roof of a passenger car.
Deck	A pack or set of playing cards.
Deck	A heap or store.
Deckel	Same as Deckle.
Decker	One who, or that which, decks or adorns; a coverer; as, a table decker.
Decker	A vessel which has a deck or decks; -- used esp. in composition; as, a single-decker; a three-decker.
Deckle	A separate thin wooden frame used to form the border of a hand mold, or a curb of India rubber or other material which rests on, and forms the edge of, the mold in a paper machine and determines the width of the paper.
Declaimed	of Declaim
Declaiming	of Declaim
Declaim	To speak rhetorically; to make a formal speech or oration; to harangue; specifically, to recite a speech, poem, etc., in public as a rhetorical exercise; to practice public speaking; as, the students declaim twice a week.
Declaim	To speak for rhetorical display; to speak pompously, noisily, or theatrically; to make an empty speech; to rehearse trite arguments in debate; to rant.
Declaim	To utter in public; to deliver in a rhetorical or set manner.
Declaim	To defend by declamation; to advocate loudly.
Declaimant	A declaimer.
Declaimer	One who declaims; an haranguer.
Declamation	The act or art of declaiming; rhetorical delivery; haranguing; loud speaking in public; especially, the public recitation of speeches as an exercise in schools and colleges; as, the practice declamation by students.
Declamation	A set or harangue; declamatory discourse.
Declamation	Pretentious rhetorical display, with more sound than sense; as, mere declamation.
Declamator	A declaimer.
Declamatory	Pertaining to declamation; treated in the manner of a rhetorician; as, a declamatory theme.
Declamatory	Characterized by rhetorical display; pretentiously rhetorical; without solid sense or argument; bombastic; noisy; as, a declamatory way or style.
Declarable	Capable of being declared.
Declarant	One who declares.
Declaration	The act of declaring, or publicly announcing; explicit asserting; undisguised token of a ground or side taken on any subject; proclamation; exposition; as, the declaration of an opinion; a declaration of war, etc.
Declaration	That which is declared or proclaimed; announcement; distinct statement; formal expression; avowal.
Declaration	The document or instrument containing such statement or proclamation; as, the Declaration of Independence (now preserved in Washington).
Declaration	That part of the process in which the plaintiff sets forth in order and at large his cause of complaint; the narration of the plaintiff's case containing the count, or counts. See Count, n., 3.
Declarative	Making declaration, proclamation, or publication; explanatory; assertive; declaratory.
Declaratively	By distinct assertion; not impliedly; in the form of a declaration.
Declarator	A form of action by which some right or interest is sought to be judicially declared.
Declaratorily	In a declaratory manner.
Declaratory	Making declaration, explanation, or exhibition; making clear or manifest; affirmative; expressive; as, a clause declaratory of the will of the legislature.
Declared	of Declare
Declaring	of Declare
Declare	To make clear; to free from obscurity.
Declare	To make known by language; to communicate or manifest explicitly and plainly in any way; to exhibit; to publish; to proclaim; to announce.
Declare	To make declaration of; to assert; to affirm; to set forth; to avow; as, he declares the story to be false.
Declare	To make full statement of, as goods, etc., for the purpose of paying taxes, duties, etc.
Declare	To make a declaration, or an open and explicit avowal; to proclaim one's self; -- often with for or against; as, victory declares against the allies.
Declare	To state the plaintiff's cause of action at law in a legal form; as, the plaintiff declares in trespass.
Declaredly	Avowedly; explicitly.
Declaredness	The state of being declared.
Declarement	Declaration.
Declarer	One who makes known or proclaims; that which exhibits.
Declension	The act or the state of declining; declination; descent; slope.
Declension	A falling off towards a worse state; a downward tendency; deterioration; decay; as, the declension of virtue, of science, of a state, etc.
Declension	Act of courteously refusing; act of declining; a declinature; refusal; as, the declension of a nomination.
Declension	Inflection of nouns, adjectives, etc., according to the grammatical cases.
Declension	The form of the inflection of a word declined by cases; as, the first or the second declension of nouns, adjectives, etc. 
Declension	Rehearsing a word as declined.
Declensional	Belonging to declension.
Declinable	Capable of being declined; admitting of declension or inflection; as, declinable parts of speech.
Declinal	Declining; sloping.
Declinate	Bent downward or aside; (Bot.) bending downward in a curve; declined.
Declination	The act or state of bending downward; inclination; as, declination of the head.
Declination	The act or state of falling off or declining from excellence or perfection; deterioration; decay; decline.
Declination	The act of deviating or turning aside; oblique motion; obliquity; withdrawal.
Declination	The act or state of declining or refusing; withdrawal; refusal; averseness.
Declination	The angular distance of any object from the celestial equator, either northward or southward.
Declination	The arc of the horizon, contained between the vertical plane and the prime vertical circle, if reckoned from the east or west, or between the meridian and the plane, reckoned from the north or south.
Declination	The act of inflecting a word; declension. See Decline, v. t., 4.
Declinator	An instrument for taking the declination or angle which a plane makes with the horizontal plane.
Declinator	A dissentient.
Declinatory	Containing or involving a declination or refusal, as of submission to a charge or sentence.
Declinature	The act of declining or refusing; as, the declinature of an office.
Declined	of Decline
Declining	of Decline
Decline	To bend, or lean downward; to take a downward direction; to bend over or hang down, as from weakness, weariness, despondency, etc.; to condescend.
Decline	To tend or draw towards a close, decay, or extinction; to tend to a less perfect state; to become diminished or impaired; to fail; to sink; to diminish; to lessen; as, the day declines; virtue declines; religion declines; business declines.
Decline	To turn or bend aside; to deviate; to stray; to withdraw; as, a line that declines from straightness; conduct that declines from sound morals.
Decline	To turn away; to shun; to refuse; -- the opposite of accept or consent; as, he declined, upon principle.
Decline	To bend downward; to bring down; to depress; to cause to bend, or fall.
Decline	To cause to decrease or diminish.
Decline	To put or turn aside; to turn off or away from; to refuse to undertake or comply with; reject; to shun; to avoid; as, to decline an offer; to decline a contest; he declined any participation with them.
Decline	To inflect, or rehearse in order the changes of grammatical form of; as, to decline a noun or an adjective.
Decline	To run through from first to last; to repeat like a schoolboy declining a noun.
Decline	A falling off; a tendency to a worse state; diminution or decay; deterioration; also, the period when a thing is tending toward extinction or a less perfect state; as, the decline of life; the decline of strength; the decline of virtue and religion.
Decline	That period of a disorder or paroxysm when the symptoms begin to abate in violence; as, the decline of a fever.
Decline	A gradual sinking and wasting away of the physical faculties; any wasting disease, esp. pulmonary consumption; as, to die of a decline.
Declined	Declinate.
Decliner	He who declines or rejects.
Declinometer	An instrument for measuring the declination of the magnetic needle.
Declinous	Declinate.
Declivitous	Alt. of Declivous
Declivous	Descending gradually; moderately steep; sloping; downhill.
Declivities	of Declivity
Declivity	Deviation from a horizontal line; gradual descent of surface; inclination downward; slope; -- opposed to acclivity, or ascent; the same slope, considered as descending, being a declivity, which, considered as ascending, is an acclivity.
Declivity	A descending surface; a sloping place.
Decocted	of Decoct
Decocting	of Decoct
Decoct	To prepare by boiling; to digest in hot or boiling water; to extract the strength or flavor of by boiling; to make an infusion of.
Decoct	To prepare by the heat of the stomach for assimilation; to digest; to concoct.
Decoct	To warm, strengthen, or invigorate, as if by boiling.
Decoctible	Capable of being boiled or digested.
Decoction	The act or process of boiling anything in a watery fluid to extract its virtues.
Decoction	An extract got from a body by boiling it in water.
Decocture	A decoction.
Decollated	of Decollate
Decollating	of Decollate
Decollate	To sever from the neck; to behead; to decapitate.
Decollated	Decapitated; worn or cast off in the process of growth, as the apex of certain univalve shells.
Decollation	The act of beheading or state of one beheaded; -- especially used of the execution of St. John the Baptist.
Decollation	A painting representing the beheading of a saint or martyr, esp. of St. John the Baptist.
Decollete	Leaving the neck and shoulders uncovered; cut low in the neck, or low-necked, as a dress.
Decolling	Beheading.
Decolor	To deprive of color; to bleach.
Decolorant	A substance which removes color, or bleaches.
Decolorate	Deprived of color.
Decolorate	To decolor.
Decoloration	The removal or absence of color.
Decolorize	To deprive of color; to whiten.
Decomplex	Repeatedly compound; made up of complex constituents.
Decomposable	Capable of being resolved into constituent elements.
Decomposed	of Decompose
Decomposing	of Decompose
Decompose	To separate the constituent parts of; to resolve into original elements; to set free from previously existing forms of chemical combination; to bring to dissolution; to rot or decay.
Decompose	To become resolved or returned from existing combinations; to undergo dissolution; to decay; to rot.
Decomposed	Separated or broken up; -- said of the crest of birds when the feathers are divergent.
Decomposite	Compounded more than once; compounded with things already composite.
Decomposite	See Decompound, a., 2.
Decomposite	Anything decompounded.
Decomposition	The act or process of resolving the constituent parts of a compound body or substance into its elementary parts; separation into constituent part; analysis; the decay or dissolution consequent on the removal or alteration of some of the ingredients of a compound; disintegration; as, the decomposition of wood, rocks, etc.
Decomposition	The state of being reduced into original elements.
Decomposition	Repeated composition; a combination of compounds.
Decompounded	of Decompound
Decompounding	of Decompound
Decompound	To compound or mix with that is already compound; to compound a second time.
Decompound	To reduce to constituent parts; to decompose.
Decompound	Compound of what is already compounded; compounded a second time.
Decompound	Several times compounded or divided, as a leaf or stem; decomposite.
Decompound	A decomposite.
Decompoundable	Capable of being decompounded.
Deconcentrate	To withdraw from concentration; to decentralize.
Deconcentration	Act of deconcentrating.
Deconcoct	To decompose.
Deconsecrate	To deprive of sacredness; to secularize.
Decorament	Ornament.
Decorated	of Decorate
Decorating	of Decorate
Decorate	To deck with that which is becoming, ornamental, or honorary; to adorn; to beautify; to embellish; as, to decorate the person; to decorate an edifice; to decorate a lawn with flowers; to decorate the mind with moral beauties; to decorate a hero with honors.
Decoration	The act of adorning, embellishing, or honoring; ornamentation.
Decoration	That which adorns, enriches, or beautifies; something added by way of embellishment; ornament.
Decoration	Specifically, any mark of honor to be worn upon the person, as a medal, cross, or ribbon of an order of knighthood, bestowed for services in war, great achievements in literature, art, etc.
Decorative	Suited to decorate or embellish; adorning.
Decorator	One who decorates, adorns, or embellishes; specifically, an artisan whose business is the decoration of houses, esp. their interior decoration.
Decore	To decorate; to beautify.
Decorement	Ornament.
Decorous	Suitable to a character, or to the time, place, and occasion; marked with decorum; becoming; proper; seemly; befitting; as, a decorous speech; decorous behavior; a decorous dress for a judge.
Decorticated	of Decorticate
Decorticating	of Decorticate
Decorticate	To divest of the bark, husk, or exterior coating; to husk; to peel; to hull.
Decortication	The act of stripping off the bark, rind, hull, or outer coat.
Decorticator	A machine for decorticating wood, hulling grain, etc.; also, an instrument for removing surplus bark or moss from fruit trees.
Decorum	Propriety of manner or conduct; grace arising from suitableness of speech and behavior to one's own character, or to the place and occasion; decency of conduct; seemliness; that which is seemly or suitable.
Decoyed	of Decoy
Decoying	of Decoy
Decoy	To lead into danger by artifice; to lure into a net or snare; to entrap; to insnare; to allure; to entice; as, to decoy troops into an ambush; to decoy ducks into a net.
Decoy	Anything intended to lead into a snare; a lure that deceives and misleads into danger, or into the power of an enemy; a bait.
Decoy	A fowl, or the likeness of one, used by sportsmen to entice other fowl into a net or within shot.
Decoy	A place into which wild fowl, esp. ducks, are enticed in order to take or shoot them.
Decoy	A person employed by officers of justice, or parties exposed to injury, to induce a suspected person to commit an offense under circumstances that will lead to his detection.
Decoy-duck	A duck used to lure wild ducks into a decoy; hence, a person employed to lure others into danger.
Decoyer	One who decoys another.
Decoy-men	of Decoy-man
Decoy-man	A man employed in decoying wild fowl.
Decreased	of Decrease
Decreasing	of Decrease
Decrease	To grow less, -- opposed to increase; to be diminished gradually, in size, degree, number, duration, etc., or in strength, quality, or excellence; as, they days decrease in length from June to December.
Decrease	To cause to grow less; to diminish gradually; as, extravagance decreases one's means.
Decrease	A becoming less; gradual diminution; decay; as, a decrease of revenue or of strength.
Decrease	The wane of the moon.
Decreaseless	Suffering no decrease.
Decreasing	Becoming less and less; diminishing.
Decreation	Destruction; -- opposed to creation.
Decree	An order from one having authority, deciding what is to be done by a subordinate; also, a determination by one having power, deciding what is to be done or to take place; edict, law; authoritative ru// decision.
Decree	A decision, order, or sentence, given in a cause by a court of equity or admiralty.
Decree	A determination or judgment of an umpire on a case submitted to him.
Decree	An edict or law made by a council for regulating any business within their jurisdiction; as, the decrees of ecclesiastical councils.
Decreed	of Decree
Decreeing	of Decree
Decree	To determine judicially by authority, or by decree; to constitute by edict; to appoint by decree or law; to determine; to order; to ordain; as, a court decrees a restoration of property.
Decree	To ordain by fate.
Decree	To make decrees; -- used absolutely.
Decreeable	Capable of being decreed.
Decreer	One who decrees.
Decreet	The final judgment of the Court of Session, or of an inferior court, by which the question at issue is decided.
Decrement	The state of becoming gradually less; decrease; diminution; waste; loss.
Decrement	The quantity lost by gradual diminution or waste; -- opposed to increment.
Decrement	A name given by Hauy to the successive diminution of the layers of molecules, applied to the faces of the primitive form, by which he supposed the secondary forms to be produced.
Decrement	The quantity by which a variable is diminished.
Decrepit	Broken down with age; wasted and enfeebled by the infirmities of old age; feeble; worn out.
Decrepitated	of Decrepitate
Decrepitating	of Decrepitate
Decrepitate	To roast or calcine so as to cause a crackling noise; as, to decrepitate salt.
Decrepitate	To crackle, as salt in roasting.
Decrepitation	The act of decrepitating; a crackling noise, such as salt makes when roasting.
Decrepitness	Decrepitude.
Decrepitude	The broken state produced by decay and the infirmities of age; infirm old age.
Decrescendo	With decreasing volume of sound; -- a direction to performers, either written upon the staff (abbreviated Dec., or Decresc.), or indicated by the sign.
Decrescent	Becoming less by gradual diminution; decreasing; as, a decrescent moon.
Decrescent	A crescent with the horns directed towards the sinister.
Decretal	Appertaining to a decree; containing a decree; as, a decretal epistle.
Decretal	An authoritative order or decree; especially, a letter of the pope, determining some point or question in ecclesiastical law. The decretals form the second part of the canon law.
Decretal	The collection of ecclesiastical decrees and decisions made, by order of Gregory IX., in 1234, by St. Raymond of Pennafort.
Decrete	A decree.
Decretion	A decrease.
Decretist	One who studies, or professes the knowledge of, the decretals.
Decretive	Having the force of a decree; determining.
Decretorial	Decretory; authoritative.
Decretorily	In a decretory or definitive manner; by decree.
Decretory	Established by a decree; definitive; settled.
Decretory	Serving to determine; critical.
Decrew	To decrease.
Decrial	A crying down; a clamorous censure; condemnation by censure.
Decrier	One who decries.
Decrown	To deprive of a crown; to discrown.
Decrustation	The removal of a crust.
Decried	of Decry
Decrying	of Decry
Decry	To cry down; to censure as faulty, mean, or worthless; to clamor against; to blame clamorously; to discredit; to disparage.
Decubation	Act of lying down; decumbence.
Decubitus	An attitude assumed in lying down; as, the dorsal decubitus.
Decuman	Large; chief; -- applied to an extraordinary billow, supposed by some to be every tenth in order. [R.] Also used substantively.
Decumbence	Alt. of Decumbency
Decumbency	The act or posture of lying down.
Decumbent	Lying down; prostrate; recumbent.
Decumbent	Reclining on the ground, as if too weak to stand, and tending to rise at the summit or apex; as, a decumbent stem.
Decumbently	In a decumbent posture.
Decumbiture	Confinement to a sick bed, or time of taking to one's bed from sickness.
Decumbiture	Aspect of the heavens at the time of taking to one's sick bed, by which the prognostics of recovery or death were made.
Decuple	Tenfold.
Decuple	A number ten times repeated.
Decupled	of Decuple
Decupling	of Decuple
Decuple	To make tenfold; to multiply by ten.
Decurion	A head or chief over ten; especially, an officer who commanded a division of ten soldiers.
Decurionate	The office of a decurion.
Decurrence	The act of running down; a lapse.
Decurrent	Extending downward; -- said of a leaf whose base extends downward and forms a wing along the stem.
Decursion	A flowing; also, a hostile incursion.
Decursive	Running down; decurrent.
Decursively	In a decursive manner.
Decurt	To cut short; to curtail.
Decurtation	Act of cutting short.
Decuries	of Decury
Decury	A set or squad of ten men under a decurion.
Decussated	of Decussate
Decussating	of Decussate
Decussate	To cross at an acute angle; to cut or divide in the form of X; to intersect; -- said of lines in geometrical figures, rays of light, nerves, etc.
Decussate	Alt. of Decussated
Decussated	Crossed; intersected.
Decussated	Growing in pairs, each of which is at right angles to the next pair above or below; as, decussated leaves or branches.
Decussated	Consisting of two rising and two falling clauses, placed in alternate opposition to each other; as, a decussated period.
Decussately	In a decussate manner.
Decussation	Act of crossing at an acute angle, or state of being thus crossed; an intersection in the form of an X; as, the decussation of lines, nerves, etc.
Decussative	Intersecting at acute angles.
Decussatively	Crosswise; in the form of an X.
Decyl	A hydrocarbon radical, C10H21, never existing alone, but regarded as the characteristic constituent of a number of compounds of the paraffin series.
Decylic	Allied to, or containing, the radical decyl.
Dedalian	See Daedalian.
Dedalous	See Daedalous.
Dedans	A division, at one end of a tennis court, for spectators.
Dede	Dead.
Dedecorate	To bring to shame; to disgrace.
Dedecoration	Disgrace; dishonor.
Dedecorous	Disgraceful; unbecoming.
Dedentition	The shedding of teeth.
Dedicate	Dedicated; set apart; devoted; consecrated.
Dedicated	of Dedicate
Dedicating	of Dedicate
Dedicate	To set apart and consecrate, as to a divinity, or for sacred uses; to devote formally and solemnly; as, to dedicate vessels, treasures, a temple, or a church, to a religious use.
Dedicate	To devote, set apart, or give up, as one's self, to a duty or service.
Dedicate	To inscribe or address, as to a patron.
Dedicatee	One to whom a thing is dedicated; -- correlative to dedicator.
Dedication	The act of setting apart or consecrating to a divine Being, or to a sacred use, often with religious solemnities; solemn appropriation; as, the dedication of Solomon's temple.
Dedication	A devoting or setting aside for any particular purpose; as, a dedication of lands to public use.
Dedication	An address to a patron or friend, prefixed to a book, testifying respect, and often recommending the work to his special protection and favor.
Dedicator	One who dedicates; more especially, one who inscribes a book to the favor of a patron, or to one whom he desires to compliment.
Dedicatorial	Dedicatory.
Dedicatory	Constituting or serving as a dedication; complimental.
Dedicatory	Dedication.
Dedimus	A writ to commission private persons to do some act in place of a judge, as to examine a witness, etc.
Dedition	The act of yielding; surrender.
Dedolent	Feeling no compunction; apathetic.
Deduced	of Deduce
Deducing	of Deduce
Deduce	To lead forth.
Deduce	To take away; to deduct; to subtract; as, to deduce a part from the whole.
Deduce	To derive or draw; to derive by logical process; to obtain or arrive at as the result of reasoning; to gather, as a truth or opinion, from what precedes or from premises; to infer; -- with from or out of.
Deducement	Inference; deduction; thing deduced.
Deducibility	Deducibleness.
Deducible	Capable of being deduced or inferred; derivable by reasoning, as a result or consequence.
Deducible	Capable of being brought down.
Deducibleness	The quality of being deducible; deducibility.
Deducibly	By deduction.
Deducive	That deduces; inferential.
Deducted	of Deduct
Deducting	of Deduct
Deduct	To lead forth or out.
Deduct	To take away, separate, or remove, in numbering, estimating, or calculating; to subtract; -- often with from or out of.
Deduct	To reduce; to diminish.
Deductible	Capable of being deducted, taken away, or withdrawn.
Deductible	Deducible; consequential.
Deduction	Act or process of deducing or inferring.
Deduction	Act of deducting or taking away; subtraction; as, the deduction of the subtrahend from the minuend.
Deduction	That which is deduced or drawn from premises by a process of reasoning; an inference; a conclusion.
Deduction	That which is deducted; the part taken away; abatement; as, a deduction from the yearly rent.
Deductive	Of or pertaining to deduction; capable of being deduced from premises; deducible.
Deductively	By deduction; by way of inference; by consequence.
Deductor	The pilot whale or blackfish.
Deduit	Delight; pleasure.
Deduplication	The division of that which is morphologically one organ into two or more, as the division of an organ of a plant into a pair or cluster.
Deed	Dead.
Deed	That which is done or effected by a responsible agent; an act; an action; a thing done; -- a word of extensive application, including, whatever is done, good or bad, great or small.
Deed	Illustrious act; achievement; exploit.
Deed	Power of action; agency; efficiency.
Deed	Fact; reality; -- whence we have indeed.
Deed	A sealed instrument in writing, on paper or parchment, duly executed and delivered, containing some transfer, bargain, or contract.
Deed	Performance; -- followed by of.
Deed	To convey or transfer by deed; as, he deeded all his estate to his eldest son.
Deedful	Full of deeds or exploits; active; stirring.
Deedless	Not performing, or not having performed, deeds or exploits; inactive.
Deed poll	A deed of one part, or executed by only one party, and distinguished from an indenture by having the edge of the parchment or paper cut even, or polled as it was anciently termed, instead of being indented.
Deedy	Industrious; active.
Deemed	of Deem
Deeming	of Deem
Deem	To decide; to judge; to sentence; to condemn.
Deem	To account; to esteem; to think; to judge; to hold in opinion; to regard.
Deem	To be of opinion; to think; to estimate; to opine; to suppose.
Deem	To pass judgment.
Deem	Opinion; judgment.
Deemster	A judge in the Isle of Man who decides controversies without process.
Deep	Extending far below the surface; of great perpendicular dimension (measured from the surface downward, and distinguished from high, which is measured upward); far to the bottom; having a certain depth; as, a deep sea.
Deep	Extending far back from the front or outer part; of great horizontal dimension (measured backward from the front or nearer part, mouth, etc.); as, a deep cave or recess or wound; a gallery ten seats deep; a company of soldiers six files deep.
Deep	Low in situation; lying far below the general surface; as, a deep valley.
Deep	Hard to penetrate or comprehend; profound; -- opposed to shallow or superficial; intricate; mysterious; not obvious; obscure; as, a deep subject or plot.
Deep	Of penetrating or far-reaching intellect; not superficial; thoroughly skilled; sagacious; cunning.
Deep	Profound; thorough; complete; unmixed; intense; heavy; heartfelt; as, deep distress; deep melancholy; deep horror.
Deep	Strongly colored; dark; intense; not light or thin; as, deep blue or crimson.
Deep	Of low tone; full-toned; not high or sharp; grave; heavy.
Deep	Muddy; boggy; sandy; -- said of roads.
Deep	To a great depth; with depth; far down; profoundly; deeply.
Deep	That which is deep, especially deep water, as the sea or ocean; an abyss; a great depth.
Deep	That which is profound, not easily fathomed, or incomprehensible; a moral or spiritual depth or abyss.
Deepened	of Deepen
Deepening	of Deepen
Deepen	To make deep or deeper; to increase the depth of; to sink lower; as, to deepen a well or a channel.
Deepen	To make darker or more intense; to darken; as, the event deepened the prevailing gloom.
Deepen	To make more poignant or affecting; to increase in degree; as, to deepen grief or sorrow.
Deepen	To make more grave or low in tone; as, to deepen the tones of an organ.
Deepen	To become deeper; as, the water deepens at every cast of the lead; the plot deepens.
Deep-fet	Deeply fetched or drawn.
Deep-laid	Laid deeply; formed with cunning and sagacity; as, deep-laid plans.
Deeply	At or to a great depth; far below the surface; as, to sink deeply.
Deeply	Profoundly; thoroughly; not superficially; in a high degree; intensely; as, deeply skilled in ethics.
Deeply	Very; with a tendency to darkness of color.
Deeply	Gravely; with low or deep tone; as, a deeply toned instrument.
Deeply	With profound skill; with art or intricacy; as, a deeply laid plot or intrigue.
Deep-mouthed	Having a loud and sonorous voice.
Deepness	The state or quality of being deep, profound, mysterious, secretive, etc.; depth; profundity; -- opposed to shallowness.
Deepness	Craft; insidiousness.
Deep-read	Profoundly book- learned.
Deep-sea	Of or pertaining to the deeper parts of the sea; as, a deep-sea line (i. e., a line to take soundings at a great depth); deep-sea lead; deep-sea soundings, explorations, etc.
Deep-waisted	Having a deep waist, as when, in a ship, the poop and forecastle are much elevated above the deck.
Deer	Any animal; especially, a wild animal.
Deer	A ruminant of the genus Cervus, of many species, and of related genera of the family Cervidae. The males, and in some species the females, have solid antlers, often much branched, which are shed annually. Their flesh, for which they are hunted, is called venison.
Deerberry	A shrub of the blueberry group (Vaccinium stamineum); also, its bitter, greenish white berry; -- called also squaw huckleberry.
Deergrass	An American genus (Rhexia) of perennial herbs, with opposite leaves, and showy flowers (usually bright purple), with four petals and eight stamens, -- the only genus of the order Melastomaceae inhabiting a temperate clime.
Deerhound	One of a large and fleet breed of hounds used in hunting deer; a staghound.
Deerlet	A chevrotain. See Kanchil, and Napu.
Deer-neck	A deerlike, or thin, ill-formed neck, as of a horse.
Deerskin	The skin of a deer, or the leather which is made from it.
Deerstalker	One who practices deerstalking.
Deerstalking	The hunting of deer on foot, by stealing upon them unawares.
Deer's-tongue	A plant (Liatris odoratissima) whose fleshy leaves give out a fragrance compared to vanilla.
Dees	Dice.
Dees	A dais.
Deesis	An invocation of, or address to, the Supreme Being.
Deess	A goddess.
Deev	See Dev.
Defaced	of Deface
Defacing	of Deface
Deface	To destroy or mar the face or external appearance of; to disfigure; to injure, spoil, or mar, by effacing or obliterating important features or portions of; as, to deface a monument; to deface an edifice; to deface writing; to deface a note, deed, or bond; to deface a record.
Deface	To destroy; to make null.
Defacement	The act of defacing, or the condition of being defaced; injury to the surface or exterior; obliteration.
Defacement	That which mars or disfigures.
Defacer	One who, or that which, defaces or disfigures.
De facto	Actually; in fact; in reality; as, a king de facto, -- distinguished from a king de jure, or by right.
Defail	To cause to fail.
Defailance	Failure; miscarriage.
Defailure	Failure.
Defalcated	of Defalcate
Defalcating	of Defalcate
Defalcate	To cut off; to take away or deduct a part of; -- used chiefly of money, accounts, rents, income, etc.
Defalcate	To commit defalcation; to embezzle money held in trust.
Defalcation	A lopping off; a diminution; abatement; deficit. Specifically: Reduction of a claim by deducting a counterclaim; set- off.
Defalcation	That which is lopped off, diminished, or abated.
Defalcation	An abstraction of money, etc., by an officer or agent having it in trust; an embezzlement.
Defalcator	A defaulter or embezzler.
Defalk	To lop off; to abate.
Defamation	Act of injuring another's reputation by any slanderous communication, written or oral; the wrong of maliciously injuring the good name of another; slander; detraction; calumny; aspersion.
Defamatory	Containing defamation; injurious to reputation; calumnious; slanderous; as, defamatory words; defamatory writings.
Defamed	of Defame
Defaming	of Defame
Defame	To harm or destroy the good fame or reputation of; to disgrace; especially, to speak evil of maliciously; to dishonor by slanderous reports; to calumniate; to asperse.
Defame	To render infamous; to bring into disrepute.
Defame	To charge; to accuse.
Defame	Dishonor.
Defamer	One who defames; a slanderer; a detractor; a calumniator.
Defamingly	In a defamatory manner.
Defamous	Defamatory.
Defatigable	Capable of being wearied or tired out.
Defatigate	To weary or tire out; to fatigue.
Defatigation	Weariness; fatigue.
Default	A failing or failure; omission of that which ought to be done; neglect to do what duty or law requires; as, this evil has happened through the governor's default.
Default	Fault; offense; ill deed; wrong act; failure in virtue or wisdom.
Default	A neglect of, or failure to take, some step necessary to secure the benefit of law, as a failure to appear in court at a day assigned, especially of the defendant in a suit when called to make answer; also of jurors, witnesses, etc.
Defaulted	of Default
Defaulting	of Default
Default	To fail in duty; to offend.
Default	To fail in fulfilling a contract, agreement, or duty.
Default	To fail to appear in court; to let a case go by default.
Default	To fail to perform or pay; to be guilty of neglect of; to omit; as, to default a dividend.
Default	To call a defendant or other party whose duty it is to be present in court, and make entry of his default, if he fails to appear; to enter a default against.
Default	To leave out of account; to omit.
Defaulter	One who makes default; one who fails to appear in court when court when called.
Defaulter	One who fails to perform a duty; a delinquent; particularly, one who fails to account for public money intrusted to his care; a peculator; a defalcator.
Defeasance	A defeat; an overthrow.
Defeasance	A rendering null or void.
Defeasance	A condition, relating to a deed, which being performed, the deed is defeated or rendered void; or a collateral deed, made at the same time with a feoffment, or other conveyance, containing conditions, on the performance of which the estate then created may be defeated.
Defeasanced	Liable to defeasance; capable of being made void or forfeited.
Defeasible	Capable of being annulled or made void; as, a defeasible title.
Defeated	of Defeat
Defeating	of Defeat
Defeat	To undo; to disfigure; to destroy.
Defeat	To render null and void, as a title; to frustrate, as hope; to deprive, as of an estate.
Defeat	To overcome or vanquish, as an army; to check, disperse, or ruin by victory; to overthrow.
Defeat	To resist with success; as, to defeat an assault.
Defeat	An undoing or annulling; destruction.
Defeat	Frustration by rendering null and void, or by prevention of success; as, the defeat of a plan or design.
Defeat	An overthrow, as of an army in battle; loss of a battle; repulse suffered; discomfiture; -- opposed to victory.
Defeature	Overthrow; defeat.
Defeature	Disfigurement; deformity.
Defeatured	Changed in features; deformed.
Defecate	Freed from anything that can pollute, as dregs, lees, etc.; refined; purified.
Defecated	of Defecate
Defecating	of Defecate
Defecate	To clear from impurities, as lees, dregs, etc.; to clarify; to purify; to refine.
Defecate	To free from extraneous or polluting matter; to clear; to purify, as from that which materializes.
Defecate	To become clear, pure, or free.
Defecate	To void excrement.
Defecation	The act of separating from impurities, as lees or dregs; purification.
Defecation	The act or process of voiding excrement.
Defecator	That which cleanses or purifies; esp., an apparatus for removing the feculencies of juices and sirups.
Defect	Want or absence of something necessary for completeness or perfection; deficiency; -- opposed to superfluity.
Defect	Failing; fault; imperfection, whether physical or moral; blemish; as, a defect in the ear or eye; a defect in timber or iron; a defect of memory or judgment.
Defect	To fail; to become deficient.
Defect	To injure; to damage.
Defectibility	Deficiency; imperfection.
Defectible	Liable to defect; imperfect.
Defection	Act of abandoning a person or cause to which one is bound by allegiance or duty, or to which one has attached himself; desertion; failure in duty; a falling away; apostasy; backsliding.
Defectionist	One who advocates or encourages defection.
Defectious	Having defects; imperfect.
Defective	Wanting in something; incomplete; lacking a part; deficient; imperfect; faulty; -- applied either to natural or moral qualities; as, a defective limb; defective timber; a defective copy or account; a defective character; defective rules.
Defective	Lacking some of the usual forms of declension or conjugation; as, a defective noun or verb.
Defectuosity	Great imperfection.
Defectuous	Full of defects; imperfect.
Defedation	The act of making foul; pollution.
Defence	See Defense.
Defended	of Defend
Defending	of Defend
Defend	To ward or fend off; to drive back or away; to repel.
Defend	To prohibit; to forbid.
Defend	To repel danger or harm from; to protect; to secure against; attack; to maintain against force or argument; to uphold; to guard; as, to defend a town; to defend a cause; to defend character; to defend the absent; -- sometimes followed by from or against; as, to defend one's self from, or against, one's enemies.
Defend	To deny the right of the plaintiff in regard to (the suit, or the wrong charged); to oppose or resist, as a claim at law; to contest, as a suit.
Defendable	Capable of being defended; defensible.
Defendant	Serving, or suitable, for defense; defensive.
Defendant	Making defense.
Defendant	One who defends; a defender.
Defendant	A person required to make answer in an action or suit; -- opposed to plaintiff.
Defendee	One who is defended.
Defender	One who defends; one who maintains, supports, protects, or vindicates; a champion; an advocate; a vindicator.
Defendress	A female defender.
Defensative	That which serves to protect or defend.
Defense	Alt. of Defence
Defence	The act of defending, or the state of being defended; protection, as from violence or danger.
Defence	That which defends or protects; anything employed to oppose attack, ward off violence or danger, or maintain security; a guard; a protection.
Defence	Protecting plea; vindication; justification.
Defence	The defendant's answer or plea; an opposing or denial of the truth or validity of the plaintiff's or prosecutor's case; the method of proceeding adopted by the defendant to protect himself against the plaintiff's action.
Defence	Act or skill in making defense; defensive plan or policy; practice in self defense, as in fencing, boxing, etc.
Defence	Prohibition; a prohibitory ordinance.
Defense	To furnish with defenses; to fortify.
Defenseless	Destitute of defense; unprepared to resist attack; unable to oppose; unprotected.
Defenser	Defender.
Defensibility	Capability of being defended.
Defensible	Capable of being defended; as, a defensible city, or a defensible cause.
Defensible	Capable of offering defense.
Defensibleness	Capability of being defended; defensibility.
Defensive	Serving to defend or protect; proper for defense; opposed to offensive; as, defensive armor.
Defensive	Carried on by resisting attack or aggression; -- opposed to offensive; as, defensive war.
Defensive	In a state or posture of defense.
Defensive	That which defends; a safeguard.
Defensively	On the defensive.
Defensor	A defender.
Defensor	A defender or an advocate in court; a guardian or protector.
Defensor	The patron of a church; an officer having charge of the temporal affairs of a church.
Defensory	Tending to defend; defensive; as, defensory preparations.
Deferred	of Defer
Deferring	of Defer
Defer	To put off; to postpone to a future time; to delay the execution of; to delay; to withhold.
Defer	To put off; to delay to act; to wait.
Defer	To render or offer.
Defer	To lay before; to submit in a respectful manner; to refer; -- with to.
Defer	To yield deference to the wishes of another; to submit to the opinion of another, or to authority; -- with to.
Deference	A yielding of judgment or preference from respect to the wishes or opinion of another; submission in opinion; regard; respect; complaisance.
Deferent	Serving to carry; bearing.
Deferent	That which carries or conveys.
Deferent	An imaginary circle surrounding the earth, in whose periphery either the heavenly body or the center of the heavenly body's epicycle was supposed to be carried round.
Deferential	Expressing deference; accustomed to defer.
Deferentially	With deference.
Deferment	The act of delaying; postponement.
Deferrer	One who defers or puts off.
Defervescence	Alt. of Defervescency
Defervescency	A subsiding from a state of ebullition; loss of heat; lukewarmness.
Defervescency	The subsidence of a febrile process; as, the stage of defervescence in pneumonia.
Defeudalize	To deprive of the feudal character or form.
Defiance	The act of defying, putting in opposition, or provoking to combat; a challenge; a provocation; a summons to combat.
Defiance	A state of opposition; willingness to flight; disposition to resist; contempt of opposition.
Defiance	A casting aside; renunciation; rejection.
Defiant	Full of defiance; bold; insolent; as, a defiant spirit or act.
Defiatory	Bidding or manifesting defiance.
Defibrinate	To deprive of fibrin, as fresh blood or lymph by stirring with twigs.
Defibrination	The act or process of depriving of fibrin.
Defibrinize	To defibrinate.
Deficience	Same as Deficiency.
Deficiencies	of Deficiency
Deficiency	The state of being deficient; inadequacy; want; failure; imperfection; shortcoming; defect.
Deficient	Wanting, to make up completeness; wanting, as regards a requirement; not sufficient; inadequate; defective; imperfect; incomplete; lacking; as, deficient parts; deficient estate; deficient strength; deficient in judgment.
Deficit	Deficiency in amount or quality; a falling short; lack; as, a deficit in taxes, revenue, etc.
Defier	One who dares and defies; a contemner; as, a defier of the laws.
Defiguration	Disfiguration; mutilation.
Defigure	To delineate.
Defiladed	of Defilade
Defilading	of Defilade
Defilade	To raise, as a rampart, so as to shelter interior works commanded from some higher point.
Defilading	The art or act of determining the directions and heights of the lines of rampart with reference to the protection of the interior from exposure to an enemy's fire from any point within range, or from any works which may be erected.
Defiled	of Defile
Defiling	of Defile
Defile	To march off in a line, file by file; to file off.
Defile	Same as Defilade.
Defile	Any narrow passage or gorge in which troops can march only in a file, or with a narrow front; a long, narrow pass between hills, rocks, etc.
Defile	The act of defilading a fortress, or of raising the exterior works in order to protect the interior. See Defilade.
Defile	To make foul or impure; to make filthy; to dirty; to befoul; to pollute.
Defile	To soil or sully; to tarnish, as reputation; to taint.
Defile	To injure in purity of character; to corrupt.
Defile	To corrupt the chastity of; to debauch; to violate.
Defile	To make ceremonially unclean; to pollute.
Defilement	The protection of the interior walls of a fortification from an enfilading fire, as by covering them, or by a high parapet on the exposed side.
Defilement	The act of defiling, or state of being defiled, whether physically or morally; pollution; foulness; dirtiness; uncleanness.
Defiler	One who defiles; one who corrupts or violates; that which pollutes.
Defiliation	Abstraction of a child from its parents.
Definable	Capable of being defined, limited, or explained; determinable; describable by definition; ascertainable; as, definable limits; definable distinctions or regulations; definable words.
Defined	of Define
Defining	of Define
Define	To fix the bounds of; to bring to a termination; to end.
Define	To determine or clearly exhibit the boundaries of; to mark the limits of; as, to define the extent of a kingdom or country.
Define	To determine with precision; to mark out with distinctness; to ascertain or exhibit clearly; as, the defining power of an optical instrument.
Define	To determine the precise signification of; to fix the meaning of; to describe accurately; to explain; to expound or interpret; as, to define a word, a phrase, or a scientific term.
Define	To determine; to decide.
Definement	The act of defining; definition; description.
Definer	One who defines or explains.
Definite	Having certain or distinct; determinate in extent or greatness; limited; fixed; as, definite dimensions; a definite measure; a definite period or interval.
Definite	Having certain limits in signification; determinate; certain; precise; fixed; exact; clear; as, a definite word, term, or expression.
Definite	Determined; resolved.
Definite	Serving to define or restrict; limiting; determining; as, the definite article.
Definite	A thing defined or determined.
Definitely	In a definite manner; with precision; precisely; determinately.
Definiteness	The state of being definite; determinateness; precision; certainty.
Definition	The act of defining; determination of the limits; as, a telescope accurate in definition.
Definition	Act of ascertaining and explaining the signification; a description of a thing by its properties; an explanation of the meaning of a word or term; as, the definition of "circle;" the definition of "wit;" an exact definition; a loose definition.
Definition	Description; sort.
Definition	An exact enunciation of the constituents which make up the logical essence.
Definition	Distinctness or clearness, as of an image formed by an optical instrument; precision in detail.
Definitional	Relating to definition; of the nature of a definition; employed in defining.
Definitive	Determinate; positive; final; conclusive; unconditional; express.
Definitive	Limiting; determining; as, a definitive word.
Definitive	Determined; resolved.
Definitive	A word used to define or limit the extent of the signification of a common noun, such as the definite article, and some pronouns.
Definitively	In a definitive manner.
Definitiveness	The quality of being definitive.
Definitude	Definiteness.
Defix	To fix; to fasten; to establish.
Deflagrability	The state or quality of being deflagrable.
Deflagrable	Burning with a sudden and sparkling combustion, as niter; hence, slightly explosive; liable to snap and crackle when heated, as salt.
Deflagrated	of Deflagrate
Deflagrating	of Deflagrate
Deflagrate	To burn with a sudden and sparkling combustion, as niter; also, to snap and crackle with slight explosions when heated, as salt.
Deflagrate	To cause to burn with sudden and sparkling combustion, as by the action of intense heat; to burn or vaporize suddenly; as, to deflagrate refractory metals in the oxyhydrogen flame.
Deflagration	A burning up; conflagration.
Deflagration	The act or process of deflagrating.
Deflagrator	A form of the voltaic battery having large plates, used for producing rapid and powerful combustion.
Deflate	To reduce from an inflated condition.
Deflected	of Deflect
Deflecting	of Deflect
Deflect	To cause to turn aside; to bend; as, rays of light are often deflected.
Deflect	To turn aside; to deviate from a right or a horizontal line, or from a proper position, course or direction; to swerve.
Deflectable	Capable of being deflected.
Deflected	Turned aside; deviating from a direct line or course.
Deflected	Bent downward; deflexed.
Deflection	The act of turning aside, or state of being turned aside; a turning from a right line or proper course; a bending, esp. downward; deviation.
Deflection	The deviation of a shot or ball from its true course.
Deflection	A deviation of the rays of light toward the surface of an opaque body; inflection; diffraction.
Deflection	The bending which a beam or girder undergoes from its own weight or by reason of a load.
Deflectionization	The act of freeing from inflections.
Deflectionize	To free from inflections.
Deflective	Causing deflection.
Deflector	That which deflects, as a diaphragm in a furnace, or a cone in a lamp (to deflect and mingle air and gases and help combustion).
Deflexed	Bent abruptly downward.
Deflexion	See Deflection.
Deflexure	A bending or turning aside; deflection.
Deflorate	Past the flowering state; having shed its pollen.
Defloration	The act of deflouring; as, the defloration of a virgin.
Defloration	That which is chosen as the flower or choicest part; careful culling or selection.
Defloured	of Deflour
Deflouring	of Deflour
Deflour	To deprive of flowers.
Deflour	To take away the prime beauty and grace of; to rob of the choicest ornament.
Deflour	To deprive of virginity, as a woman; to violate; to ravish; also, to seduce.
Deflourer	One who deflours; a ravisher.
Deflow	To flow down.
Deflower	Same as Deflour.
Deflowerer	See Deflourer.
Defluous	Flowing down; falling off.
Deflux	Downward flow.
Defluxion	A discharge or flowing of humors or fluid matter, as from the nose in catarrh; -- sometimes used synonymously with inflammation.
Defly	Deftly.
Defoedation	Defedation.
Defoliate	Alt. of Defoliated
Defoliated	Deprived of leaves, as by their natural fall.
Defoliation	The separation of ripened leaves from a branch or stem; the falling or shedding of the leaves.
Deforced	of Deforce
Deforcing	of Deforce
Deforce	To keep from the rightful owner; to withhold wrongfully the possession of, as of lands or a freehold.
Deforce	To resist the execution of the law; to oppose by force, as an officer in the execution of his duty.
Deforcement	A keeping out by force or wrong; a wrongful withholding, as of lands or tenements, to which another has a right.
Deforcement	Resistance to an officer in the execution of law.
Deforceor	Same as Deforciant.
Deforciant	One who keeps out of possession the rightful owner of an estate.
Deforciant	One against whom a fictitious action of fine was brought.
Deforciation	Same as Deforcement, n.
Deforest	To clear of forests; to disforest.
Deformed	of Deform
Deforming	of Deform
Deform	To spoil the form of; to mar in form; to misshape; to disfigure.
Deform	To render displeasing; to deprive of comeliness, grace, or perfection; to dishonor.
Deform	Deformed; misshapen; shapeless; horrid.
Deformation	The act of deforming, or state of anything deformed.
Deformation	Transformation; change of shape.
Deformed	Unnatural or distorted in form; having a deformity; misshapen; disfigured; as, a deformed person; a deformed head.
Deformer	One who deforms.
Deformities	of Deformity
Deformity	The state of being deformed; want of proper form or symmetry; any unnatural form or shape; distortion; irregularity of shape or features; ugliness.
Deformity	Anything that destroys beauty, grace, or propriety; irregularity; absurdity; gross deviation from order or the established laws of propriety; as, deformity in an edifice; deformity of character.
Deforser	A deforciant.
Defoul	To tread down.
Defoul	To make foul; to defile.
Defrauded	of Defraud
Defrauding	of Defraud
Defraud	To deprive of some right, interest, or property, by a deceitful device; to withhold from wrongfully; to injure by embezzlement; to cheat; to overreach; as, to defraud a servant, or a creditor, or the state; -- with of before the thing taken or withheld.
Defraudation	The act of defrauding; a taking by fraud.
Defrauder	One who defrauds; a cheat; an embezzler; a peculator.
Defraudment	Privation by fraud; defrauding.
Defrayed	of Defray
Defraying	of Defray
Defray	To pay or discharge; to serve in payment of; to provide for, as a charge, debt, expenses, costs, etc.
Defray	To avert or appease, as by paying off; to satisfy; as, to defray wrath.
Defrayal	The act of defraying; payment; as, the defrayal of necessary costs.
Defrayer	One who pays off expenses.
Defrayment	Payment of charges.
Deft	Apt; fit; dexterous; clever; handy; spruce; neat.
Deftly	Aptly; fitly; dexterously; neatly.
Deftness	The quality of being deft.
Defunct	Having finished the course of life; dead; deceased.
Defunct	A dead person; one deceased.
Defunction	Death.
Defunctive	Funereal.
Defuse	To disorder; to make shapeless.
Defied	of Defy
Defying	of Defy
Defy	To renounce or dissolve all bonds of affiance, faith, or obligation with; to reject, refuse, or renounce.
Defy	To provoke to combat or strife; to call out to combat; to challenge; to dare; to brave; to set at defiance; to treat with contempt; as, to defy an enemy; to defy the power of a magistrate; to defy the arguments of an opponent; to defy public opinion.
Defy	A challenge.
Degarnished	of Degarnish
Degarnishing	of Degarnish
Degarnish	To strip or deprive of entirely, as of furniture, ornaments, etc.; to disgarnish; as, to degarnish a house, etc.
Degarnish	To deprive of a garrison, or of troops necessary for defense; as, to degarnish a city or fort.
Degarnishment	The act of depriving, as of furniture, apparatus, or a garrison.
Degender	Alt. of Degener
Degener	To degenerate.
Degeneracy	The act of becoming degenerate; a growing worse.
Degeneracy	The state of having become degenerate; decline in good qualities; deterioration; meanness.
Degenerate	Having become worse than one's kind, or one's former state; having declined in worth; having lost in goodness; deteriorated; degraded; unworthy; base; low.
Degenerated	of Degenerate
Degenerating	of Degenerate
Degenerate	To be or grow worse than one's kind, or than one was originally; hence, to be inferior; to grow poorer, meaner, or more vicious; to decline in good qualities; to deteriorate.
Degenerate	To fall off from the normal quality or the healthy structure of its kind; to become of a lower type.
Degenerately	In a degenerate manner; unworthily.
Degenerateness	Degeneracy.
Degeneration	The act or state of growing worse, or the state of having become worse; decline; degradation; debasement; degeneracy; deterioration.
Degeneration	That condition of a tissue or an organ in which its vitality has become either diminished or perverted; a substitution of a lower for a higher form of structure; as, fatty degeneration of the liver.
Degeneration	A gradual deterioration, from natural causes, of any class of animals or plants or any particular organ or organs; hereditary degradation of type.
Degeneration	The thing degenerated.
Degenerationist	A believer in the theory of degeneration, or hereditary degradation of type; as, the degenerationists hold that savagery is the result of degeneration from a superior state.
Degenerative	Undergoing or producing degeneration; tending to degenerate.
Degenerous	Degenerate; base.
Degenerously	Basely.
Deglazing	The process of giving a dull or ground surface to glass by acid or by mechanical means.
Degloried	Deprived of glory; dishonored.
Deglutinated	of Deglutinate
Deglutinating	of Deglutinate
Deglutinate	To loosen or separate by dissolving the glue which unties; to unglue.
Deglutination	The act of ungluing.
Deglutition	The act or process of swallowing food; the power of swallowing.
Deglutitious	Pertaining to deglutition.
Deglutitory	Serving for, or aiding in, deglutition.
Degradation	The act of reducing in rank, character, or reputation, or of abasing; a lowering from one's standing or rank in office or society; diminution; as, the degradation of a peer, a knight, a general, or a bishop.
Degradation	The state of being reduced in rank, character, or reputation; baseness; moral, physical, or intellectual degeneracy; disgrace; abasement; debasement.
Degradation	Diminution or reduction of strength, efficacy, or value; degeneration; deterioration.
Degradation	A gradual wearing down or wasting, as of rocks and banks, by the action of water, frost etc.
Degradation	The state or condition of a species or group which exhibits degraded forms; degeneration.
Degradation	Arrest of development, or degeneration of any organ, or of the body as a whole.
Degraded	of Degrade
Degrading	of Degrade
Degrade	To reduce from a higher to a lower rank or degree; to lower in rank; to deprive of office or dignity; to strip of honors; as, to degrade a nobleman, or a general officer.
Degrade	To reduce in estimation, character, or reputation; to lessen the value of; to lower the physical, moral, or intellectual character of; to debase; to bring shame or contempt upon; to disgrace; as, vice degrades a man.
Degrade	To reduce in altitude or magnitude, as hills and mountains; to wear down.
Degrade	To degenerate; to pass from a higher to a lower type of structure; as, a family of plants or animals degrades through this or that genus or group of genera.
Degraded	Reduced in rank, character, or reputation; debased; sunken; low; base.
Degraded	Having the typical characters or organs in a partially developed condition, or lacking certain parts.
Degraded	Having steps; -- said of a cross each of whose extremities finishes in steps growing larger as they leave the center; -- termed also on degrees.
Degradement	Deprivation of rank or office; degradation.
Degradingly	In a degrading manner.
Degravation	The act of making heavy.
Degree	A step, stair, or staircase.
Degree	One of a series of progressive steps upward or downward, in quality, rank, acquirement, and the like; a stage in progression; grade; gradation; as, degrees of vice and virtue; to advance by slow degrees; degree of comparison.
Degree	The point or step of progression to which a person has arrived; rank or station in life; position.
Degree	Measure of advancement; quality; extent; as, tastes differ in kind as well as in degree.
Degree	Grade or rank to which scholars are admitted by a college or university, in recognition of their attainments; as, the degree of bachelor of arts, master, doctor, etc.
Degree	A certain distance or remove in the line of descent, determining the proximity of blood; one remove in the chain of relationship; as, a relation in the third or fourth degree.
Degree	Three figures taken together in numeration; thus, 140 is one degree, 222,140 two degrees.
Degree	State as indicated by sum of exponents; more particularly, the degree of a term is indicated by the sum of the exponents of its literal factors; thus, a2b3c is a term of the sixth degree. The degree of a power, or radical, is denoted by its index, that of an equation by the greatest sum of the exponents of the unknown quantities in any term; thus, ax4 + bx2 = c, and mx2y2 + nyx = p, are both equations of the fourth degree.
Degree	A 360th part of the circumference of a circle, which part is taken as the principal unit of measure for arcs and angles. The degree is divided into 60 minutes and the minute into 60 seconds.
Degree	A division, space, or interval, marked on a mathematical or other instrument, as on a thermometer.
Degree	A line or space of the staff.
Degu	A small South American rodent (Octodon Cumingii), of the family Octodontidae.
Degust	To taste.
Degustation	Tasting; the appreciation of sapid qualities by the taste organs.
Dehisce	To gape; to open by dehiscence.
Dehiscence	The act of gaping.
Dehiscence	A gaping or bursting open along a definite line of attachment or suture, without tearing, as in the opening of pods, or the bursting of capsules at maturity so as to emit seeds, etc.; also, the bursting open of follicles, as in the ovaries of animals, for the expulsion of their contents.
Dehiscent	Characterized by dehiscence; opening in some definite way, as the capsule of a plant.
Dehonestate	To disparage.
Dehonestation	A dishonoring; disgracing.
Dehorned	of Dehorn
Dehorning	of Dehorn
Dehorn	To deprive of horns; to prevent the growth of the horns of (cattle) by burning their ends soon after they start. See Dishorn.
Dehors	Out of; without; foreign to; out of the agreement, record, will, or other instrument.
Dehors	All sorts of outworks in general, at a distance from the main works; any advanced works for protection or cover.
Dehorted	of Dehort
Dehorting	of Dehort
Dehort	To urge to abstain or refrain; to dissuade.
Dehortation	Dissuasion; advice against something.
Dehortative	Dissuasive.
Dehortatory	Fitted or designed to dehort or dissuade.
Dehorter	A dissuader; an adviser to the contrary.
Dehumanize	To divest of human qualities, such as pity, tenderness, etc.; as, dehumanizing influences.
Dehusk	To remove the husk from.
Dehydrate	To deprive of water; to render free from water; as, to dehydrate alcohol.
Dehydration	The act or process of freeing from water; also, the condition of a body from which the water has been removed.
Dehydrogenate	To deprive of, or free from, hydrogen.
Dehydrogenation	The act or process of freeing from hydrogen; also, the condition resulting from the removal of hydrogen.
Deicide	The act of killing a being of a divine nature; particularly, the putting to death of Jesus Christ.
Deicide	One concerned in putting Christ to death.
Deictic	Direct; proving directly; -- applied to reasoning, and opposed to elenchtic or refutative.
Deictically	In a manner to show or point out; directly; absolutely; definitely.
Deific	Alt. of Deifical
Deifical	Making divine; producing a likeness to God; god-making.
Deification	The act of deifying; exaltation to divine honors; apotheosis; excessive praise.
Deified	Honored or worshiped as a deity; treated with supreme regard; godlike.
Deifier	One who deifies.
Deiform	Godlike, or of a godlike form.
Deiform	Conformable to the will of God.
Deiformity	Likeness to deity.
Deified	of Deify
Deifying	of Deify
Deify	To make a god of; to exalt to the rank of a deity; to enroll among the deities; to apotheosize; as, Julius Caesar was deified.
Deify	To praise or revere as a deity; to treat as an object of supreme regard; as, to deify money.
Deify	To render godlike.
Deigned	of Deign
Deigning	of Deign
Deign	To esteem worthy; to consider worth notice; -- opposed to disdain.
Deign	To condescend to give or bestow; to stoop to furnish; to vouchsafe; to allow; to grant.
Deign	To think worthy; to vouchsafe; to condescend; - - followed by an infinitive.
Deignous	Haughty; disdainful.
Deil	Devil; -- spelt also deel.
Deinoceras	See Dinoceras.
Deinornis	See Dinornis.
Deinosaur	See Dinosaur.
Deinotherium	See Dinotherium.
Deintegrate	To disintegrate.
Deinteous	Alt. of Deintevous
Deintevous	Rare; excellent; costly.
Deiparous	Bearing or bringing forth a god; -- said of the Virgin Mary.
Deipnosophist	One of an ancient sect of philosophers, who cultivated learned conversation at meals.
Deis	See Dais.
Deism	The doctrine or creed of a deist; the belief or system of those who acknowledge the existence of one God, but deny revelation.
Deist	One who believes in the existence of a God, but denies revealed religion; a freethinker.
Deistic	Alt. of Deistical
Deistical	Pertaining to, savoring of, or consisting in, deism; as, a deistic writer; a deistical book.
Deistically	After the manner of deists.
Deisticalness	State of being deistical.
Deitate	Deified.
Deities	of Deity
Deity	The collection of attributes which make up the nature of a god; divinity; godhead; as, the deity of the Supreme Being is seen in his works.
Deity	A god or goddess; a heathen god.
Dejected	of Deject
Dejecting	of Deject
Deject	To cast down.
Deject	To cast down the spirits of; to dispirit; to discourage; to dishearten.
Deject	Dejected.
Dejecta	Excrements; as, the dejecta of the sick.
Dejected	Cast down; afflicted; low-spirited; sad; as, a dejected look or countenance.
Dejecter	One who casts down, or dejects.
Dejection	A casting down; depression.
Dejection	The act of humbling or abasing one's self.
Dejection	Lowness of spirits occasioned by grief or misfortune; mental depression; melancholy.
Dejection	A low condition; weakness; inability.
Dejection	The discharge of excrement.
Dejection	Faeces; excrement.
Dejectly	Dejectedly.
Dejectory	Having power, or tending, to cast down.
Dejectory	Promoting evacuations by stool.
Dejecture	That which is voided; excrements.
Dejerate	To swear solemnly; to take an oath.
Dejeration	The act of swearing solemnly.
Dejeune	A dejeuner.
Dejeuner	A breakfast; sometimes, also, a lunch or collation.
De jure	By right; of right; by law; -- often opposed to de facto.
Deka-	A prefix signifying ten. See Deca-.
Dekagram	Same as Decagram.
Dekaliter	Same as Decaliter.
Dekameter	Same as Decameter.
Dekastere	Same as Decastere.
Dekle	See Deckle.
Del	Share; portion; part.
Delaceration	A tearing in pieces.
Delacrymation	An involuntary discharge of watery humors from the eyes; wateriness of the eyes.
Delactation	The act of weaning.
Delaine	A kind of fabric for women's dresses.
Delamination	Formation and separation of laminae or layers; one of the methods by which the various blastodermic layers of the ovum are differentiated.
Delapsation	See Delapsion.
Delapsed	of Delapse
Delapsing	of Delapse
Delapse	To pass down by inheritance; to lapse.
Delapsion	A falling down, or out of place; prolapsion.
Delassation	Fatigue.
Delated	of Delate
Delating	of Delate
Delate	To carry; to convey.
Delate	To carry abroad; to spread; to make public.
Delate	To carry or bring against, as a charge; to inform against; to accuse; to denounce.
Delate	To carry on; to conduct.
Delate	To dilate.
Delation	Conveyance.
Delation	Accusation by an informer.
Delator	An accuser; an informer.
Delaware	An American grape, with compact bunches of small, amber-colored berries, sweet and of a good flavor.
Delawares	A tribe of Indians formerly inhabiting the valley of the Delaware River, but now mostly located in the Indian Territory.
Delays	of Delay
Delay	A putting off or deferring; procrastination; lingering inactivity; stop; detention; hindrance.
Delayed	of Delay
Delaying	of Delay
Delay	To put off; to defer; to procrastinate; to prolong the time of or before.
Delay	To retard; to stop, detain, or hinder, for a time; to retard the motion, or time of arrival, of; as, the mail is delayed by a heavy fall of snow.
Delay	To allay; to temper.
Delay	To move slowly; to stop for a time; to linger; to tarry.
Delayer	One who delays; one who lingers.
Delayingly	By delays.
Delayment	Hindrance.
Del credere	An agreement by which an agent or factor, in consideration of an additional premium or commission (called a del credere commission), engages, when he sells goods on credit, to insure, warrant, or guarantee to his principal the solvency of the purchaser, the engagement of the factor being to pay the debt himself if it is not punctually discharged by the buyer when it becomes due.
Dele	Erase; remove; -- a direction to cancel something which has been put in type; usually expressed by a peculiar form of d, thus: /.
Deled	of Dele
Deleing	of Dele
Dele	To erase; to cancel; to delete; to mark for omission.
Dele	To deal; to divide; to distribute.
Deleble	Capable of being blotted out or erased.
Delectable	Highly pleasing; delightful.
Delectate	To delight; to charm.
Delectation	Great pleasure; delight.
Delectus	A name given to an elementary book for learners of Latin or Greek.
Delegacy	The act of delegating, or state of being delegated; deputed power.
Delegacy	A body of delegates or commissioners; a delegation.
Delegate	Any one sent and empowered to act for another; one deputed to represent; a chosen deputy; a representative; a commissioner; a vicar.
Delegate	One elected by the people of a territory to represent them in Congress, where he has the right of debating, but not of voting.
Delegate	One sent by any constituency to act as its representative in a convention; as, a delegate to a convention for nominating officers, or for forming or altering a constitution.
Delegate	Sent to act for or represent another; deputed; as, a delegate judge.
Delegated	of Delegate
Delegating	of Delegate
Delegate	To send as one's representative; to empower as an ambassador; to send with power to transact business; to commission; to depute; to authorize.
Delegate	To intrust to the care or management of another; to transfer; to assign; to commit.
Delegation	The act of delegating, or investing with authority to act for another; the appointment of a delegate or delegates.
Delegation	One or more persons appointed or chosen, and commissioned to represent others, as in a convention, in Congress, etc.; the collective body of delegates; as, the delegation from Massachusetts; a deputation.
Delegation	A kind of novation by which a debtor, to be liberated from his creditor, gives him a third person, who becomes obliged in his stead to the creditor, or to the person appointed by him.
Delegatory	Holding a delegated position.
Delenda	Things to be erased or blotted out.
Delenifical	Assuaging pain.
Deleted	of Delete
Deleting	of Delete
Delete	To blot out; to erase; to expunge; to dele; to omit.
Deleterious	Hurtful; noxious; destructive; pernicious; as, a deleterious plant or quality; a deleterious example.
Deletery	Destructive; poisonous.
Deletery	That which destroys.
Deletion	Act of deleting, blotting out, or erasing; destruction.
Deletitious	Of such a nature that anything may be erased from it; -- said of paper.
Deletive	Adapted to destroy or obliterate.
Deletory	That which blots out.
Delf	A mine; a quarry; a pit dug; a ditch.
Delf	Same as Delftware.
Delft	Same as Delftware.
Delftware	Pottery made at the city of Delft in Holland; hence:
Delftware	Earthenware made in imitation of the above; any glazed earthenware made for table use, and the like.
Delibate	To taste; to take a sip of; to dabble in.
Delibation	Act of tasting; a slight trial.
Deliber	To deliberate.
Deliberate	Weighing facts and arguments with a view to a choice or decision; carefully considering the probable consequences of a step; circumspect; slow in determining; -- applied to persons; as, a deliberate judge or counselor.
Deliberate	Formed with deliberation; well-advised; carefully considered; not sudden or rash; as, a deliberate opinion; a deliberate measure or result.
Deliberate	Not hasty or sudden; slow.
Deliberated	of Deliberate
Deliberating	of Deliberate
Deliberate	To weigh in the mind; to consider the reasons for and against; to consider maturely; to reflect upon; to ponder; as, to deliberate a question.
Deliberate	To take counsel with one's self; to weigh the arguments for and against a proposed course of action; to reflect; to consider; to hesitate in deciding; -- sometimes with on, upon, about, concerning.
Deliberately	With careful consideration, or deliberation; circumspectly; warily; not hastily or rashly; slowly; as, a purpose deliberately formed.
Deliberateness	The quality of being deliberate; calm consideration; circumspection.
Deliberation	The act of deliberating, or of weighing and examining the reasons for and against a choice or measure; careful consideration; mature reflection.
Deliberation	Careful discussion and examination of the reasons for and against a measure; as, the deliberations of a legislative body or council.
Deliberative	Pertaining to deliberation; proceeding or acting by deliberation, or by discussion and examination; deliberating; as, a deliberative body.
Deliberative	A discourse in which a question is discussed, or weighed and examined.
Deliberative	A kind of rhetoric employed in proving a thing and convincing others of its truth, in order to persuade them to adopt it.
Deliberatively	In a deliberative manner; circumspectly; considerately.
Deliberator	One who deliberates.
Delibrated	of Delibrate
Delibrating	of Delibrate
Delibrate	To strip off the bark; to peel.
Delibration	The act of stripping off the bark.
Delicacies	of Delicacy
Delicacy	The state or condition of being delicate; agreeableness to the senses; delightfulness; as, delicacy of flavor, of odor, and the like.
Delicacy	Nicety or fineness of form, texture, or constitution; softness; elegance; smoothness; tenderness; and hence, frailty or weakness; as, the delicacy of a fiber or a thread; delicacy of a hand or of the human form; delicacy of the skin; delicacy of frame.
Delicacy	Nice propriety of manners or conduct; susceptibility or tenderness of feeling; refinement; fastidiousness; and hence, in an exaggerated sense, effeminacy; as, great delicacy of behavior; delicacy in doing a kindness; delicacy of character that unfits for earnest action.
Delicacy	Addiction to pleasure; luxury; daintiness; indulgence; luxurious or voluptuous treatment.
Delicacy	Nice and refined perception and discrimination; critical niceness; fastidious accuracy.
Delicacy	The state of being affected by slight causes; sensitiveness; as, the delicacy of a chemist's balance.
Delicacy	That which is alluring, delicate, or refined; a luxury or pleasure; something pleasant to the senses, especially to the sense of taste; a dainty; as, delicacies of the table.
Delicacy	Pleasure; gratification; delight.
Delicate	Addicted to pleasure; luxurious; voluptuous; alluring.
Delicate	Pleasing to the senses; refinedly agreeable; hence, adapted to please a nice or cultivated taste; nice; fine; elegant; as, a delicate dish; delicate flavor.
Delicate	Slight and shapely; lovely; graceful; as, "a delicate creature."
Delicate	Fine or slender; minute; not coarse; -- said of a thread, or the like; as, delicate cotton.
Delicate	Slight or smooth; light and yielding; -- said of texture; as, delicate lace or silk.
Delicate	Soft and fair; -- said of the skin or a surface; as, a delicate cheek; a delicate complexion.
Delicate	Light, or softly tinted; -- said of a color; as, a delicate blue.
Delicate	Refined; gentle; scrupulous not to trespass or offend; considerate; -- said of manners, conduct, or feelings; as, delicate behavior; delicate attentions; delicate thoughtfulness.
Delicate	Tender; not able to endure hardship; feeble; frail; effeminate; -- said of constitution, health, etc.; as, a delicate child; delicate health.
Delicate	Requiring careful handling; not to be rudely or hastily dealt with; nice; critical; as, a delicate subject or question.
Delicate	Of exacting tastes and habits; dainty; fastidious.
Delicate	Nicely discriminating or perceptive; refinedly critical; sensitive; exquisite; as, a delicate taste; a delicate ear for music.
Delicate	Affected by slight causes; showing slight changes; as, a delicate thermometer.
Delicate	A choice dainty; a delicacy.
Delicate	A delicate, luxurious, or effeminate person.
Delicately	In a delicate manner.
Delicateness	The quality of being delicate.
Delices	Delicacies; delights.
Deliciate	To delight one's self; to indulge in feasting; to revel.
Delicious	Affording exquisite pleasure; delightful; most sweet or grateful to the senses, especially to the taste; charming.
Delicious	Addicted to pleasure; seeking enjoyment; luxurious; effeminate.
Deliciously	Delightfully; as, to feed deliciously; to be deliciously entertained.
Deliciousness	The quality of being delicious; as, the deliciousness of a repast.
Deliciousness	Luxury.
Delict	An offense or transgression against law; (Scots Law) an offense of a lesser degree; a misdemeanor.
Deligate	To bind up; to bandage.
Deligation	A binding up; a bandaging.
Delight	A high degree of gratification of mind; a high- wrought state of pleasurable feeling; lively pleasure; extreme satisfaction; joy.
Delight	That which gives great pleasure or delight.
Delight	Licentious pleasure; lust.
Delighted	of Delight
Delighting	of Delight
Delight	To give delight to; to affect with great pleasure; to please highly; as, a beautiful landscape delights the eye; harmony delights the ear.
Delight	To have or take great delight or pleasure; to be greatly pleased or rejoiced; -- followed by an infinitive, or by in.
Delightable	Capable of delighting; delightful.
Delighted	Endowed with delight.
Delightedly	With delight; gladly.
Delighter	One who gives or takes delight.
Delightful	Highly pleasing; affording great pleasure and satisfaction.
Delighting	Giving delight; gladdening.
Delightless	Void of delight.
Delightous	Delightful.
Delightsome	Very pleasing; delightful.
Delilah	The mistress of Samson, who betrayed him (Judges xvi.); hence, a harlot; a temptress.
Delimit	To fix the limits of; to demarcate; to bound.
Delimitation	The act or process of fixing limits or boundaries; limitation.
Deline	To delineate.
Deline	To mark out.
Delineable	Capable of being, or liable to be, delineated.
Delineament	Delineation; sketch.
Delineate	Delineated; portrayed.
Delineated	of Delineate
Delineating	of Delineate
Delineate	To indicate by lines drawn in the form or figure of; to represent by sketch, design, or diagram; to sketch out; to portray; to picture; in drawing and engraving, to represent in lines, as with the pen, pencil, or graver; hence, to represent with accuracy and minuteness. See Delineation.
Delineate	To portray to the mind or understanding by words; to set forth; to describe.
Delineation	The act of representing, portraying, or describing, as by lines, diagrams, sketches, etc.; drawing an outline; as, the delineation of a scene or face; in drawing and engraving, representation by means of lines, as distinguished from representation by means of tints and shades; accurate and minute representation, as distinguished from art that is careless of details, or subordinates them excessively.
Delineation	A delineated picture; representation; sketch; description in words.
Delineator	One who, or that which, delineates; a sketcher.
Delineator	A perambulator which records distances and delineates a profile, as of a road.
Delineatory	That delineates; descriptive; drawing the outline; delineating.
Delineature	Delineation.
Delinition	A smearing.
Delinquencies	of Delinquency
Delinquency	Failure or omission of duty; a fault; a misdeed; an offense; a misdemeanor; a crime.
Delinquent	Failing in duty; offending by neglect of duty.
Delinquent	One who fails or neglects to perform his duty; an offender or transgressor; one who commits a fault or a crime; a culprit.
Delinquently	So as to fail in duty.
Deliquate	To melt or be dissolved; to deliquesce.
Deliquate	To cause to melt away; to dissolve; to consume; to waste.
Deliquation	A melting.
Deliquesced	of Deliquesce
Deliquescing	of Deliquesce
Deliquesce	To dissolve gradually and become liquid by attracting and absorbing moisture from the air, as certain salts, acids, and alkalies.
Deliquescence	The act of deliquescing or liquefying; process by which anything deliquesces; tendency to melt.
Deliquescent	Dissolving; liquefying by contact with the air; capable of attracting moisture from the atmosphere and becoming liquid; as, deliquescent salts.
Deliquescent	Branching so that the stem is lost in branches, as in most deciduous trees.
Deliquiate	To melt and become liquid by absorbing water from the air; to deliquesce.
Deliquiation	The act of deliquiating.
Deliquium	A melting or dissolution in the air, or in a moist place; a liquid condition; as, a salt falls into a deliquium.
Deliquium	A sinking away; a swooning.
Deliquium	A melting or maudlin mood.
Deliracy	Delirium.
Delirament	A wandering of the mind; a crazy fancy.
Delirancy	Delirium.
Delirant	Delirious.
Delirate	To madden; to rave.
Deliration	Aberration of mind; delirium.
Deliriant	A poison which occasions a persistent delirium, or mental aberration (as belladonna).
Delirifacient	Producing, or tending to produce, delirium.
Delirifacient	Any substance which tends to cause delirium.
Delirious	Having a delirium; wandering in mind; light-headed; insane; raving; wild; as, a delirious patient; delirious fancies.
Delirium	A state in which the thoughts, expressions, and actions are wild, irregular, and incoherent; mental aberration; a roving or wandering of the mind, -- usually dependent on a fever or some other disease, and so distinguished from mania, or madness.
Delirium	Strong excitement; wild enthusiasm; madness.
Delit	Delight.
Delitable	Delightful; delectable.
Delitescence	Concealment; seclusion; retirement.
Delitescence	The sudden disappearance of inflammation.
Delitescency	Concealment; seclusion.
Delitescent	Lying hid; concealed.
Delitigate	To chide; to rail heartily.
Delitigation	Chiding; brawl.
Delivered	of Deliver
Delivering	of Deliver
Deliver	To set free from restraint; to set at liberty; to release; to liberate, as from control; to give up; to free; to save; to rescue from evil actual or feared; -- often with from or out of; as, to deliver one from captivity, or from fear of death.
Deliver	To give or transfer; to yield possession or control of; to part with (to); to make over; to commit; to surrender; to resign; -- often with up or over, to or into.
Deliver	To make over to the knowledge of another; to communicate; to utter; to speak; to impart.
Deliver	To give forth in action or exercise; to discharge; as, to deliver a blow; to deliver a broadside, or a ball.
Deliver	To free from, or disburden of, young; to relieve of a child in childbirth; to bring forth; -- often with of.
Deliver	To discover; to show.
Deliver	To deliberate.
Deliver	To admit; to allow to pass.
Deliver	Free; nimble; sprightly; active.
Deliverable	Capable of being, or about to be, delivered; necessary to be delivered.
Deliverance	The act of delivering or freeing from restraint, captivity, peril, and the like; rescue; as, the deliverance of a captive.
Deliverance	Act of bringing forth children.
Deliverance	Act of speaking; utterance.
Deliverance	The state of being delivered, or freed from restraint.
Deliverance	Anything delivered or communicated; esp., an opinion or decision expressed publicly.
Deliverance	Any fact or truth which is decisively attested or intuitively known as a psychological or philosophical datum; as, the deliverance of consciousness.
Deliverer	One who delivers or rescues; a preserver.
Deliverer	One who relates or communicates.
Deliveress	A female deliverer.
Deliverly	Actively; quickly; nimbly.
Deliverness	Nimbleness; agility.
Deliveries	of Delivery
Delivery	The act of delivering from restraint; rescue; release; liberation; as, the delivery of a captive from his dungeon.
Delivery	The act of delivering up or over; surrender; transfer of the body or substance of a thing; distribution; as, the delivery of a fort, of hostages, of a criminal, of goods, of letters.
Delivery	The act or style of utterance; manner of speaking; as, a good delivery; a clear delivery.
Delivery	The act of giving birth; parturition; the expulsion or extraction of a fetus and its membranes.
Delivery	The act of exerting one's strength or limbs.
Delivery	The act or manner of delivering a ball; as, the pitcher has a swift delivery.
Dell	A small, retired valley; a ravine.
Dell	A young woman; a wench.
Della Crusca	A shortened form of Accademia della Crusca, an academy in Florence, Italy, founded in the 16th century, especially for conserving the purity of the Italian language.
Dellacruscan	Of or pertaining to the Accademia della Crusca in Florence.
Deloo	The duykerbok.
Deloul	A special breed of the dromedary used for rapid traveling; the swift camel; -- called also herire, and maharik.
Delph	Delftware.
Delph	The drain on the land side of a sea embankment.
Delphian	Delphic.
Delphic	Of or relating to Delphi, or to the famous oracle of that place.
Delphic	Ambiguous; mysterious.
Delphin	Alt. of Delphine
Delphine	Pertaining to the dauphin of France; as, the Delphin classics, an edition of the Latin classics, prepared in the reign of Louis XIV., for the use of the dauphin (in usum Delphini).
Delphin	A fatty substance contained in the oil of the dolphin and the porpoise; -- called also phocenin.
Delphine	Pertaining to the dolphin, a genus of fishes.
Delphinic	Pertaining to, or derived from, the dolphin; phocenic.
Delphinic	Pertaining to, or derived from, the larkspur; specifically, relating to the stavesacre (Delphinium staphisagria).
Delphinine	A poisonous alkaloid extracted from the stavesacre (Delphinium staphisagria), as a colorless amorphous powder.
Delphinoid	Pertaining to, or resembling, the dolphin.
Delphinoidea	The division of Cetacea which comprises the dolphins, porpoises, and related forms.
Delphinus	A genus of Cetacea, including the dolphin. See Dolphin, 1.
Delphinus	The Dolphin, a constellation near the equator and east of Aquila.
Deltas	of Delta
Delta	A tract of land shaped like the letter delta (/), especially when the land is alluvial and inclosed between two or more mouths of a river; as, the delta of the Ganges, of the Nile, or of the Mississippi.
Deltafication	The formation of a delta or of deltas.
Deltaic	Relating to, or like, a delta.
Delthyris	A name formerly given to certain Silurian brachiopod shells of the genus Spirifer.
Deltic	Deltaic.
Deltidium	The triangular space under the beak of many brachiopod shells.
Deltohedron	A solid bounded by twelve quadrilateral faces. It is a hemihedral form of the isometric system, allied to the tetrahedron.
Deltoid	Shaped like the Greek / (delta); delta-shaped; triangular.
Deludable	Capable of being deluded; liable to be imposed on; gullible.
Deluded	of Delude
Deluding	of Delude
Delude	To lead from truth or into error; to mislead the mind or judgment of; to beguile; to impose on; to dupe; to make a fool of.
Delude	To frustrate or disappoint.
Deluder	One who deludes; a deceiver; an impostor.
Deluge	A washing away; an overflowing of the land by water; an inundation; a flood; specifically, The Deluge, the great flood in the days of Noah (Gen. vii.).
Deluge	Fig.: Anything which overwhelms, or causes great destruction.
Deluged	of Deluge
Deluging	of Deluge
Deluge	To overflow with water; to inundate; to overwhelm.
Deluge	To overwhelm, as with a deluge; to cover; to overspread; to overpower; to submerge; to destroy; as, the northern nations deluged the Roman empire with their armies; the land is deluged with woe.
Delundung	An East Indian carnivorous mammal (Prionodon gracilis), resembling the civets, but without scent pouches. It is handsomely spotted.
Delusion	The act of deluding; deception; a misleading of the mind.
Delusion	The state of being deluded or misled.
Delusion	That which is falsely or delusively believed or propagated; false belief; error in belief.
Delusional	Of or pertaining to delusions; as, delusional monomania.
Delusive	Apt or fitted to delude; tending to mislead the mind; deceptive; beguiling; delusory; as, delusive arts; a delusive dream.
Delusory	Delusive; fallacious.
Delved	of Delve
Delving	of Delve
Delve	To dig; to open (the ground) as with a spade.
Delve	To dig into; to penetrate; to trace out; to fathom.
Delve	To dig or labor with a spade, or as with a spade; to labor as a drudge.
Delve	A place dug; a pit; a ditch; a den; a cave.
Delver	One who digs, as with a spade.
Demagnetize	To deprive of magnetic properties. See Magnetize.
Demagnetize	To free from mesmeric influence; to demesmerize.
Demagog	Demagogue.
Demagogic	Alt. of Demagogical
Demagogical	Relating to, or like, a demagogue; factious.
Demagogism	The practices of a demagogue.
Demagogue	A leader of the rabble; one who attempts to control the multitude by specious or deceitful arts; an unprincipled and factious mob orator or political leader.
Demagogy	Demagogism.
Demain	Rule; management.
Demain	See Demesne.
Demanded	of Demand
Demanding	of Demand
Demand	To ask or call for with authority; to claim or seek from, as by authority or right; to claim, as something due; to call for urgently or peremptorily; as, to demand a debt; to demand obedience.
Demand	To inquire authoritatively or earnestly; to ask, esp. in a peremptory manner; to question.
Demand	To require as necessary or useful; to be in urgent need of; hence, to call for; as, the case demands care.
Demand	To call into court; to summon.
Demand	To make a demand; to inquire.
Demand	The act of demanding; an asking with authority; a peremptory urging of a claim; a claiming or challenging as due; requisition; as, the demand of a creditor; a note payable on demand.
Demand	Earnest inquiry; question; query.
Demand	A diligent seeking or search; manifested want; desire to possess; request; as, a demand for certain goods; a person's company is in great demand.
Demand	That which one demands or has a right to demand; thing claimed as due; claim; as, demands on an estate.
Demand	The asking or seeking for what is due or claimed as due.
Demand	The right or title in virtue of which anything may be claimed; as, to hold a demand against a person.
Demand	A thing or amount claimed to be due.
Demandable	That may be demanded or claimed.
Demandant	One who demands; the plaintiff in a real action; any plaintiff.
Demander	One who demands.
Demandress	A woman who demands.
Demantoid	A yellow-green, transparent variety of garnet found in the Urals. It is valued as a gem because of its brilliancy of luster, whence the name.
Demarcate	To mark by bounds; to set the limits of; to separate; to discriminate.
Demarcation	The act of marking, or of ascertaining and setting a limit; separation; distinction.
Demarch	March; walk; gait.
Demarch	A chief or ruler of a deme or district in Greece.
Demarkation	Same as Demarcation.
Dematerialize	To deprive of material or physical qualities or characteristics.
Deme	A territorial subdivision of Attica (also of modern Greece), corresponding to a township.
Deme	An undifferentiated aggregate of cells or plastids.
Demeaned	of Demean
Demeaning	of Demean
Demean	To manage; to conduct; to treat.
Demean	To conduct; to behave; to comport; -- followed by the reflexive pronoun.
Demean	To debase; to lower; to degrade; -- followed by the reflexive pronoun.
Demean	Management; treatment.
Demean	Behavior; conduct; bearing; demeanor.
Demean	Demesne.
Demean	Resources; means.
Demeanance	Demeanor.
Demeanor	Management; treatment; conduct.
Demeanor	Behavior; deportment; carriage; bearing; mien.
Demeanure	Behavior.
Demency	Dementia; loss of mental powers. See Insanity.
Dement	To deprive of reason; to make mad.
Dement	Demented; dementate.
Dementate	Deprived of reason.
Dementate	To deprive of reason; to dement.
Dementation	The act of depriving of reason; madness.
Demented	Insane; mad; of unsound mind.
Dementia	Insanity; madness; esp. that form which consists in weakness or total loss of thought and reason; mental imbecility; idiocy.
Demephitized	of Demephitize
Demephitizing	of Demephitize
Demephitize	To purify from mephitic or foul air.
Demerge	To plunge down into; to sink; to immerse.
Demerit	That which one merits or deserves, either of good or ill; desert.
Demerit	That which deserves blame; ill desert; a fault; a vice; misconduct; -- the opposite of merit.
Demerit	The state of one who deserves ill.
Demerit	To deserve; -- said in reference to both praise and blame.
Demerit	To depreciate or cry down.
Demerit	To deserve praise or blame.
Demerse	To immerse.
Demersed	Situated or growing under water, as leaves; submersed.
Demersion	The act of plunging into a fluid; a drowning.
Demersion	The state of being overwhelmed in water, or as if in water.
Demesmerize	To relieve from mesmeric influence. See Mesmerize.
Demesne	A lord's chief manor place, with that part of the lands belonging thereto which has not been granted out in tenancy; a house, and the land adjoining, kept for the proprietor's own use.
Demesnial	Of or pertaining to a demesne; of the nature of a demesne.
Demi-	A prefix, signifying half.
Demi	See Demy, n.
Demibastion	A half bastion, or that part of a bastion consisting of one face and one flank.
Demibrigade	A half brigade.
Demicadence	An imperfect or half cadence, falling on the dominant instead of on the key note.
Demicannon	A kind of ordnance, carrying a ball weighing from thirty to thirty-six pounds.
Demicircle	An instrument for measuring angles, in surveying, etc. It resembles a protractor, but has an alidade, sights, and a compass.
Demiculverin	A kind of ordnance, carrying a ball weighing from nine to thirteen pounds.
Demideify	To deify in part.
Demidevil	A half devil.
Demigod	A half god, or an inferior deity; a fabulous hero, the offspring of a deity and a mortal.
Demigoddess	A female demigod.
Demigorge	Half the gorge, or entrance into a bastion, taken from the angle of the flank to the center of the bastion.
Demigrate	To emigrate.
Demigration	Emigration.
Demigroat	A half groat.
Demi-island	Peninsula.
Demijohn	A glass vessel or bottle with a large body and small neck, inclosed in wickerwork.
Demilance	A light lance; a short spear; a half pike; also, a demilancer.
Demilancer	A soldier of light cavalry of the 16th century, who carried a demilance.
Demilune	A work constructed beyond the main ditch of a fortress, and in front of the curtain between two bastions, intended to defend the curtain; a ravelin. See Ravelin.
Demilune	A crescentic mass of granular protoplasm present in the salivary glands.
Demiman	A half man.
Demimonde	Persons of doubtful reputation; esp., women who are kept as mistresses, though not public prostitutes; demireps.
Deminatured	Having half the nature of another.
Demiquaver	A note of half the length of the quaver; a semiquaver.
Demirelief	Alt. of Demirelievo
Demirelievo	Half relief. See Demi-rilievo.
Demirep	A woman of doubtful reputation or suspected character; an adventuress.
Demi-rilievo	Half relief; sculpture in relief of which the figures project from the background by one half their full roundness.
Demi-rilievo	A work of sculpture of the above character. See Alto-rilievo.
Demisability	The state of being demisable.
Demisable	Capable of being leased; as, a demisable estate.
Demise	Transmission by formal act or conveyance to an heir or successor; transference; especially, the transfer or transmission of the crown or royal authority to a successor.
Demise	The decease of a royal or princely person; hence, also, the death of any illustrious person.
Demise	The conveyance or transfer of an estate, either in fee for life or for years, most commonly the latter.
Demised	of Demise
Demising	of Demise
Demise	To transfer or transmit by succession or inheritance; to grant or bestow by will; to bequeath.
Demise	To convey; to give.
Demise	To convey, as an estate, by lease; to lease.
Demisemiquaver	A short note, equal in time to the half of a semiquaver, or the thirty-second part of a whole note.
Demiss	Cast down; humble; submissive.
Demission	The act of demitting, or the state of being demitted; a letting down; a lowering; dejection.
Demission	Resignation of an office.
Demissionary	Pertaining to transfer or conveyance; as, a demissionary deed.
Demissionary	Tending to lower, depress, or degrade.
Demissive	Downcast; submissive; humble.
Demissly	In a humble manner.
Demisuit	A suit of light armor covering less than the whole body, as having no protection for the legs below the thighs, no vizor to the helmet, and the like.
Demitted	of Demit
Demitting	of Demit
Demit	To let fall; to depress.
Demit	To yield or submit; to humble; to lower; as, to demit one's self to humble duties.
Demit	To lay down, as an office; to resign.
Demitint	That part of a painting, engraving, or the like, which is neither in full darkness nor full light.
Demitint	The shade itself; neither the darkest nor the lightest in a composition. Also called half tint.
Demitone	Semitone.
Demiurge	The chief magistrate in some of the Greek states.
Demiurge	God, as the Maker of the world.
Demiurge	According to the Gnostics, an agent or one employed by the Supreme Being to create the material universe and man.
Demiurgic	Pertaining to a demiurge; formative; creative.
Demivill	A half vill, consisting of five freemen or frankpledges.
Demivolt	A half vault; one of the seven artificial motions of a horse, in which he raises his fore legs in a particular manner.
Demiwolf	A half wolf; a mongrel dog, between a dog and a wolf.
Demobilization	The disorganization or disarming of troops which have previously been mobilized or called into active service; the change from a war footing to a peace footing.
Demobilize	To disorganize, or disband and send home, as troops which have been mobilized.
Democracies	of Democracy
Democracy	Government by the people; a form of government in which the supreme power is retained and directly exercised by the people.
Democracy	Government by popular representation; a form of government in which the supreme power is retained by the people, but is indirectly exercised through a system of representation and delegated authority periodically renewed; a constitutional representative government; a republic.
Democracy	Collectively, the people, regarded as the source of government.
Democracy	The principles and policy of the Democratic party, so called.
Democrat	One who is an adherent or advocate of democracy, or government by the people.
Democrat	A member of the Democratic party.
Democratic	Pertaining to democracy; favoring democracy, or constructed upon the principle of government by the people.
Democratic	Relating to a political party so called.
Democratic	Befitting the common people; -- opposed to aristocratic.
Democratical	Democratic.
Democratically	In a democratic manner.
Democratism	The principles or spirit of a democracy.
Democratist	A democrat.
Democratize	To render democratic.
Democraty	Democracy.
Demogorgon	A mysterious, terrible, and evil divinity, regarded by some as the author of creation, by others as a great magician who was supposed to command the spirits of the lower world. See Gorgon.
Demography	The study of races, as to births, marriages, mortality, health, etc.
Demoiselle	A young lady; a damsel; a lady's maid.
Demoiselle	The Numidian crane (Anthropoides virgo); -- so called on account of the grace and symmetry of its form and movements.
Demoiselle	A beautiful, small dragon fly of the genus Agrion.
Demolished	of Demolish
Demolishing	of Demolish
Demolish	To throw or pull down; to raze; to destroy the fabric of; to pull to pieces; to ruin; as, to demolish an edifice, or a wall.
Demolisher	One who, or that which, demolishes; as, a demolisher of towns.
Demolishment	Demolition.
Demolition	The act of overthrowing, pulling down, or destroying a pile or structure; destruction by violence; utter overthrow; -- opposed to construction; as, the demolition of a house, of military works, of a town, or of hopes.
Demolitionist	A demolisher.
Demon	A spirit, or immaterial being, holding a middle place between men and deities in pagan mythology.
Demon	One's genius; a tutelary spirit or internal voice; as, the demon of Socrates.
Demon	An evil spirit; a devil.
Demoness	A female demon.
Demonetization	The act of demonetizing, or the condition of being demonetized.
Demonetize	To deprive of current value; to withdraw from use, as money.
Demoniac	Alt. of Demoniacal
Demoniacal	Pertaining to, or characteristic of, a demon or evil spirit; devilish; as, a demoniac being; demoniacal practices.
Demoniacal	Influenced or produced by a demon or evil spirit; as, demoniac or demoniacal power.
Demoniac	A human being possessed by a demon or evil spirit; one whose faculties are directly controlled by a demon.
Demoniac	One of a sect of Anabaptists who maintain that the demons or devils will finally be saved.
Demoniacally	In a demoniacal manner.
Demoniacism	The state of being demoniac, or the practices of demoniacs.
Demonial	Of or pertaining to a demon.
Demonian	Relating to, or having the nature of, a demon.
Demonianism	The state of being possessed by a demon or by demons.
Demoniasm	See Demonianism.
Demonic	Of or pertaining to a demon or to demons; demoniac.
Demonism	The belief in demons or false gods.
Demonist	A believer in, or worshiper of, demons.
Demonized	of Demonize
Demonizing	of Demonize
Demonize	To convert into a demon; to infuse the principles or fury of a demon into.
Demonize	To control or possess by a demon.
Demonocracy	The power or government of demons.
Demonographer	A demonologist.
Demonolatry	The worship of demons.
Demonologer	One versed in demonology.
Demonologic	Alt. of Demonological
Demonological	Of or pertaining to demonology.
Demonologist	One who writes on, or is versed in, demonology.
Demonology	A treatise on demons; a supposititious science which treats of demons and their manifestations.
Demonomagy	Magic in which the aid of demons is invoked; black or infernal magic.
Demonomania	A form of madness in which the patient conceives himself possessed of devils.
Demonomist	One in subjection to a demon, or to demons.
Demonomy	The dominion of demons.
Demonry	Demoniacal influence or possession.
Demonship	The state of a demon.
Demonstrability	The quality of being demonstrable; demonstrableness.
Demonstrable	Capable of being demonstrated; that can be proved beyond doubt or question.
Demonstrable	Proved; apparent.
Demonstrableness	The quality of being demonstrable; demonstrability.
Demonstrably	In a demonstrable manner; incontrovertibly; clearly.
Demonstrance	Demonstration; proof.
Demonstrate	To point out; to show; to exhibit; to make evident.
Demonstrate	To show, or make evident, by reasoning or proof; to prove by deduction; to establish so as to exclude the possibility of doubt or denial.
Demonstrate	To exhibit and explain (a dissection or other anatomical preparation).
Demonstrater	See Demonstrator.
Demonstration	The act of demonstrating; an exhibition; proof; especially, proof beyond the possibility of doubt; indubitable evidence, to the senses or reason.
Demonstration	An expression, as of the feelings, by outward signs; a manifestation; a show.
Demonstration	The exhibition and explanation of a dissection or other anatomical preparation.
Demonstration	(Mil.) a decisive exhibition of force, or a movement indicating an attack.
Demonstration	The act of proving by the syllogistic process, or the proof itself.
Demonstration	A course of reasoning showing that a certain result is a necessary consequence of assumed premises; -- these premises being definitions, axioms, and previously established propositions.
Demonstrative	Having the nature of demonstration; tending to demonstrate; making evident; exhibiting clearly or conclusively.
Demonstrative	Expressing, or apt to express, much; displaying feeling or sentiment; as, her nature was demonstrative.
Demonstrative	Consisting of eulogy or of invective.
Demonstrative	A demonstrative pronoun; as, "this" and "that" are demonstratives.
Demonstratively	In a manner fitted to demonstrate; clearly; convincingly; forcibly.
Demonstrativeness	The state or quality of being demonstrative.
Demonstrator	One who demonstrates; one who proves anything with certainty, or establishes it by indubitable evidence.
Demonstrator	A teacher of practical anatomy.
Demonstratory	Tending to demonstrate; demonstrative.
Demorage	Demurrage.
Demoralization	The act of corrupting or subverting morals. Especially: The act of corrupting or subverting discipline, courage, hope, etc., or the state of being corrupted or subverted in discipline, courage, etc.; as, the demoralization of an army or navy.
Demoralized	of Demoralize
Demoralizing	of Demoralize
Demoralize	To corrupt or undermine in morals; to destroy or lessen the effect of moral principles on; to render corrupt or untrustworthy in morals, in discipline, in courage, spirit, etc.; to weaken in spirit or efficiency.
Demosthenic	Pertaining to, or in the style of, Demosthenes, the Grecian orator.
Demotic	Of or pertaining to the people; popular; common.
Demount	To dismount.
Dempne	To damn; to condemn.
Dempster	Alt. of Demster
Demster	A deemster.
Demster	An officer whose duty it was to announce the doom or sentence pronounced by the court.
Demulce	To soothe; to mollify; to pacify; to soften.
Demulcent	Softening; mollifying; soothing; assuasive; as, oil is demulcent.
Demulcent	A substance, usually of a mucilaginous or oily nature, supposed to be capable of soothing an inflamed nervous membrane, or protecting it from irritation. Gum Arabic, glycerin, olive oil, etc., are demulcents.
Demulsion	The act of soothing; that which soothes.
Demurred	of Demur
Demurring	of Demur
Demur	To linger; to stay; to tarry.
Demur	To delay; to pause; to suspend proceedings or judgment in view of a doubt or difficulty; to hesitate; to put off the determination or conclusion of an affair.
Demur	To scruple or object; to take exception; as, I demur to that statement.
Demur	To interpose a demurrer. See Demurrer, 2.
Demur	To suspend judgment concerning; to doubt of or hesitate about.
Demur	To cause delay to; to put off.
Demur	Stop; pause; hesitation as to proceeding; suspense of decision or action; scruple.
Demure	Of sober or serious mien; composed and decorous in bearing; of modest look; staid; grave.
Demure	Affectedly modest, decorous, or serious; making a show of gravity.
Demure	To look demurely.
Demurely	In a demure manner; soberly; gravely; -- now, commonly, with a mere show of gravity or modesty.
Demureness	The state of being demure; gravity; the show of gravity or modesty.
Demurity	Demureness; also, one who is demure.
Demurrable	That may be demurred to.
Demurrage	The detention of a vessel by the freighter beyond the time allowed in her charter party for loading, unloading, or sailing.
Demurrage	The allowance made to the master or owner of the ship for such delay or detention.
Demurral	Demur; delay in acting or deciding.
Demurrer	One who demurs.
Demurrer	A stop or pause by a party to an action, for the judgment of the court on the question, whether, assuming the truth of the matter alleged by the opposite party, it is sufficient in law to sustain the action or defense, and hence whether the party resting is bound to answer or proceed further.
Demies	of Demy
Demy	A printing and a writing paper of particular sizes. See under Paper.
Demy	A half fellow at Magdalen College, Oxford.
Demy	Pertaining to, or made of, the size of paper called demy; as, a demy book.
Den	A small cavern or hollow place in the side of a hill, or among rocks; esp., a cave used by a wild beast for shelter or concealment; as, a lion's den; a den of robbers.
Den	A squalid place of resort; a wretched dwelling place; a haunt; as, a den of vice.
Den	Any snug or close retreat where one goes to be alone.
Den	A narrow glen; a ravine; a dell.
Den	To live in, or as in, a den.
Denarcotize	To deprive of narcotine; as, to denarcotize opium.
Denarii	of Denarius
Denarius	A Roman silver coin of the value of about fourteen cents; the "penny" of the New Testament; -- so called from being worth originally ten of the pieces called as.
Denary	Containing ten; tenfold; proceeding by tens; as, the denary, or decimal, scale.
Denary	The number ten; a division into ten.
Denary	A coin; the Anglicized form of denarius.
Denationalization	The or process of denationalizing.
Denationalized	of Denationalize
Denationalizing	of Denationalize
Denationalize	To divest or deprive of national character or rights.
Denaturalized	of Denaturalize
Denaturalizing	of Denaturalize
Denaturalize	To render unnatural; to alienate from nature.
Denaturalize	To renounce the natural rights and duties of; to deprive of citizenship; to denationalize.
Denay	To deny.
Denay	Denial; refusal.
Dendrachate	Arborescent or dendritic agate.
Dendriform	Resembling in structure a tree or shrub.
Dendrite	A stone or mineral on or in which are branching figures resembling shrubs or trees, produced by a foreign mineral, usually an oxide of manganese, as in the moss agate; also, a crystallized mineral having an arborescent form, e. g., gold or silver; an arborization.
Dendritic	Alt. of Dendritical
Dendritical	Pertaining to a dendrite, or to arborescent crystallization; having a form resembling a shrub or tree; arborescent.
Dendroc/la	A division of the Turbellaria in which the digestive cavity gives off lateral branches, which are often divided into smaller branchlets.
Dendroid	Alt. of Dendroidal
Dendroidal	Resembling a shrub or tree in form; treelike.
Dendrolite	A petrified or fossil shrub, plant, or part of a plant.
Dendrologist	One versed in the natural history of trees.
Dendrologous	Relating to dendrology.
Dendrology	A discourse or treatise on trees; the natural history of trees.
Dendrometer	An instrument to measure the height and diameter of trees.
Denegate	To deny.
Denegation	Denial.
Dengue	A specific epidemic disease attended with high fever, cutaneous eruption, and severe pains in the head and limbs, resembling those of rheumatism; -- called also breakbone fever. It occurs in India, Egypt, the West Indies, etc., is of short duration, and rarely fatal.
Deniable	Capable of being, or liable to be, denied.
Denial	The act of gainsaying, refusing, or disowning; negation; -- the contrary of affirmation.
Denial	A refusal to admit the truth of a statement, charge, imputation, etc.; assertion of the untruth of a thing stated or maintained; a contradiction.
Denial	A refusal to grant; rejection of a request.
Denial	A refusal to acknowledge; disclaimer of connection with; disavowal; -- the contrary of confession; as, the denial of a fault charged on one; a denial of God.
Deniance	Denial.
Denier	One who denies; as, a denier of a fact, or of the faith, or of Christ.
Denier	A small copper coin of insignificant value.
Denigrate	To blacken thoroughly; to make very black.
Denigrate	Fig.: To blacken or sully; to defame.
Denigration	The act of making black.
Denigration	Fig.: A blackening; defamation.
Denigrator	One who, or that which, blackens.
Denim	A coarse cotton drilling used for overalls, etc.
Denitration	A disengaging, or removal, of nitric acid.
Denitrification	The act or process of freeing from nitrogen; also, the condition resulting from the removal of nitrogen.
Denitrify	To deprive of, or free from, nitrogen.
Denization	The act of making one a denizen or adopted citizen; naturalization.
Denize	To make a denizen; to confer the rights of citizenship upon; to naturalize.
Denizen	A dweller; an inhabitant.
Denizen	One who is admitted by favor to all or a part of the rights of citizenship, where he did not possess them by birth; an adopted or naturalized citizen.
Denizen	One admitted to residence in a foreign country.
Denizen	To constitute (one) a denizen; to admit to residence, with certain rights and privileges.
Denizen	To provide with denizens; to populate with adopted or naturalized occupants.
Denizenation	Denization; denizening.
Denizenize	To constitute (one) a denizen; to denizen.
Denizenship	State of being a denizen.
Denmark satin	See under Satin.
Dennet	A light, open, two-wheeled carriage for one horse; a kind of gig.
Denominable	Capable of being denominated or named.
Denominated	of Denominate
Denominating	of Denominate
Denominate	To give a name to; to characterize by an epithet; to entitle; to name; to designate.
Denominate	Having a specific name or denomination; specified in the concrete as opposed to abstract; thus, 7 feet is a denominate quantity, while 7 is mere abstract quantity or number. See Compound number, under Compound.
Denomination	The act of naming or designating.
Denomination	That by which anything is denominated or styled; an epithet; a name, designation, or title; especially, a general name indicating a class of like individuals; a category; as, the denomination of units, or of thousands, or of fourths, or of shillings, or of tons.
Denomination	A class, or society of individuals, called by the same name; a sect; as, a denomination of Christians.
Denominational	Pertaining to a denomination, especially to a sect or society.
Denominationalism	A denominational or class spirit or policy; devotion to the interests of a sect or denomination.
Denominationalist	One imbued with a denominational spirit.
Denominationally	In a denominational manner; by denomination or sect.
Denominative	Conferring a denomination or name.
Denominative	Connotative; as, a denominative name.
Denominative	Possessing, or capable of possessing, a distinct denomination or designation; denominable.
Denominative	Derived from a substantive or an adjective; as, a denominative verb.
Denominative	A denominative name or term; denominative verb.
Denominatively	By denomination.
Denominator	One who, or that which, gives a name; origin or source of a name.
Denominator	That number placed below the line in vulgar fractions which shows into how many parts the integer or unit is divided.
Denominator	That part of any expression under a fractional form which is situated below the horizontal line signifying division.
Denotable	Capable of being denoted or marked.
Denotate	To mark off; to denote.
Denotation	The marking off or separation of anything.
Denotative	Having power to denote; designating or marking off.
Denoted	of Denote
Denoting	of Denote
Denote	To mark out plainly; to signify by a visible sign; to serve as the sign or name of; to indicate; to point out; as, the hands of the clock denote the hour.
Denote	To be the sign of; to betoken; to signify; to mean.
Denotement	Sign; indication.
Denotive	Serving to denote.
Denouement	The unraveling or discovery of a plot; the catastrophe, especially of a drama or a romance.
Denouement	The solution of a mystery; issue; outcome.
Denounced	of Denounce
Denouncing	of Denounce
Denounce	To make known in a solemn or official manner; to declare; to proclaim (especially an evil).
Denounce	To proclaim in a threatening manner; to threaten by some outward sign or expression.
Denounce	To point out as deserving of reprehension or punishment, etc.; to accuse in a threatening manner; to invoke censure upon; to stigmatize.
Denouncement	Solemn, official, or menacing announcement; denunciation.
Denouncer	One who denounces, or declares, as a menace.
Dense	Having the constituent parts massed or crowded together; close; compact; thick; containing much matter in a small space; heavy; opaque; as, a dense crowd; a dense forest; a dense fog.
Dense	Stupid; gross; crass; as, dense ignorance.
Densely	In a dense, compact manner.
Denseless	The quality of being dense; density.
Densimeter	An instrument for ascertaining the specific gravity or density of a substance.
Density	The quality of being dense, close, or thick; compactness; -- opposed to rarity.
Density	The ratio of mass, or quantity of matter, to bulk or volume, esp. as compared with the mass and volume of a portion of some substance used as a standard.
Density	Depth of shade.
Dent	A stroke; a blow.
Dent	A slight depression, or small notch or hollow, made by a blow or by pressure; an indentation.
Dented	of Dent
Denting	of Dent
Dent	To make a dent upon; to indent.
Dent	A tooth, as of a card, a gear wheel, etc.
Dental	Of or pertaining to the teeth or to dentistry; as, dental surgery.
Dental	Formed by the aid of the teeth; -- said of certain articulations and the letters representing them; as, d t are dental letters.
Dental	An articulation or letter formed by the aid of the teeth.
Dental	A marine mollusk of the genus Dentalium, with a curved conical shell resembling a tooth. See Dentalium.
Dentalism	The quality of being formed by the aid of the teeth.
Dentalium	A genus of marine mollusks belonging to the Scaphopoda, having a tubular conical shell.
Dentary	Pertaining to, or bearing, teeth.
Dentary	The distal bone of the lower jaw in many animals, which may or may not bear teeth.
Dentate	Alt. of Dentated
Dentated	Toothed; especially, with the teeth projecting straight out, not pointed either forward or backward; as, a dentate leaf.
Dentated	Having teeth or toothlike points. See Illust. of Antennae.
Dentate-ciliate	Having the margin dentate and also ciliate or fringed with hairs.
Dentately	In a dentate or toothed manner; as, dentately ciliated, etc.
Dentate-sinuate	Having a form intermediate between dentate and sinuate.
Dentation	Formation of teeth; toothed form.
Dented	Indented; impressed with little hollows.
Dentel	Same as Dentil.
Dentelle	An ornamental tooling like lace.
Dentelli	Modillions.
Dentex	An edible European marine fish (Sparus dentex, or Dentex vulgaris) of the family Percidae.
Denticete	The division of Cetacea in which the teeth are developed, including the sperm whale, dolphins, etc.
Denticle	A small tooth or projecting point.
Denticulate	Alt. of Denticulated
Denticulated	Furnished with denticles; notched into little toothlike projections; as, a denticulate leaf of calyx.
Denticulation	The state of being set with small notches or teeth.
Denticulation	A diminutive tooth; a denticle.
Dentiferous	Bearing teeth; dentigerous.
Dentiform	Having the form of a tooth or of teeth; tooth-shaped.
Dentifrice	A powder or other substance to be used in cleaning the teeth; tooth powder.
Dentigerous	Bearing teeth or toothlike structures.
Dentil	A small square block or projection in cornices, a number of which are ranged in an ornamental band; -- used particularly in the Ionic, Corinthian, and Composite orders.
Dentilabial	Formed by the teeth and the lips, or representing a sound so formed.
Dentilabial	A dentilabial sound or letter.
Dentilated	Toothed.
Dentilation	Dentition.
Dentilave	A wash for cleaning the teeth.
Dentile	A small tooth, like that of a saw.
Dentilingual	Produced by applying the tongue to the teeth or to the gums; or representing a sound so formed.
Dentilingual	A dentilingual sound or letter.
Dentiloquist	One who speaks through the teeth, that is, with the teeth closed.
Dentiloquy	The habit or practice of speaking through the teeth, or with them closed.
Dential	Of or pertaining to dentine.
Dentine	The dense calcified substance of which teeth are largely composed. It contains less animal matter than bone, and in the teeth of man is situated beneath the enamel.
Dentiphone	An instrument which, placed against the teeth, conveys sound to the auditory nerve; an audiphone.
Dentirostres	of Dentiroster
Dentiroster	A dentirostral bird.
Dentirostral	Having a toothed bill; -- applied to a group of passerine birds, having the bill notched, and feeding chiefly on insects, as the shrikes and vireos. See Illust. (N) under Beak.
Dentirostrate	Dentirostral.
Dentiscalp	An instrument for scraping the teeth.
Dentist	One whose business it is to clean, extract, or repair natural teeth, and to make and insert artificial ones; a dental surgeon.
Dentistic	Alt. of Dentistical
Dentistical	Pertaining to dentistry or to dentists.
Dentistry	The art or profession of a dentist; dental surgery.
Dentition	The development and cutting of teeth; teething.
Dentition	The system of teeth peculiar to an animal.
Dentized	of Dentize
Dentizing	of Dentize
Dentize	To breed or cut new teeth.
Dentoid	Shaped like a tooth; tooth-shaped.
Dentolingual	Dentilingual.
Denture	An artificial tooth, block, or set of teeth.
Denudate	To denude.
Denudation	The act of stripping off covering, or removing the surface; a making bare.
Denudation	The laying bare of rocks by the washing away of the overlying earth, etc.; or the excavation and removal of them by the action of running water.
Denude	To divest of all covering; to make bare or naked; to strip; to divest; as, to denude one of clothing, or lands.
Denunciate	To denounce; to condemn publicly or solemnly.
Denunciation	Proclamation; announcement; a publishing.
Denunciation	The act of denouncing; public menace or accusation; the act of inveighing against, stigmatizing, or publicly arraigning; arraignment.
Denunciation	That by which anything is denounced; threat of evil; public menace or accusation; arraignment.
Denunciative	Same as Denunciatory.
Denunciator	One who denounces, publishes, or proclaims, especially intended or coming evil; one who threatens or accuses.
Denunciatory	Characterized by or containing a denunciation; minatory; accusing; threatening; as, severe and denunciatory language.
Denutrition	The opposition of nutrition; the failure of nutrition causing the breaking down of tissue.
Denied	of Deny
Denying	of Deny
Deny	To declare not to be true; to gainsay; to contradict; -- opposed to affirm, allow, or admit.
Deny	To refuse (to do something or to accept something); to reject; to decline; to renounce.
Deny	To refuse to grant; to withhold; to refuse to gratify or yield to; as, to deny a request.
Deny	To disclaim connection with, responsibility for, and the like; to refuse to acknowledge; to disown; to abjure; to disavow.
Deny	To answer in /// negative; to declare an assertion not to be true.
Denyingly	In the manner of one denies a request.
Deobstruct	To remove obstructions or impediments in; to clear from anything that hinders the passage of fluids; as, to deobstruct the pores or lacteals.
Deobstruent	Removing obstructions; having power to clear or open the natural ducts of the fluids and secretions of the body; aperient.
Deobstruent	A medicine which removes obstructions; an aperient.
Deodand	A personal chattel which had caused the death of a person, and for that reason was given to God, that is, forfeited to the crown, to be applied to pious uses, and distributed in alms by the high almoner. Thus, if a cart ran over a man and killed him, it was forfeited as a deodand.
Deodar	A kind of cedar (Cedrus Deodara), growing in India, highly valued for its size and beauty as well as for its timber, and also grown in England as an ornamental tree.
Deodate	A gift or offering to God.
Deodorant	A deodorizer.
Deodorization	The act of depriving of odor, especially of offensive odors resulting from impurities.
Deodorize	To deprive of odor, especially of such as results from impurities.
Deodorizer	He who, or that which, deodorizes; esp., an agent that destroys offensive odors.
Deonerate	To unload; to disburden.
Deontological	Pertaining to deontology.
Deontologist	One versed in deontology.
Deontology	The science relat/ to duty or moral obligation.
Deoperculate	Having the lid removed; -- said of the capsules of mosses.
Deoppilate	To free from obstructions; to clear a passage through.
Deoppilation	Removal of whatever stops up the passages.
Deoppilative	Deobstruent; aperient.
Deordination	Disorder; dissoluteness.
Deosculate	To kiss warmly.
Deoxidate	To deoxidize.
Deoxidation	The act or process of reducing from the state of an oxide.
Deoxidization	Deoxidation.
Deoxidize	To deprive of oxygen; to reduce from the state of an oxide.
Deoxidizer	That which removes oxygen; hence, a reducing agent; as, nascent hydrogen is a deoxidizer.
Deoxygenate	To deoxidize.
Deoxygenation	The act or operation of depriving of oxygen.
Deoxygenize	To deoxidize.
Depaint	Painted.
Depainted	of Depaint
Depainting	of Depaint
Depaint	To paint; to picture; hence, to describe; to delineate in words; to depict.
Depaint	To mark with, or as with, color; to color.
Depainter	One who depaints.
Depardieux	In God's name; certainly.
Departed	of Depart
Departing	of Depart
Depart	To part; to divide; to separate.
Depart	To go forth or away; to quit, leave, or separate, as from a place or a person; to withdraw; -- opposed to arrive; -- often with from before the place, person, or thing left, and for or to before the destination.
Depart	To forsake; to abandon; to desist or deviate (from); not to adhere to; -- with from; as, we can not depart from our rules; to depart from a title or defense in legal pleading.
Depart	To pass away; to perish.
Depart	To quit this world; to die.
Depart	To part thoroughly; to dispart; to divide; to separate.
Depart	To divide in order to share; to apportion.
Depart	To leave; to depart from.
Depart	Division; separation, as of compound substances into their ingredients.
Depart	A going away; departure; hence, death.
Departable	Divisible.
Departer	One who refines metals by separation.
Departer	One who departs.
Department	Act of departing; departure.
Department	A part, portion, or subdivision.
Department	A distinct course of life, action, study, or the like; appointed sphere or walk; province.
Department	Subdivision of business or official duty; especially, one of the principal divisions of executive government; as, the treasury department; the war department; also, in a university, one of the divisions of instruction; as, the medical department; the department of physics.
Department	A territorial division; a district; esp., in France, one of the districts composed of several arrondissements into which the country is divided for governmental purposes; as, the Department of the Loire.
Department	A military subdivision of a country; as, the Department of the Potomac.
Departmental	Pertaining to a department or division.
Departure	Division; separation; putting away.
Departure	Separation or removal from a place; the act or process of departing or going away.
Departure	Removal from the present life; death; decease.
Departure	Deviation or abandonment, as from or of a rule or course of action, a plan, or a purpose.
Departure	The desertion by a party to any pleading of the ground taken by him in his last antecedent pleading, and the adoption of another.
Departure	The distance due east or west which a person or ship passes over in going along an oblique line.
Depascent	Feeding.
Depasture	To pasture; to feed; to graze; also, to use for pasture.
Depatriate	To withdraw, or cause to withdraw, from one's country; to banish.
Depauperated	of Depauperate
Depauperating	of Depauperate
Depauperate	To make poor; to impoverish.
Depauperate	Falling short of the natural size, from being impoverished or starved.
Depauperize	To free from paupers; to rescue from poverty.
Depeach	To discharge.
Depectible	Tough; thick; capable of extension.
Depeculation	A robbing or embezzlement.
Depeinct	To paint.
Depended	of Depend
Depending	of Depend
Depend	To hang down; to be sustained by being fastened or attached to something above.
Depend	To hang in suspense; to be pending; to be undetermined or undecided; as, a cause depending in court.
Depend	To rely for support; to be conditioned or contingent; to be connected with anything, as a cause of existence, or as a necessary condition; -- followed by on or upon, formerly by of.
Depend	To trust; to rest with confidence; to rely; to confide; to be certain; -- with on or upon; as, we depend on the word or assurance of our friends; we depend on the mail at the usual hour.
Depend	To serve; to attend; to act as a dependent or retainer.
Depend	To impend.
Dependable	Worthy of being depended on; trustworthy.
Dependant	Alt. of Dependancy
Dependance	Alt. of Dependancy
Dependancy	See Dependent, Dependence, Dependency.
Dependence	The act or state of depending; state of being dependent; a hanging down or from; suspension from a support.
Dependence	The state of being influenced and determined by something; subjection (as of an effect to its cause).
Dependence	Mutu/// /onnection and support; concatenation; systematic ///er relation.
Dependence	Subjection to the direction or disposal of another; inability to help or provide for one's self.
Dependence	A resting with confidence; reliance; trust.
Dependence	That on which one depends or relies; as, he was her sole dependence.
Dependence	That which depends; anything dependent or suspended; anything attached a subordinate to, or contingent on, something else.
Dependence	A matter depending, or in suspense, and still to be determined; ground of controversy or quarrel.
Dependencies	of Dependency
Dependency	State of being dependent; dependence; state of being subordinate; subordination; concatenation; connection; reliance; trust.
Dependency	A thing hanging down; a dependence.
Dependency	That which is attached to something else as its consequence, subordinate, satellite, and the like.
Dependency	A territory remote from the kingdom or state to which it belongs, but subject to its dominion; a colony; as, Great Britain has its dependencies in Asia, Africa, and America.
Dependent	Hanging down; as, a dependent bough or leaf.
Dependent	Relying on, or subject to, something else for support; not able to exist, or sustain itself, or to perform anything, without the will, power, or aid of something else; not self-sustaining; contingent or conditioned; subordinate; -- often with on or upon; as, dependent on God; dependent upon friends.
Dependent	One who depends; one who is sustained by another, or who relies on another for support of favor; a hanger-on; a retainer; as, a numerous train of dependents.
Dependent	That which depends; corollary; consequence.
Dependently	In a dependent manner.
Depender	One who depends; a dependent.
Dependingly	As having dependence.
Depeople	To depopulate.
Deperdit	That which is lost or destroyed.
Deperditely	Hopelessly; despairingly; in the manner of one ruined; as, deperditely wicked.
Deperdition	Loss; destruction.
Depertible	Divisible.
Dephlegm	To rid of phlegm or water; to dephlegmate.
Dephlegmated	of Dephlegmate
Dephlegmating	of Dephlegmate
Dephlegmate	To deprive of superabundant water, as by evaporation or distillation; to clear of aqueous matter; to rectify; -- used of spirits and acids.
Dephlegmation	The operation of separating water from spirits and acids, by evaporation or repeated distillation; -- called also concentration, especially when acids are the subject of it.
Dephlegmator	An instrument or apparatus in which water is separated by evaporation or distillation; the part of a distilling apparatus in which the separation of the vapors is effected.
Dephlegmatory	Pertaining to, or producing, dephlegmation.
Dephlegmedness	A state of being freed from water.
Dephlogisticated	of Dephlogisticcate
Dephlogisticating	of Dephlogisticcate
Dephlogisticcate	To deprive of phlogiston, or the supposed principle of inflammability.
Dephosphorization	The act of freeing from phosphorous.
Depict	Depicted.
Depict	Depicted.
Depicted	of Depict
Depicting	of Depict
Depict	To form a colored likeness of; to represent by a picture; to paint; to portray.
Depict	To represent in words; to describe vividly.
Depiction	A painting or depicting; a representation.
Depictured	of Depicture
Depicturing	of Depicture
Depicture	To make a picture of; to paint; to picture; to depict.
Depilated	of Depilate
Depilating	of Depilate
Depilate	To strip of hair; to husk.
Depilation	Act of pulling out or removing the hair; unhairing.
Depilatory	Having the quality or power of removing hair.
Depilatory	An application used to take off hair.
Depilous	Hairless.
Deplanate	Flattened; made level or even.
Deplant	To take up (plants); to transplant.
Deplantation	Act of taking up plants from beds.
Depleted	of Deplete
Depleting	of Deplete
Deplete	To empty or unload, as the vessels of human system, by bloodletting or by medicine.
Deplete	To reduce by destroying or consuming the vital powers of; to exhaust, as a country of its strength or resources, a treasury of money, etc.
Depletion	The act of depleting or emptying.
Depletion	the act or process of diminishing the quantity of fluid in the vessels by bloodletting or otherwise; also excessive evacuation, as in severe diarrhea.
Depletive	Able or fitted to deplete.
Depletive	A substance used to deplete.
Depletory	Serving to deplete.
Deplication	An unfolding, untwisting, or unplaiting.
Deploitation	Same as Exploitation.
Deplorability	Deplorableness.
Deplorable	Worthy of being deplored or lamented; lamentable; causing grief; hence, sad; calamitous; grievous; wretched; as, life's evils are deplorable.
Deplorableness	State of being deplorable.
Deplorably	In a deplorable manner.
Deplorate	Deplorable.
Deploration	The act of deploring or lamenting; lamentation.
Deplored	of Deplore
Deploring	of Deplore
Deplore	To feel or to express deep and poignant grief for; to bewail; to lament; to mourn; to sorrow over.
Deplore	To complain of.
Deplore	To regard as hopeless; to give up.
Deplore	To lament.
Deploredly	Lamentably.
Deploredness	The state of being deplored or deplorable.
Deplorement	Deploration.
Deplorre	One who deplores.
Deploringly	In a deploring manner.
Deployed	of Deploy
Deploying	of Deploy
Deploy	To open out; to unfold; to spread out (a body of troops) in such a way that they shall display a wider front and less depth; -- the reverse of ploy; as, to deploy a column of troops into line of battle.
Deploy	Alt. of Deployment
Deployment	The act of deploying; a spreading out of a body of men in order to extend their front.
Deplumate	Destitute or deprived of features; deplumed.
Deplumation	The stripping or falling off of plumes or feathers.
Deplumation	A disease of the eyelids, attended with loss of the eyelashes.
Deplumed	of Deplume
Depluming	of Deplume
Deplume	To strip or pluck off the feather of; to deprive of of plumage.
Deplume	To lay bare; to expose.
Depolarization	The act of depriving of polarity, or the result of such action; reduction to an unpolarized condition.
Depolarized	of Depolarize
Depolarizing	of Depolarize
Depolarize	To deprive of polarity; to reduce to an unpolarized condition.
Depolarize	To free from polarization, as the negative plate of the voltaic battery.
Depolarizer	A substance used to prevent polarization, as upon the negative plate of a voltaic battery.
Depolish	To remove the polish or glaze from.
Depolishing	The process of removing the vitreous glaze from porcelain, leaving the dull luster of the surface of ivory porcelain.
Deponed	of Depone
Deponing	of Depone
Depone	To lay, as a stake; to wager.
Depone	To lay down.
Depone	To assert under oath; to depose.
Depone	To testify under oath; to depose; to bear witness.
Deponent	One who deposes or testifies under oath; one who gives evidence; usually, one who testifies in writing.
Deponent	A deponent verb.
Deponent	Having a passive form with an active meaning, as certain latin and Greek verbs.
Depopulacy	Depopulation; destruction of population.
Depopulated	of Depopulate
Depopulating	of Depopulate
Depopulate	To deprive of inhabitants, whether by death or by expulsion; to reduce greatly the populousness of; to dispeople; to unpeople.
Depopulate	To become dispeopled.
Depopulation	The act of depopulating, or condition of being depopulated; destruction or explusion of inhabitants.
Depopulator	One who depopulates; a dispeopler.
Deported	of Deport
Deporting	of Deport
Deport	To transport; to carry away; to exile; to send into banishment.
Deport	To carry or demean; to conduct; to behave; -- followed by the reflexive pronoun.
Deport	Behavior; carriage; demeanor; deportment.
Deportation	The act of deporting or exiling, or the state of being deported; banishment; transportation.
Deportment	Manner of deporting or demeaning one's self; manner of acting; conduct; carriage; especially, manner of acting with respect to the courtesies and duties of life; behavior; demeanor; bearing.
Deporture	Deportment.
Deposable	Capable of being deposed or deprived of office.
Deposal	The act of deposing from office; a removal from the throne.
Deposed	of Depose
Deposing	of Depose
Depose	To lay down; to divest one's self of; to lay aside.
Depose	To let fall; to deposit.
Depose	To remove from a throne or other high station; to dethrone; to divest or deprive of office.
Depose	To testify under oath; to bear testimony to; -- now usually said of bearing testimony which is officially written down for future use.
Depose	To put under oath.
Depose	To bear witness; to testify under oath; to make deposition.
Deposer	One who deposes or degrades from office.
Deposer	One who testifies or deposes; a deponent.
Deposited	of Deposit
Depositing	of Deposit
Deposit	To lay down; to place; to put; to let fall or throw down (as sediment); as, a crocodile deposits her eggs in the sand; the waters deposited a rich alluvium.
Deposit	To lay up or away for safe keeping; to put up; to store; as, to deposit goods in a warehouse.
Deposit	To lodge in some one's hands for safe keeping; to commit to the custody of another; to intrust; esp., to place in a bank, as a sum of money subject to order.
Deposit	To lay aside; to rid one's self of.
Deposit	That which is deposited, or laid or thrown down; as, a deposit in a flue; especially, matter precipitated from a solution (as the siliceous deposits of hot springs), or that which is mechanically deposited (as the mud, gravel, etc., deposits of a river).
Deposit	A natural occurrence of a useful mineral under the conditions to invite exploitation.
Deposit	That which is placed anywhere, or in any one's hands, for safe keeping; something intrusted to the care of another; esp., money lodged with a bank or banker, subject to order; anything given as pledge or security.
Deposit	A bailment of money or goods to be kept gratuitously for the bailor.
Deposit	Money lodged with a party as earnest or security for the performance of a duty assumed by the person depositing.
Deposit	A place of deposit; a depository.
Depositaries	of Depositary
Depositary	One with whom anything is lodged in the trust; one who receives a deposit; -- the correlative of depositor.
Depositary	A storehouse; a depository.
Depositary	One to whom goods are bailed, to be kept for the bailor without a recompense.
Deposition	The act of depositing or deposing; the act of laying down or thrown down; precipitation.
Deposition	The act of bringing before the mind; presentation.
Deposition	The act of setting aside a sovereign or a public officer; deprivation of authority and dignity; displacement; removal.
Deposition	That which is deposited; matter laid or thrown down; sediment; alluvial matter; as, banks are sometimes depositions of alluvial matter.
Deposition	An opinion, example, or statement, laid down or asserted; a declaration.
Deposition	The act of laying down one's testimony in writing; also, testimony laid or taken down in writing, under oath or affirmation, before some competent officer, and in reply to interrogatories and cross-interrogatories.
Depositor	One who makes a deposit, especially of money in a bank; -- the correlative of depository.
Depositories	of Depository
Depository	A place where anything is deposited for sale or keeping; as, warehouse is a depository for goods; a clerk's office is a depository for records.
Depository	One with whom something is deposited; a depositary.
Depositum	Deposit.
Depositure	The act of depositing; deposition.
Depot	A place of deposit for the storing of goods; a warehouse; a storehouse.
Depot	A military station where stores and provisions are kept, or where recruits are assembled and drilled.
Depot	The headquarters of a regiment, where all supplies are received and distributed, recruits are assembled and instructed, infirm or disabled soldiers are taken care of, and all the wants of the regiment are provided for.
Depot	A railway station; a building for the accommodation and protection of railway passengers or freight.
Depper	Deeper.
Depravation	Detraction; depreciation.
Depravation	The act of depraving, or making anything bad; the act of corrupting.
Depravation	The state of being depraved or degenerated; degeneracy; depravity.
Depravation	Change for the worse; deterioration; morbid perversion.
Depraved	of Deprave
Depraving	of Deprave
Deprave	To speak ill of; to depreciate; to malign; to revile.
Deprave	To make bad or worse; to vitiate; to corrupt.
Depravedly	In a depraved manner.
Depravedness	Depravity.
Depravement	Depravity.
Depraver	One who deprave or corrupts.
Depravingly	In a depraving manner.
Depravity	The state of being depraved or corrupted; a vitiated state of moral character; general badness of character; wickedness of mind or heart; absence of religious feeling and principle.
Deprecable	That may or should be deprecated.
Deprecated	of Deprecate
Deprecating	of Deprecate
Deprecate	To pray against, as an evil; to seek to avert by prayer; to desire the removal of; to seek deliverance from; to express deep regret for; to disapprove of strongly.
Deprecatingly	In a deprecating manner.
Deprecation	The act of deprecating; a praying against evil; prayer that an evil may be removed or prevented; strong expression of disapprobation.
Deprecation	Entreaty for pardon; petitioning.
Deprecation	An imprecation or curse.
Deprecative	Serving to deprecate; deprecatory.
Deprecator	One who deprecates.
Deprecatory	Serving to deprecate; tending to remove or avert evil by prayer; apologetic.
Depreciated	of Depreciate
Depreciating	of Depreciate
Depreciate	To lessen in price or estimated value; to lower the worth of; to represent as of little value or claim to esteem; to undervalue.
Depreciate	To fall in value; to become of less worth; to sink in estimation; as, a paper currency will depreciate, unless it is convertible into specie.
Depreciation	The act of lessening, or seeking to lessen, price, value, or reputation.
Depreciation	The falling of value; reduction of worth.
Depreciation	the state of being depreciated.
Depreciative	Tending, or intended, to depreciate; expressing depreciation; undervaluing.
Depreciator	One who depreciates.
Depreciatory	Tending to depreciate; undervaluing; depreciative.
Depredable	Liable to depredation.
Depredated	of Depredate
Depredating	of Depredate
Depredate	To subject to plunder and pillage; to despoil; to lay waste; to prey upon.
Depredate	To take plunder or prey; to commit waste; as, the troops depredated on the country.
Depredation	The act of depredating, or the state of being depredated; the act of despoiling or making inroads; as, the sea often makes depredation on the land.
Depredator	One who plunders or pillages; a spoiler; a robber.
Depredatory	Tending or designed to depredate; characterized by depredation; plundering; as, a depredatory incursion.
Depreicate	To proclaim; to celebrate.
Deprehended	of Deprehend
Deprehending	of Deprehend
Deprehend	To take unwares or by surprise; to seize, as a person commiting an unlawful act; to catch; to apprehend.
Deprehend	To detect; to discover; to find out.
Deprehensible	That may be caught or discovered; apprehensible.
Deprehension	A catching; discovery.
Depressed	of Depress
Depressing	of Depress
Depress	To press down; to cause to sink; to let fall; to lower; as, to depress the muzzle of a gun; to depress the eyes.
Depress	To bring down or humble; to abase, as pride.
Depress	To cast a gloom upon; to sadden; as, his spirits were depressed.
Depress	To lessen the activity of; to make dull; embarrass, as trade, commerce, etc.
Depress	To lessen in price; to cause to decline in value; to cheapen; to depreciate.
Depress	To reduce (an equation) in a lower degree.
Depress	Having the middle lower than the border; concave.
Depressant	An agent or remedy which lowers the vital powers.
Depressed	Pressed or forced down; lowed; sunk; dejected; dispirited; sad; humbled.
Depressed	Concave on the upper side; -- said of a leaf whose disk is lower than the border.
Depressed	Lying flat; -- said of a stem or leaf which lies close to the ground.
Depressed	Having the vertical diameter shorter than the horizontal or transverse; -- said of the bodies of animals, or of parts of the bodies.
Depressingly	In a depressing manner.
Depression	The act of depressing.
Depression	The state of being depressed; a sinking.
Depression	A falling in of the surface; a sinking below its true place; a cavity or hollow; as, roughness consists in little protuberances and depressions.
Depression	Humiliation; abasement, as of pride.
Depression	Dejection; despondency; lowness.
Depression	Diminution, as of trade, etc.; inactivity; dullness.
Depression	The angular distance of a celestial object below the horizon.
Depression	The operation of reducing to a lower degree; -- said of equations.
Depression	A method of operating for cataract; couching. See Couch, v. t., 8.
Depressive	Able or tending to depress or cast down.
Depressomotor	Depressing or diminishing the capacity for movement, as depressomotor nerves, which lower or inhibit muscular activity.
Depressomotor	Any agent that depresses the activity of the motor centers, as bromides, etc.
Depressor	One who, or that which, presses down; an oppressor.
Depressor	A muscle that depresses or tends to draw down a part.
Depriment	Serving to depress.
Deprisure	Low estimation; disesteem; contempt.
Deprivable	Capable of being, or liable to be, deprived; liable to be deposed.
Deprivation	The act of depriving, dispossessing, or bereaving; the act of deposing or divesting of some dignity.
Deprivation	The state of being deprived; privation; loss; want; bereavement.
Deprivation	the taking away from a clergyman his benefice, or other spiritual promotion or dignity.
Deprived	of Deprive
Depriving	of Deprive
Deprive	To take away; to put an end; to destroy.
Deprive	To dispossess; to bereave; to divest; to hinder from possessing; to debar; to shut out from; -- with a remoter object, usually preceded by of.
Deprive	To divest of office; to depose; to dispossess of dignity, especially ecclesiastical.
Deprivement	Deprivation.
Depriver	One who, or that which, deprives.
Deprostrate	Fully prostrate; humble; low; rude.
Deprovincialize	To divest of provincial quality or characteristics.
Depth	The quality of being deep; deepness; perpendicular measurement downward from the surface, or horizontal measurement backward from the front; as, the depth of a river; the depth of a body of troops.
Depth	Profoundness; extent or degree of intensity; abundance; completeness; as, depth of knowledge, or color.
Depth	Lowness; as, depth of sound.
Depth	That which is deep; a deep, or the deepest, part or place; the deep; the middle part; as, the depth of night, or of winter.
Depth	The number of simple elements which an abstract conception or notion includes; the comprehension or content.
Depth	A pair of toothed wheels which work together.
Depthen	To deepen.
Depthless	Having no depth; shallow.
Depthless	Of measureless depth; unfathomable.
Depucelate	To deflour; to deprive of virginity.
Depudicate	To deflour; to dishonor.
Depulse	To drive away.
Depulsion	A driving or thrusting away.
Depulsory	Driving or thrusting away; averting.
Depurant	Depurative.
Depurate	Depurated; cleansed; freed from impurities.
Depurated	of Depurate
Depurating	of Depurate
Depurate	To free from impurities, heterogeneous matter, or feculence; to purify; to cleanse.
Depuration	The act or process of depurating or freeing from foreign or impure matter, as a liquid or wound.
Depurative	Purifying the blood or the humors; depuratory.
Depurative	A depurative remedy or agent; or a disease which is believed to be depurative.
Depurator	One who, or that which, cleanses.
Depuratory	Depurating; tending to depurate or cleanse; depurative.
Depure	To depurate; to purify.
Depurgatory	Serving to purge; tending to cleanse or purify.
Depurition	See Depuration.
Deputable	Fit to be deputed; suitable to act as a deputy.
Deputation	The act of deputing, or of appointing or commissioning a deputy or representative; office of a deputy or delegate; vicegerency.
Deputation	The person or persons deputed or commissioned by another person, party, or public body to act in his or its behalf; delegation; as, the general sent a deputation to the enemy to propose a truce.
Deputator	One who deputes, or makes a deputation.
Deputed	of Depute
Deputing	of Depute
Depute	To appoint as deputy or agent; to commission to act in one's place; to delegate.
Depute	To appoint; to assign; to choose.
Depute	A person deputed; a deputy.
Deputize	To appoint as one's deputy; to empower to act in one's stead; to depute.
Deputies	of Deputy
Deputy	One appointed as the substitute of another, and empowered to act for him, in his name or his behalf; a substitute in office; a lieutenant; a representative; a delegate; a vicegerent; as, the deputy of a prince, of a sheriff, of a township, etc.
Deputy	A member of the Chamber of Deputies.
Dequantitate	To diminish the quantity of; to disquantity.
Deracinated	of Deracinate
Deracinating	of Deracinate
Deracinate	To pluck up by the roots; to extirpate.
Deraination	The act of pulling up by the roots; eradication.
Deraign	Alt. of Derain
Derain	To prove or to refute by proof; to clear (one's self).
Deraignment	Alt. of Derainment
Derainment	The act of deraigning.
Derainment	The renunciation of religious or monastic vows.
Derailed	of Derail
Derailing	of Derail
Derail	To cause to run off from the rails of a railroad, as a locomotive.
Derailment	The act of going off, or the state of being off, the rails of a railroad.
Deranged	of Derange
Deranging	of Derange
Derange	To put out of place, order, or rank; to disturb the proper arrangement or order of; to throw into disorder, confusion, or embarrassment; to disorder; to disarrange; as, to derange the plans of a commander, or the affairs of a nation.
Derange	To disturb in action or function, as a part or organ, or the whole of a machine or organism.
Derange	To disturb in the orderly or normal action of the intellect; to render insane.
Deranged	Disordered; especially, disordered in mind; crazy; insane.
Derangement	The act of deranging or putting out of order, or the state of being deranged; disarrangement; disorder; confusion; especially, mental disorder; insanity.
Deranger	One who deranges.
Deray	Disorder; merriment.
Derbio	A large European food fish (Lichia glauca).
Derby	A race for three-old horses, run annually at Epsom (near London), for the Derby stakes. It was instituted by the 12th Earl of Derby, in 1780.
Derby	A stiff felt hat with a dome-shaped crown.
Derbyshire spar	A massive variety of fluor spar, found in Derbyshire, England, and wrought into vases and other ornamental work.
Derdoing	Doing daring or chivalrous deeds.
Dere	To hurt; to harm; to injure.
Dere	Harm.
Dereine	Alt. of Dereyne
Dereyne	Same as Darraign.
Derelict	Given up or forsaken by the natural owner or guardian; left and abandoned; as, derelict lands.
Derelict	Lost; adrift; hence, wanting; careless; neglectful; unfaithful.
Derelict	A thing voluntary abandoned or willfully cast away by its proper owner, especially a ship abandoned at sea.
Derelict	A tract of land left dry by the sea, and fit for cultivation or use.
Dereliction	The act of leaving with an intention not to reclaim or resume; an utter forsaking abandonment.
Dereliction	A neglect or omission as if by willful abandonment.
Dereliction	The state of being left or abandoned.
Dereliction	A retiring of the sea, occasioning a change of high-water mark, whereby land is gained.
Dereligionize	To make irreligious; to turn from religion.
Dereling	Darling.
Dereling	Darling.
Derf	Strong; powerful; fierce.
Derided	of Deride
Deriding	of Deride
Deride	To laugh at with contempt; to laugh to scorn; to turn to ridicule or make sport of; to mock; to scoff at.
Derider	One who derides, or laughs at, another in contempt; a mocker; a scoffer.
Deridingly	By way of derision or mockery.
Derision	The act of deriding, or the state of being derided; mockery; scornful or contemptuous treatment which holds one up to ridicule.
Derision	An object of derision or scorn; a laughing-stock.
Derisive	Expressing, serving for, or characterized by, derision.
Derisory	Derisive; mocking.
Derivable	That can be derived; obtainable by transmission; capable of being known by inference, as from premises or data; capable of being traced, as from a radical; as, income is derivable from various sources.
Derivably	By derivation.
Derival	Derivation.
Derivate	Derived; derivative.
Derivate	A thing derived; a derivative.
Derivate	To derive.
Derivation	A leading or drawing off of water from a stream or source.
Derivation	The act of receiving anything from a source; the act of procuring an effect from a cause, means, or condition, as profits from capital, conclusions or opinions from evidence.
Derivation	The act of tracing origin or descent, as in grammar or genealogy; as, the derivation of a word from an Aryan root.
Derivation	The state or method of being derived; the relation of origin when established or asserted.
Derivation	That from which a thing is derived.
Derivation	That which is derived; a derivative; a deduction.
Derivation	The operation of deducing one function from another according to some fixed law, called the law of derivation, as the of differentiation or of integration.
Derivation	A drawing of humors or fluids from one part of the body to another, to relieve or lessen a morbid process.
Derivational	Relating to derivation.
Derivative	Obtained by derivation; derived; not radical, original, or fundamental; originating, deduced, or formed from something else; secondary; as, a derivative conveyance; a derivative word.
Derivative	That which is derived; anything obtained or deduced from another.
Derivative	A word formed from another word, by a prefix or suffix, an internal modification, or some other change; a word which takes its origin from a root.
Derivative	A chord, not fundamental, but obtained from another by inversion; or, vice versa, a ground tone or root implied in its harmonics in an actual chord.
Derivative	An agent which is adapted to produce a derivation (in the medical sense).
Derivative	A derived function; a function obtained from a given function by a certain algebraic process.
Derivative	A substance so related to another substance by modification or partial substitution as to be regarded as derived from it; thus, the amido compounds are derivatives of ammonia, and the hydrocarbons are derivatives of methane, benzene, etc.
Derived	of Derive
Deriving	of Derive
Derive	To turn the course of, as water; to divert and distribute into subordinate channels; to diffuse; to communicate; to transmit; -- followed by to, into, on, upon.
Derive	To receive, as from a source or origin; to obtain by descent or by transmission; to draw; to deduce; -- followed by from.
Derive	To trace the origin, descent, or derivation of; to recognize transmission of; as, he derives this word from the Anglo-Saxon.
Derive	To obtain one substance from another by actual or theoretical substitution; as, to derive an organic acid from its corresponding hydrocarbon.
Derive	To flow; to have origin; to descend; to proceed; to be deduced.
Derivement	That which is derived; deduction; inference.
Deriver	One who derives.
Derk	Dark.
-derm	A suffix or terminal formative, much used in anatomical terms, and signifying skin, integument, covering; as, blastoderm, ectoderm, etc.
Derm	The integument of animal; the skin.
Derm	See Dermis.
Derma	See Dermis.
Dermal	Pertaining to the integument or skin of animals; dermic; as, the dermal secretions.
Dermal	Pertaining to the dermis or true skin.
Dermaptera	Alt. of Dermapteran
Dermapteran	See Dermoptera, Dermopteran.
Dermatic	Alt. of Dermatine
Dermatine	Of or pertaining to the skin.
Dermatitis	Inflammation of the skin.
Dermatogen	Nascent epidermis, or external cuticle of plants in a forming condition.
Dermatogen	Nascent epidermis, or external cuticle of plants in a forming condition.
Dermatography	An anatomical description of, or treatise on, the skin.
Dermatoid	Resembling skin; skinlike.
Dermatologist	One who discourses on the skin and its diseases; one versed in dermatology.
Dermatology	The science which treats of the skin, its structure, functions, and diseases.
Dermatopathic	Of or pertaining to skin diseases, or their cure.
Dermatophyte	A vegetable parasite, infesting the skin.
Dermestes	A genus of coleopterous insects, the larvae of which feed animal substances. They are very destructive to dries meats, skins, woolens, and furs. The most common species is D. lardarius, known as the bacon beetle.
Dermestoid	Pertaining to or resembling the genus Dermestes.
Dermic	Relating to the derm or skin.
Dermic	Pertaining to the dermis; dermal.
Dermis	The deep sensitive layer of the skin beneath the scarfskin or epidermis; -- called also true skin, derm, derma, corium, cutis, and enderon. See Skin, and Illust. in Appendix.
Dermobranchiata	A group of nudibranch mollusks without special gills.
Dermobranchiate	Having the skin modified to serve as a gill.
Dermohaemal	Pertaining to, or in relation with, both dermal and haemal structures; as, the dermohaemal spines or ventral fin rays of fishes.
Dermoid	Same as Dermatoid.
Dermoneural	Pertaining to, or in relation with, both dermal and neural structures; as, the dermoneural spines or dorsal fin rays of fishes.
Dermopathic	Dermatopathic.
Dermophyte	A dermatophyte.
Dermoptera	The division of insects which includes the earwigs (Forticulidae).
Dermoptera	A group of lemuroid mammals having a parachutelike web of skin between the fore and hind legs, of which the colugo (Galeopithecus) is the type. See Colugo.
Dermoptera	An order of Mammalia; the Cheiroptera.
Dermopteran	An insect which has the anterior pair of wings coriaceous, and does not use them in flight, as the earwig.
Dermopteri	Same as Dermopterygii.
Dermopterygii	A group of fishlike animals including the Marsipobranchiata and Leptocardia.
Dermoskeleton	See Exoskeleton.
Dermostosis	Ossification of the dermis.
Dern	A gatepost or doorpost.
Dern	Hidden; concealed; secret.
Dern	Solitary; sad.
Derne	To hide; to skulk.
Dernful	Secret; hence, lonely; sad; mournful.
Dernier	Last; final.
Dernly	Secretly; grievously; mournfully.
Derogant	Derogatory.
Derogated	of Derogate
Derogating	of Derogate
Derogate	To annul in part; to repeal partly; to restrict; to limit the action of; -- said of a law.
Derogate	To lessen; to detract from; to disparage; to depreciate; -- said of a person or thing.
Derogate	To take away; to detract; to withdraw; -- usually with from.
Derogate	To act beneath one-s rank, place, birth, or character; to degenerate.
Derogate	Diminished in value; dishonored; degraded.
Derogately	In a derogatory manner.
Derogation	The act of derogating, partly repealing, or lessening in value; disparagement; detraction; depreciation; -- followed by of, from, or to.
Derogation	An alteration of, or subtraction from, a contract for a sale of stocks.
Derogative	Derogatory.
Derogator	A detractor.
Derogatorily	In a derogatory manner; disparagingly.
Derogatoriness	Quality of being derogatory.
Derogatory	Tending to derogate, or lessen in value; expressing derogation; detracting; injurious; -- with from to, or unto.
Derotremata	The tribe of aquatic Amphibia which includes Amphiuma, Menopoma, etc. They have permanent gill openings, but no external gills; -- called also Cryptobranchiata.
Derre	Dearer.
Derrick	A mast, spar, or tall frame, supported at the top by stays or guys, with suitable tackle for hoisting heavy weights, as stones in building.
Derring	Daring or warlike.
Derringer	A kind of short-barreled pocket pistol, of very large caliber, often carrying a half-ounce ball.
Derth	Dearth; scarcity.
Dertrotheca	The horny covering of the end of the bill of birds.
Dervish	Alt. of Dervis
Dervise	Alt. of Dervis
Dervis	A Turkish or Persian monk, especially one who professes extreme poverty and leads an austere life.
Derworth	Precious.
Descant	Originally, a double song; a melody or counterpoint sung above the plain song of the tenor; a variation of an air; a variation by ornament of the main subject or plain song.
Descant	The upper voice in part music.
Descant	The canto, cantus, or soprano voice; the treble.
Descant	A discourse formed on its theme, like variations on a musical air; a comment or comments.
Descanted	of Descant
Descanting	of Descant
Descant	To sing a variation or accomplishment.
Descant	To comment freely; to discourse with fullness and particularity; to discourse at large.
Descanter	One who descants.
Descended	of Descend
Descending	of Descend
Descend	To pass from a higher to a lower place; to move downwards; to come or go down in any way, as by falling, flowing, walking, etc.; to plunge; to fall; to incline downward; -- the opposite of ascend.
Descend	To enter mentally; to retire.
Descend	To make an attack, or incursion, as if from a vantage ground; to come suddenly and with violence; -- with on or upon.
Descend	To come down to a lower, less fortunate, humbler, less virtuous, or worse, state or station; to lower or abase one's self; as, he descended from his high estate.
Descend	To pass from the more general or important to the particular or less important matters to be considered.
Descend	To come down, as from a source, original, or stock; to be derived; to proceed by generation or by transmission; to fall or pass by inheritance; as, the beggar may descend from a prince; a crown descends to the heir.
Descend	To move toward the south, or to the southward.
Descend	To fall in pitch; to pass from a higher to a lower tone.
Descend	To go down upon or along; to pass from a higher to a lower part of; as, they descended the river in boats; to descend a ladder.
Descendant	Descendent.
Descendant	One who descends, as offspring, however remotely; -- correlative to ancestor or ascendant.
Descendent	Descending; falling; proceeding from an ancestor or source.
Descender	One who descends.
Descendibility	The quality of being descendible; capability of being transmitted from ancestors; as, the descendibility of an estate.
Descendible	Admitting descent; capable of being descended.
Descendible	That may descend from an ancestor to an heir.
Descending	Of or pertaining to descent; moving downwards.
Descendingly	In a descending manner.
Descension	The act of going downward; descent; falling or sinking; declension; degradation.
Descensional	Pertaining to descension.
Descensive	Tending to descend; tending downwards; descending.
Descensory	A vessel used in alchemy to extract oils.
Descent	The act of descending, or passing downward; change of place from higher to lower.
Descent	Incursion; sudden attack; especially, hostile invasion from sea; -- often followed by upon or on; as, to make a descent upon the enemy.
Descent	Progress downward, as in station, virtue, as in station, virtue, and the like, from a higher to a lower state, from a higher to a lower state, from the more to the less important, from the better to the worse, etc.
Descent	Derivation, as from an ancestor; procedure by generation; lineage; birth; extraction.
Descent	Transmission of an estate by inheritance, usually, but not necessarily, in the descending line; title to inherit an estate by reason of consanguinity.
Descent	Inclination downward; a descending way; inclined or sloping surface; declivity; slope; as, a steep descent.
Descent	That which is descended; descendants; issue.
Descent	A step or remove downward in any scale of gradation; a degree in the scale of genealogy; a generation.
Descent	Lowest place; extreme downward place.
Descent	A passing from a higher to a lower tone.
Describable	That can be described; capable of description.
Described	of Describe
Describing	of Describe
Describe	To represent by drawing; to draw a plan of; to delineate; to trace or mark out; as, to describe a circle by the compasses; a torch waved about the head in such a way as to describe a circle.
Describe	To represent by words written or spoken; to give an account of; to make known to others by words or signs; as, the geographer describes countries and cities.
Describe	To distribute into parts, groups, or classes; to mark off; to class.
Describe	To use the faculty of describing; to give a description; as, Milton describes with uncommon force and beauty.
Describent	Same as Generatrix.
Describer	One who describes.
Descrier	One who descries.
Description	The act of describing; a delineation by marks or signs.
Description	A sketch or account of anything in words; a portraiture or representation in language; an enumeration of the essential qualities of a thing or species.
Description	A class to which a certain representation is applicable; kind; sort.
Descriptive	Tending to describe; having the quality of representing; containing description; as, a descriptive figure; a descriptive phrase; a descriptive narration; a story descriptive of the age.
Descrive	To describe.
Descried	of Descry
Descrying	of Descry
Descry	To spy out or discover by the eye, as objects distant or obscure; to espy; to recognize; to discern; to discover.
Descry	To discover; to disclose; to reveal.
Descry	Discovery or view, as of an army seen at a distance.
Desecate	To cut, as with a scythe; to mow.
Desecrated	of Desecrate
Desecrating	of Desecrate
Desecrate	To divest of a sacred character or office; to divert from a sacred purpose; to violate the sanctity of; to profane; to put to an unworthy use; -- the opposite of consecrate.
Desecrater	One who desecrates; a profaner.
Desecration	The act of desecrating; profanation; condition of anything desecrated.
Desecrator	One who desecrates.
Desegmentation	The loss or obliteration of division into segments; as, a desegmentation of the body.
Desert	That which is deserved; the reward or the punishment justly due; claim to recompense, usually in a good sense; right to reward; merit.
Desert	A deserted or forsaken region; a barren tract incapable of supporting population, as the vast sand plains of Asia and Africa are destitute and vegetation.
Desert	A tract, which may be capable of sustaining a population, but has been left unoccupied and uncultivated; a wilderness; a solitary place.
Desert	Of or pertaining to a desert; forsaken; without life or cultivation; unproductive; waste; barren; wild; desolate; solitary; as, they landed on a desert island.
Deserted	of Desert
Deserting	of Desert
Desert	To leave (especially something which one should stay by and support); to leave in the lurch; to abandon; to forsake; -- implying blame, except sometimes when used of localities; as, to desert a friend, a principle, a cause, one's country.
Desert	To abandon (the service) without leave; to forsake in violation of duty; to abscond from; as, to desert the army; to desert one's colors.
Desert	To abandon a service without leave; to quit military service without permission, before the expiration of one's term; to abscond.
Deserter	One who forsakes a duty, a cause or a party, a friend, or any one to whom he owes service; especially, a soldier or a seaman who abandons the service without leave; one guilty of desertion.
Desertful	Meritorious.
Desertion	The act of deserting or forsaking; abandonment of a service, a cause, a party, a friend, or any post of duty; the quitting of one's duties willfully and without right; esp., an absconding from military or naval service.
Desertion	The state of being forsaken; desolation; as, the king in his desertion.
Desertion	Abandonment by God; spiritual despondency.
Desertless	Without desert.
Desertlessly	Undeservedly.
Desertness	A deserted condition.
Desertrix	Alt. of Desertrice
Desertrice	A feminine deserter.
Deserved	of Deserve
Deserving	of Deserve
Deserve	To earn by service; to be worthy of (something due, either good or evil); to merit; to be entitled to; as, the laborer deserves his wages; a work of value deserves praise.
Deserve	To serve; to treat; to benefit.
Deserve	To be worthy of recompense; -- usually with ill or with well.
Deservedly	According to desert (whether good or evil); justly.
Deservedness	Meritoriousness.
Deserver	One who deserves.
Deserving	Desert; merit.
Deserving	Meritorious; worthy; as, a deserving person or act.
Deshabille	An undress; a careless toilet.
Desiccant	Drying; desiccative.
Desiccant	A medicine or application for drying up a sore.
Desiccated	of Desiccate
Desiccating	of Desiccate
Desiccate	To dry up; to deprive or exhaust of moisture; to preserve by drying; as, to desiccate fish or fruit.
Desiccate	To become dry.
Desiccation	The act of desiccating, or the state of being desiccated.
Desiccative	Drying; tending to dry.
Desiccative	An application for drying up secretions.
Desiccator	One who, or that which, desiccates.
Desiccator	A short glass jar fitted with an air-tight cover, and containing some desiccating agent, as sulphuric acid or calcium chloride, above which is suspended the material to be dried, or preserved from moisture.
Desiccatory	Desiccative.
Desiderable	Desirable.
Desiderata	See Desideratum.
Desiderated	of Desiderate
Desiderating	of Desiderate
Desiderate	To desire; to feel the want of; to lack; to miss; to want.
Desideration	Act of desiderating; also, the thing desired.
Desiderative	Denoting desire; as, desiderative verbs.
Desiderative	An object of desire.
Desiderative	A verb formed from another verb by a change of termination, and expressing the desire of doing that which is indicated by the primitive verb.
Desiderata	of Desideratum
Desideratum	Anything desired; that of which the lack is felt; a want generally felt and acknowledge.
Desidiose	Alt. of Desidious
Desidious	Idle; lazy.
Desidiousness	The state or quality of being desidiose, or indolent.
Desight	An unsightly object.
Desightment	The act of making unsightly; disfigurement.
Designed	of Design
Designing	of Design
Design	To draw preliminary outline or main features of; to sketch for a pattern or model; to delineate; to trace out; to draw.
Design	To mark out and exhibit; to designate; to indicate; to show; to point out; to appoint.
Design	To create or produce, as a work of art; to form a plan or scheme of; to form in idea; to invent; to project; to lay out in the mind; as, a man designs an essay, a poem, a statue, or a cathedral.
Design	To intend or purpose; -- usually with for before the remote object, but sometimes with to.
Design	To form a design or designs; to plan.
Design	A preliminary sketch; an outline or pattern of the main features of something to be executed, as of a picture, a building, or a decoration; a delineation; a plan.
Design	A plan or scheme formed in the mind of something to be done; preliminary conception; idea intended to be expressed in a visible form or carried into action; intention; purpose; -- often used in a bad sense for evil intention or purpose; scheme; plot.
Design	Specifically, intention or purpose as revealed or inferred from the adaptation of means to an end; as, the argument from design.
Design	The realization of an inventive or decorative plan; esp., a work of decorative art considered as a new creation; conception or plan shown in completed work; as, this carved panel is a fine design, or of a fine design.
Design	The invention and conduct of the subject; the disposition of every part, and the general order of the whole.
Designable	Capable of being designated or distinctly marked out; distinguishable.
Designate	Designated; appointed; chosen.
Designated	of Designate
Designating	of Designate
Designate	To mark out and make known; to point out; to name; to indicate; to show; to distinguish by marks or description; to specify; as, to designate the boundaries of a country; to designate the rioters who are to be arrested.
Designate	To call by a distinctive title; to name.
Designate	To indicate or set apart for a purpose or duty; -- with to or for; to designate an officer for or to the command of a post or station.
Designation	The act of designating; a pointing out or showing; indication.
Designation	Selection and appointment for a purpose; allotment; direction.
Designation	That which designates; a distinguishing mark or name; distinctive title; appellation.
Designation	Use or application; import; intention; signification, as of a word or phrase.
Designative	Serving to designate or indicate; pointing out.
Designator	An officer who assigned to each his rank and place in public shows and ceremonies.
Designator	One who designates.
Designatory	Serving to designate; designative; indicating.
Designedly	By design; purposely; intentionally; -- opposed to accidentally, ignorantly, or inadvertently.
Designer	One who designs, marks out, or plans; a contriver.
Designer	One who produces or creates original works of art or decoration.
Designer	A plotter; a schemer; -- used in a bad sense.
Designful	Full of design; scheming.
Designing	Intriguing; artful; scheming; as, a designing man.
Designing	The act of making designs or sketches; the act of forming designs or plans.
Designless	Without design.
Designment	Delineation; sketch; design; ideal; invention.
Designment	Design; purpose; scheme.
Desilver	To deprive of silver; as, to desilver lead.
Desilverization	The act or the process of freeing from silver; also, the condition resulting from the removal of silver.
Desilverize	To deprive, or free from, silver; to remove silver from.
Desinence	Termination; ending.
Desinent	Ending; forming an end; lowermost.
Desinential	Terminal.
Desipient	Foolish; silly; trifling.
Desirability	The state or quality of being desirable; desirableness.
Desirable	Worthy of desire or longing; fitted to excite desire or a wish to possess; pleasing; agreeable.
Desirableness	The quality of being desirable.
Desirably	In a desirable manner.
Desired	of Desire
Desiring	of Desire
Desire	To long for; to wish for earnestly; to covet.
Desire	To express a wish for; to entreat; to request.
Desire	To require; to demand; to claim.
Desire	To miss; to regret.
Desire	The natural longing that is excited by the enjoyment or the thought of any good, and impels to action or effort its continuance or possession; an eager wish to obtain or enjoy.
Desire	An expressed wish; a request; petition.
Desire	Anything which is desired; an object of longing.
Desire	Excessive or morbid longing; lust; appetite.
Desire	Grief; regret.
Desireful	Filled with desire; eager.
Desirefulness	The state of being desireful; eagerness to obtain and possess.
Desireless	Free from desire.
Desirer	One who desires, asks, or wishes.
Desirous	Feeling desire; eagerly wishing; solicitous; eager to obtain; covetous.
Desirously	With desire; eagerly.
Desirousness	The state of being desirous.
Desisted	of Desist
Desisting	of Desist
Desist	To cease to proceed or act; to stop; to forbear; -- often with from.
Desistance	The act or state of desisting; cessation.
Desistive	Final; conclusive; ending.
Desition	An end or ending.
Desitive	Final; serving to complete; conclusive.
Desitive	A proposition relating to or expressing an end or conclusion.
Desk	A table, frame, or case, usually with sloping top, but often with flat top, for the use writers and readers. It often has a drawer or repository underneath.
Desk	A reading table or lectern to support the book from which the liturgical service is read, differing from the pulpit from which the sermon is preached; also (esp. in the United States), a pulpit. Hence, used symbolically for "the clerical profession."
Desked	of Desk
Desking	of Desk
Desk	To shut up, as in a desk; to treasure.
Deskwork	Work done at a desk, as by a clerk or writer.
Desman	An amphibious, insectivorous mammal found in Russia (Myogale moschata). It is allied to the moles, but is called muskrat by some English writers.
Desmid	Alt. of Desmidian
Desmidian	A microscopic plant of the family Desmidiae, a group of unicellular algae in which the species have a greenish color, and the cells generally appear as if they consisted of two coalescing halves.
Desmine	Same as Stilbite. It commonly occurs in bundles or tufts of crystals.
Desmobacteria	See Microbacteria.
Desmodont	A member of a group of South American blood-sucking bats, of the genera Desmodus and Diphylla. See Vampire.
Desmognathous	Having the maxillo-palatine bones united; -- applied to a group of carinate birds (Desmognathae), including various wading and swimming birds, as the ducks and herons, and also raptorial and other kinds.
Desmoid	Resembling, or having the characteristics of, a ligament; ligamentous.
Desmology	The science which treats of the ligaments.
Desmomyaria	The division of Tunicata which includes the Salpae. See Salpa.
Desolate	Destitute or deprived of inhabitants; deserted; uninhabited; hence, gloomy; as, a desolate isle; a desolate wilderness; a desolate house.
Desolate	Laid waste; in a ruinous condition; neglected; destroyed; as, desolate altars.
Desolate	Left alone; forsaken; lonely; comfortless.
Desolate	Lost to shame; dissolute.
Desolate	Destitute of; lacking in.
Desolated	of Desolate
Desolating	of Desolate
Desolate	To make desolate; to leave alone; to deprive of inhabitants; as, the earth was nearly desolated by the flood.
Desolate	To lay waste; to ruin; to ravage; as, a fire desolates a city.
Desolately	In a desolate manner.
Desolateness	The state of being desolate.
Desolater	One who, or that which, desolates or lays waste.
Desolation	The act of desolating or laying waste; destruction of inhabitants; depopulation.
Desolation	The state of being desolated or laid waste; ruin; solitariness; destitution; gloominess.
Desolation	A place or country wasted and forsaken.
Desolator	Same as Desolater.
Desolatory	Causing desolation.
Desophisticate	To clear from sophism or error.
Desoxalic	Made or derived from oxalic acid; as, desoxalic acid.
Despaired	of Despair
Despairing	of Despair
Despair	To be hopeless; to have no hope; to give up all hope or expectation; -- often with of.
Despair	To give up as beyond hope or expectation; to despair of.
Despair	To cause to despair.
Despair	Loss of hope; utter hopelessness; complete despondency.
Despair	That which is despaired of.
Despairer	One who despairs.
Despairful	Hopeless.
Despairing	Feeling or expressing despair; hopeless.
Desparple	To scatter; to disparkle.
Despatch	Same as Dispatch.
Despecificate	To discriminate; to separate according to specific signification or qualities; to specificate; to desynonymize.
Despecfication	Discrimination.
Despect	Contempt.
Despection	A looking down; a despising.
Despeed	To send hastily.
Despend	To spend; to squander. See Dispend.
Desperadoes	of Desperado
Desperado	A reckless, furious man; a person urged by furious passions, and regardless of consequence; a wild ruffian.
Desperate	Without hope; given to despair; hopeless.
Desperate	Beyond hope; causing despair; extremely perilous; irretrievable; past cure, or, at least, extremely dangerous; as, a desperate disease; desperate fortune.
Desperate	Proceeding from, or suggested by, despair; without regard to danger or safety; reckless; furious; as, a desperate effort.
Desperate	Extreme, in a bad sense; outrageous; -- used to mark the extreme predominance of a bad quality.
Desperate	One desperate or hopeless.
Desperately	In a desperate manner; without regard to danger or safety; recklessly; extremely; as, the troops fought desperately.
Desperateness	Desperation; virulence.
Desperation	The act of despairing or becoming desperate; a giving up of hope.
Desperation	A state of despair, or utter hopeless; abandonment of hope; extreme recklessness; reckless fury.
Despicability	Despicableness.
Despicable	Fit or deserving to be despised; contemptible; mean; vile; worthless; as, a despicable man; despicable company; a despicable gift.
Despicableness	The quality of being despicable; meanness; vileness; worthlessness.
Despicably	In a despicable or mean manner; contemptibly; as, despicably stingy.
Despiciency	A looking down; despection.
Despisable	Despicable; contemptible.
Despisal	A despising; contempt.
Despised	of Despise
Despising	of Despise
Despise	To look down upon with disfavor or contempt; to contemn; to scorn; to disdain; to have a low opinion or contemptuous dislike of.
Despisedness	The state of being despised.
Despisement	A despising.
Despiser	One who despises; a contemner; a scorner.
Despisingly	Contemptuously.
Despite	Malice; malignity; spite; malicious anger; contemptuous hate.
Despite	An act of malice, hatred, or defiance; contemptuous defiance; a deed of contempt.
Despited	of Despite
Despiting	of Despite
Despite	To vex; to annoy; to offend contemptuously.
Despite	In spite of; against, or in defiance of; notwithstanding; as, despite his prejudices.
Despiteful	Full of despite; expressing malice or contemptuous hate; malicious.
Despiteous	Feeling or showing despite; malicious; angry to excess; cruel; contemptuous.
Despiteously	Despitefully.
Despitous	Despiteous; very angry; cruel.
Despoiled	of Despoil
Despoiling	of Despoil
Despoil	To strip, as of clothing; to divest or unclothe.
Despoil	To deprive for spoil; to plunder; to rob; to pillage; to strip; to divest; -- usually followed by of.
Despoil	Spoil.
Despoiler	One who despoils.
Despoilment	Despoliation.
Despoliation	A stripping or plundering; spoliation.
Desponded	of Despond
Desponding	of Despond
Despond	To give up, the will, courage, or spirit; to be thoroughly disheartened; to lose all courage; to become dispirited or depressed; to take an unhopeful view.
Despond	Despondency.
Despondence	Despondency.
Despondency	The state of desponding; loss of hope and cessation of effort; discouragement; depression or dejection of the mind.
Despondent	Marked by despondence; given to despondence; low-spirited; as, a despondent manner; a despondent prisoner.
Desponder	One who desponds.
Despondingly	In a desponding manner.
Desponsage	Betrothal.
Desponsate	To betroth.
Desponsation	A betrothing; betrothal.
Desponsories	of Desponsory
Desponsory	A written pledge of marriage.
Desport	See Disport.
Despot	A master; a lord; especially, an absolute or irresponsible ruler or sovereign.
Despot	One who rules regardless of a constitution or laws; a tyrant.
Despotat	The station or government of a despot; also, the domain of a despot.
Despotic	Alt. of Despotical
Despotical	Having the character of, or pertaining to, a despot; absolute in power; possessing and abusing unlimited power; evincing despotism; tyrannical; arbitrary.
Despotism	The power, spirit, or principles of a despot; absolute control over others; tyrannical sway; tyranny.
Despotism	A government which is directed by a despot; a despotic monarchy; absolutism; autocracy.
Despotist	A supporter of despotism.
Despotize	To act the despot.
Despread	See Dispread.
Despumated	of Despumate
Despumating	of Despumate
Despumate	To throw off impurities in spume; to work off in foam or scum; to foam.
Despumation	The act of throwing up froth or scum; separation of the scum or impurities from liquids; scumming; clarification.
Despume	To free from spume or scum.
Desquamate	To peel off in the form of scales; to scale off, as the skin in certain diseases.
Desquamation	The separation or shedding of the cuticle or epidermis in the form of flakes or scales; exfoliation, as of bones.
Desquamative	Alt. of Desquamatory
Desquamatory	Of, pertaining to, or attended with, desquamation.
Desquamatory	An instrument formerly used in removing the laminae of exfoliated bones.
Dess	Dais.
Dessert	A service of pastry, fruits, or sweetmeats, at the close of a feast or entertainment; pastry, fruits, etc., forming the last course at dinner.
Destemper	A kind of painting. See Distemper.
Destin	Destiny.
Destinable	Determined by destiny; fated.
Destinably	In a destinable manner.
Destinal	Determined by destiny; fated.
Destinate	Destined.
Destinate	To destine, design, or choose.
Destination	The act of destining or appointing.
Destination	Purpose for which anything is destined; predetermined end, object, or use; ultimate design.
Destination	The place set for the end of a journey, or to which something is sent; place or point aimed at.
Destined	of Destine
Destining	of Destine
Destine	To determine the future condition or application of; to set apart by design for a future use or purpose; to fix, as by destiny or by an authoritative decree; to doom; to ordain or preordain; to appoint; -- often with the remoter object preceded by to or for.
Destinist	A believer in destiny; a fatalist.
Destinies	of Destiny
Destiny	That to which any person or thing is destined; predetermined state; condition foreordained by the Divine or by human will; fate; lot; doom.
Destiny	The fixed order of things; invincible necessity; fate; a resistless power or agency conceived of as determining the future, whether in general or of an individual.
Destituent	Deficient; wanting; as, a destituent condition.
Destitute	Forsaken; not having in possession (something necessary, or desirable); deficient; lacking; devoid; -- often followed by of.
Destitute	Not possessing the necessaries of life; in a condition of want; needy; without possessions or resources; very poor.
Destitute	To leave destitute; to forsake; to abandon.
Destitute	To make destitute; to cause to be in want; to deprive; -- followed by of.
Destitute	To disappoint.
Destitutely	In destitution.
Destituteness	Destitution.
Destitution	The state of being deprived of anything; the state or condition of being destitute, needy, or without resources; deficiency; lack; extreme poverty; utter want; as, the inundation caused general destitution.
Destrer	Alt. of Dextrer
Dextrer	A war horse.
Destrie	To destroy.
Destroyed	of Destroy
Destroying	of Destroy
Destroy	To unbuild; to pull or tear down; to separate virulently into its constituent parts; to break up the structure and organic existence of; to demolish.
Destroy	To ruin; to bring to naught; to put an end to; to annihilate; to consume.
Destroy	To put an end to the existence, prosperity, or beauty of; to kill.
Destroyable	Destructible.
Destroyer	One who destroys, ruins, kills, or desolates.
Destruct	To destroy.
Destructibility	The quality of being capable of destruction; destructibleness.
Destructible	Liable to destruction; capable of being destroyed.
Destructibleness	The quality of being destructible.
Destruction	The act of destroying; a tearing down; a bringing to naught; subversion; demolition; ruin; slaying; devastation.
Destruction	The state of being destroyed, demolished, ruined, slain, or devastated.
Destruction	A destroying agency; a cause of ruin or of devastation; a destroyer.
Destructionist	One who delights in destroying that which is valuable; one whose principles and influence tend to destroy existing institutions; a destructive.
Destructionist	One who believes in the final destruction or complete annihilation of the wicked; -- called also annihilationist.
Destructive	Causing destruction; tending to bring about ruin, death, or devastation; ruinous; fatal; productive of serious evil; mischievous; pernicious; -- often with of or to; as, intemperance is destructive of health; evil examples are destructive to the morals of youth.
Destructive	One who destroys; a radical reformer; a destructionist.
Destructively	In a destructive manner.
Destructiveness	The quality of destroying or ruining.
Destructiveness	The faculty supposed to impel to the commission of acts of destruction; propensity to destroy.
Destructor	A destroyer.
Destruie	To destroy.
Desudation	A sweating; a profuse or morbid sweating, often succeeded by an eruption of small pimples.
Desuete	Disused; out of use.
Desuetude	The cessation of use; disuse; discontinuance of practice, custom, or fashion.
Desulphurated	of Desulphurate
Desulphurating	of Desulphurate
Desulphurate	To deprive of sulphur.
Desulphuration	The act or process of depriving of sulphur.
Desulphurize	To desulphurate; to deprive of sulphur.
Desultorily	In a desultory manner; without method; loosely; immethodically.
Desultoriness	The quality of being desultory or without order or method; unconnectedness.
Desultorious	Desultory.
Desultory	Leaping or skipping about.
Desultory	Jumping, or passing, from one thing or subject to another, without order or rational connection; without logical sequence; disconnected; immethodical; aimless; as, desultory minds.
Desultory	Out of course; by the way; as a digression; not connected with the subject; as, a desultory remark.
Desume	To select; to borrow.
Desynonymization	The act of desynonymizing.
Desynonymize	To deprive of synonymous character; to discriminate in use; -- applied to words which have been employed as synonyms.
Detached	of Detach
Detaching	of Detach
Detach	To part; to separate or disunite; to disengage; -- the opposite of attach; as, to detach the coats of a bulbous root from each other; to detach a man from a leader or from a party.
Detach	To separate for a special object or use; -- used especially in military language; as, to detach a ship from a fleet, or a company from a regiment.
Detach	To push asunder; to come off or separate from anything; to disengage.
Detachable	That can be detached.
Detached	Separate; unconnected, or imperfectly connected; as, detached parcels.
Detachment	The act of detaching or separating, or the state of being detached.
Detachment	That which is detached; especially, a body of troops or part of a fleet sent from the main body on special service.
Detachment	Abstraction from worldly objects; renunciation.
Detail	A minute portion; one of the small parts; a particular; an item; -- used chiefly in the plural; as, the details of a scheme or transaction.
Detail	A narrative which relates minute points; an account which dwells on particulars.
Detail	The selection for a particular service of a person or a body of men; hence, the person or the body of men so selected.
Detailed	of Detail
Detailing	of Detail
Detail	To relate in particulars; to particularize; to report minutely and distinctly; to enumerate; to specify; as, he detailed all the facts in due order.
Detail	To tell off or appoint for a particular service, as an officer, a troop, or a squadron.
Detailer	One who details.
Detained	of Detain
Detaining	of Detain
Detain	To keep back or from; to withhold.
Detain	To restrain from proceeding; to stay or stop; to delay; as, we were detained by an accident.
Detain	To hold or keep in custody.
Detain	Detention.
Detainder	A writ. See Detinue.
Detainer	One who detains.
Detainer	The keeping possession of what belongs to another; detention of what is another's, even though the original taking may have been lawful. Forcible detainer is indictable at common law.
Detainer	A writ authorizing the keeper of a prison to continue to keep a person in custody.
Detainment	Detention.
Detect	Detected.
Detected	of Detect
Detecting	of Detect
Detect	To uncover; to discover; to find out; to bring to light; as, to detect a crime or a criminal; to detect a mistake in an account.
Detect	To inform against; to accuse.
Detectable	Alt. of Detectible
Detectible	Capable of being detected or found out; as, parties not detectable.
Detecter	One who, or that which, detects or brings to light; one who finds out what another attempts to conceal; a detector.
Detection	The act of detecting; the laying open what was concealed or hidden; discovery; as, the detection of a thief; the detection of fraud, forgery, or a plot.
Detective	Fitted for, or skilled in, detecting; employed in detecting crime or criminals; as, a detective officer.
Detective	One who business it is so detect criminals or discover matters of secrecy.
Detector	One who, or that which, detects; a detecter.
Detenebrate	To remove darkness from.
Detent	That which locks or unlocks a movement; a catch, pawl, or dog; especially, in clockwork, the catch which locks and unlocks the wheelwork in striking.
Detention	The act of detaining or keeping back; a withholding.
Detention	The state of being detained (stopped or hindered); delay from necessity.
Detention	Confinement; restraint; custody.
Deterred	of Deter
Deterring	of Deter
Deter	To prevent by fear; hence, to hinder or prevent from action by fear of consequences, or difficulty, risk, etc.
Deterged	of Deterge
Deterging	of Deterge
Deterge	To cleanse; to purge away, as foul or offending matter from the body, or from an ulcer.
Detergency	A cleansing quality or power.
Detergent	Cleansing; purging.
Detergent	A substance which cleanses the skin, as water or soap; a medicine to cleanse wounds, ulcers, etc.
Deteriorated	of Deteriorate
Deteriorating	of Deteriorate
Deteriorate	To make worse; to make inferior in quality or value; to impair; as, to deteriorate the mind.
Deteriorate	To grow worse; to be impaired in quality; to degenerate.
Deterioration	The process of growing worse, or the state of having grown worse.
Deteriority	Worse state or quality; inferiority.
Determent	The act of deterring; also, that which deters.
Determinability	The quality of being determinable; determinableness.
Determinable	Capable of being determined, definitely ascertained, decided upon, or brought to a conclusion.
Determinableness	Capability of being determined; determinability.
Determinacy	Determinateness.
Determinant	Serving to determine or limit; determinative.
Determinant	That which serves to determine; that which causes determination.
Determinant	The sum of a series of products of several numbers, these products being formed according to certain specified laws
Determinant	A mark or attribute, attached to the subject or predicate, narrowing the extent of both, but rendering them more definite and precise.
Determinate	Having defined limits; not uncertain or arbitrary; fixed; established; definite.
Determinate	Conclusive; decisive; positive.
Determinate	Determined or resolved upon.
Determinate	Of determined purpose; resolute.
Determinate	To bring to an end; to determine. See Determine.
Determinately	In a determinate manner; definitely; ascertainably.
Determinately	Resolutely; unchangeably.
Determinateness	State of being determinate.
Determination	The act of determining, or the state of being determined.
Determination	Bringing to an end; termination; limit.
Determination	Direction or tendency to a certain end; impulsion.
Determination	The quality of mind which reaches definite conclusions; decision of character; resoluteness.
Determination	The state of decision; a judicial decision, or ending of controversy.
Determination	That which is determined upon; result of deliberation; purpose; conclusion formed; fixed resolution.
Determination	A flow, rush, or tendency to a particular part; as, a determination of blood to the head.
Determination	The act, process, or result of any accurate measurement, as of length, volume, weight, intensity, etc.; as, the determination of the ohm or of the wave length of light; the determination of the salt in sea water, or the oxygen in the air.
Determination	The act of defining a concept or notion by giving its essential constituents.
Determination	The addition of a differentia to a concept or notion, thus limiting its extent; -- the opposite of generalization.
Determination	The act of determining the relations of an object, as regards genus and species; the referring of minerals, plants, or animals, to the species to which they belong; classification; as, I am indebted to a friend for the determination of most of these shells.
Determinative	Having power to determine; limiting; shaping; directing; conclusive.
Determinative	That which serves to determine.
Determinator	One who determines.
Determined	of Determine
Determining	of Determine
Determine	To fix the boundaries of; to mark off and separate.
Determine	To set bounds to; to fix the determination of; to limit; to bound; to bring to an end; to finish.
Determine	To fix the form or character of; to shape; to prescribe imperatively; to regulate; to settle.
Determine	To fix the course of; to impel and direct; -- with a remoter object preceded by to; as, another's will determined me to this course.
Determine	To ascertain definitely; to find out the specific character or name of; to assign to its true place in a system; as, to determine an unknown or a newly discovered plant or its name.
Determine	To bring to a conclusion, as a question or controversy; to settle authoritative or judicial sentence; to decide; as, the court has determined the cause.
Determine	To resolve on; to have a fixed intention of; also, to cause to come to a conclusion or decision; to lead; as, this determined him to go immediately.
Determine	To define or limit by adding a differentia.
Determine	To ascertain the presence, quantity, or amount of; as, to determine the parallax; to determine the salt in sea water.
Determine	To come to an end; to end; to terminate.
Determine	To come to a decision; to decide; to resolve; -- often with on.
Determined	Decided; resolute.
Determinedly	In a determined manner; with determination.
Determiner	One who, or that which, determines or decides.
Determinism	The doctrine that the will is not free, but is inevitably and invincibly determined by motives.
Determinist	One who believes in determinism. Also adj.; as, determinist theories.
Deterration	The uncovering of anything buried or covered with earth; a taking out of the earth or ground.
Deterrence	That which deters; a deterrent; a hindrance.
Deterrent	Serving to deter.
Deterrent	That which deters or prevents.
Detersion	The act of deterging or cleansing, as a sore.
Detersive	Cleansing; detergent.
Detersive	A cleansing agent; a detergent.
Detersively	In a way to cleanse.
Detersiveness	The quality of cleansing.
Detested	of Detest
Detesting	of Detest
Detest	To witness against; to denounce; to condemn.
Detest	To hate intensely; to abhor; to abominate; to loathe; as, we detest what is contemptible or evil.
Detestability	Capacity of being odious.
Detestable	Worthy of being detested; abominable; extremely hateful; very odious; deserving abhorrence; as, detestable vices.
Detestableness	The quality or state of being detestable.
Detestably	In a detestable manner.
Detesttate	To detest.
Detestation	The act of detesting; extreme hatred or dislike; abhorrence; loathing.
Detester	One who detes//
Dethroned	of Dethrone
Dethroning	of Dethrone
Dethrone	To remove or drive from a throne; to depose; to divest of supreme authority and dignity.
Dethronement	Deposal from a throne; deposition from regal power.
Dethroner	One who dethrones.
Dethronization	Dethronement.
Dethronize	To dethrone or unthrone.
Detinue	A person or thing detained
Detinue	A form of action for the recovery of a personal chattel wrongfully detained.
Detonated	of Detonate
Detonating	of Detonate
Detonate	To explode with a sudden report; as, niter detonates with sulphur.
Detonate	To cause to explode; to cause to burn or inflame with a sudden report.
Detonating	from Detonate.
Detonation	An explosion or sudden report made by the instantaneous decomposition or combustion of unstable substances' as, the detonation of gun cotton.
Detonator	One who, or that which, detonates.
Detonization	The act of detonizing; detonation.
Detonized	of Detonize
Detonizing	of Detonize
Detonize	To explode, or cause to explode; to burn with an explosion; to detonate.
Detorsion	Same as Detortion.
Detorted	of Detort
Detorting	of Detort
Detort	To turn form the original or plain meaning; to pervert; to wrest.
Detortion	The act of detorting, or the state of being detorted; a twisting or warping.
Detour	A turning; a circuitous route; a deviation from a direct course; as, the detours of the Mississippi.
Detracted	of Detract
Detracting	of Detract
Detract	To take away; to withdraw.
Detract	To take credit or reputation from; to defame.
Detract	To take away a part or something, especially from one's credit; to lessen reputation; to derogate; to defame; -- often with from.
Detracter	One who detracts; a detractor.
Detractingly	In a detracting manner.
Detraction	A taking away or withdrawing.
Detraction	The act of taking away from the reputation or good name of another; a lessening or cheapening in the estimation of others; the act of depreciating another, from envy or malice; calumny.
Detractious	Containing detraction; detractory.
Detractive	Tending to detractor draw.
Detractive	Tending to lower in estimation; depreciative.
Detractiveness	The quality of being detractive.
Detracor	One who detracts; a derogator; a defamer.
Detractory	Defamatory by denial of desert; derogatory; calumnious.
Detractress	A female detractor.
Detrain	To alight, or to cause to alight, from a railway train.
Detrect	To refuse; to decline.
Detriment	That which injures or causes damage; mischief; harm; diminution; loss; damage; -- used very generically; as, detriments to property, religion, morals, etc.
Detriment	A charge made to students and barristers for incidental repairs of the rooms they occupy.
Detriment	To do injury to; to hurt.
Detrimental	Causing detriment; injurious; hurtful.
Detrimentalness	The quality of being detrimental; injuriousness.
Detrital	Pertaining to, or composed of, detritus.
Detrite	Worn out.
Detrition	A wearing off or away.
Detritus	A mass of substances worn off from solid bodies by attrition, and reduced to small portions; as, diluvial detritus.
Detritus	Hence: Any fragments separated from the body to which they belonged; any product of disintegration.
Detruded	of Detrude
Detruding	of Detrude
Detrude	To thrust down or out; to push down with force.
Detruncated	of Detuncate
Detruncating	of Detuncate
Detuncate	To shorten by cutting; to cut off; to lop off.
Detruncation	The act of lopping or cutting off, as the head from the body.
Detrusion	The act of thrusting or driving down or outward; outward thrust.
Dette	Debt.
Detteles	Free from debt.
Detumescence	Diminution of swelling; subsidence of anything swollen.
Detur	A present of books given to a meritorious undergraduate student as a prize.
Deturb	To throw down.
Deturbate	To evict; to remove.
Deturbation	The act of deturbating.
Deturn	To turn away.
Deturpate	To defile; to disfigure.
Deturpation	A making foul.
Deuce	Two; a card or a die with two spots; as, the deuce of hearts.
Deuce	A condition of the score beginning whenever each side has won three strokes in the same game (also reckoned "40 all"), and reverted to as often as a tie is made until one of the sides secures two successive strokes following a tie or deuce, which decides the game.
Deuce	The devil; a demon.
Deuced	Devilish; excessive; extreme.
Deuse	Alt. of Deused
Deused	See Deuce, Deuced.
Deuterocanonical	Pertaining to a second canon, or ecclesiastical writing of inferior authority; -- said of the Apocrypha, certain Epistles, etc.
Deuterogamist	One who marries the second time.
Deuterogamy	A second marriage, after the death of the first husband of wife; -- in distinction from bigamy, as defined in the old canon law. See Bigamy.
Deuterogenic	Of secondary origin; -- said of certain rocks whose material has been derived from older rocks.
Deuteronomist	The writer of Deuteronomy.
Deuteronomy	The fifth book of the Pentateuch, containing the second giving of the law by Moses.
Deuteropathia	Alt. of Deuteropathy
Deuteropathy	A sympathetic affection of any part of the body, as headache from an overloaded stomach.
Deuteropathic	Pertaining to deuteropathy; of the nature of deuteropathy.
Deuteroscopy	Second sight.
Deuteroscopy	That which is seen at a second view; a meaning beyond the literal sense; the second intention; a hidden signification.
Deuterozooid	One of the secondary, and usually sexual, zooids produced by budding or fission from the primary zooids, in animals having alternate generations. In the tapeworms, the joints are deuterozooids.
Deuthydroguret	Same as Deutohydroguret.
Deuto-	Alt. of Deut-
Deut-	A prefix which formerly properly indicated the second in a regular series of compound in the series, and not to its composition, but which is now generally employed in the same sense as bi-or di-, although little used.
Deutohydroguret	A compound containing in the molecule two atoms of hydrogen united with some other element or radical.
Deutoplasm	The lifeless food matter in the cytoplasm of an ovum or a cell, as distinguished from the active or true protoplasm; yolk substance; yolk.
Deutoplastic	Pertaining to, or composed of, deutoplasm.
Deutosulphuret	A disulphide.
Deutoxide	A compound containing in the molecule two atoms of oxygen united with some other element or radical; -- usually called dioxide, or less frequently, binoxide.
Deutzia	A genus of shrubs with pretty white flowers, much cultivated.
Dev	Alt. of Deva
Deva	A god; a deity; a divine being; an idol; a king.
Devanagari	The character in which Sanskrit is written.
Devaporation	The change of vapor into water, as in the formation of rain.
Devast	To devastate.
Devastated	of Devastate
Devastating	of Devastate
Devastate	To lay waste; to ravage; to desolate.
Devastation	The act of devastating, or the state of being devastated; a laying waste.
Devastation	Waste of the goods of the deceased by an executor or administrator.
Devastator	One who, or that which, devastates.
Devastavit	Waste or misapplication of the assets of a deceased person by an executor or an administrator.
Devata	A deity; a divine being; a good spirit; an idol.
Deve	Deaf.
Develin	The European swift.
Developed	of Develop
Developing	of Develop
Develop	To free from that which infolds or envelops; to unfold; to lay open by degrees or in detail; to make visible or known; to disclose; to produce or give forth; as, to develop theories; a motor that develops 100 horse power.
Develop	To unfold gradually, as a flower from a bud; hence, to bring through a succession of states or stages, each of which is preparatory to the next; to form or expand by a process of growth; to cause to change gradually from an embryo, or a lower state, to a higher state or form of being; as, sunshine and rain develop the bud into a flower; to develop the mind.
Develop	To advance; to further; to prefect; to make to increase; to promote the growth of.
Develop	To change the form of, as of an algebraic expression, by executing certain indicated operations without changing the value.
Develop	To cause to become visible, as an invisible or latent image upon plate, by submitting it to chemical agents; to bring to view.
Develop	To go through a process of natural evolution or growth, by successive changes from a less perfect to a more perfect or more highly organized state; to advance from a simpler form of existence to one more complex either in structure or function; as, a blossom develops from a bud; the seed develops into a plant; the embryo develops into a well-formed animal; the mind develops year by year.
Develop	To become apparent gradually; as, a picture on sensitive paper develops on the application of heat; the plans of the conspirators develop.
Developable	Capable of being developed.
Developer	One who, or that which, develops.
Developer	A reagent by the action of which the latent image upon a photographic plate, after exposure in the camera, or otherwise, is developed and visible.
Development	The act of developing or disclosing that which is unknown; a gradual unfolding process by which anything is developed, as a plan or method, or an image upon a photographic plate; gradual advancement or growth through a series of progressive changes; also, the result of developing, or a developed state.
Development	The series of changes which animal and vegetable organisms undergo in their passage from the embryonic state to maturity, from a lower to a higher state of organization.
Development	The act or process of changing or expanding an expression into another of equivalent value or meaning.
Development	The equivalent expression into which another has been developed.
Development	The elaboration of a theme or subject; the unfolding of a musical idea; the evolution of a whole piece or movement from a leading theme or motive.
Developmental	Pertaining to, or characteristic of, the process of development; as, the developmental power of a germ.
Devenustate	To deprive of beauty or grace.
Devergence	Alt. of Devergency
Devergency	See Divergence.
Devested	of Devest
Devesting	of Devest
Devest	To divest; to undress.
Devest	To take away, as an authority, title, etc., to deprive; to alienate, as an estate.
Devest	To be taken away, lost, or alienated, as a title or an estate.
Devex	Bending down; sloping.
Devex	Devexity.
Devexity	A bending downward; a sloping; incurvation downward; declivity.
Devi	; fem. of Deva. A goddess.
Deviant	Deviating.
Deviated	of Deviate
Deviating	of Deviate
Deviate	To go out of the way; to turn aside from a course or a method; to stray or go astray; to err; to digress; to diverge; to vary.
Deviate	To cause to deviate.
Deviation	The act of deviating; a wandering from the way; variation from the common way, from an established rule, etc.; departure, as from the right course or the path of duty.
Deviation	The state or result of having deviated; a transgression; an act of sin; an error; an offense.
Deviation	The voluntary and unnecessary departure of a ship from, or delay in, the regular and usual course of the specific voyage insured, thus releasing the underwriters from their responsibility.
Deviator	One who, or that which, deviates.
Deviatory	Tending to deviate; devious; as, deviatory motion.
Device	That which is devised, or formed by design; a contrivance; an invention; a project; a scheme; often, a scheme to deceive; a stratagem; an artifice.
Device	Power of devising; invention; contrivance.
Device	An emblematic design, generally consisting of one or more figures with a motto, used apart from heraldic bearings to denote the historical situation, the ambition, or the desire of the person adopting it. See Cognizance.
Device	Improperly, an heraldic bearing.
Device	Anything fancifully conceived.
Device	A spectacle or show.
Device	Opinion; decision.
Deviceful	Full of devices; inventive.
Devicefully	In a deviceful manner.
Devil	The Evil One; Satan, represented as the tempter and spiritual of mankind.
Devil	An evil spirit; a demon.
Devil	A very wicked person; hence, any great evil.
Devil	An expletive of surprise, vexation, or emphasis, or, ironically, of negation.
Devil	A dish, as a bone with the meat, broiled and excessively peppered; a grill with Cayenne pepper.
Devil	A machine for tearing or cutting rags, cotton, etc.
Deviled	of Devil
Devilled	of Devil
Deviling	of Devil
Devilling	of Devil
Devil	To make like a devil; to invest with the character of a devil.
Devil	To grill with Cayenne pepper; to season highly in cooking, as with pepper.
Devil-diver	Alt. of Devil bird
Devil bird	A small water bird. See Dabchick.
Deviless	A she-devil.
Devilet	A little devil.
Devilfish	A huge ray (Manta birostris / Cephaloptera vampyrus) of the Gulf of Mexico and Southern Atlantic coasts. Several other related species take the same name. See Cephaloptera.
Devilfish	A large cephalopod, especially the very large species of Octopus and Architeuthis. See Octopus.
Devilfish	The gray whale of the Pacific coast. See Gray whale.
Devilfish	The goosefish or angler (Lophius), and other allied fishes. See Angler.
Deviling	A young devil.
Devilish	Resembling, characteristic of, or pertaining to, the devil; diabolical; wicked in the extreme.
Devilish	Extreme; excessive.
Devilism	The state of the devil or of devils; doctrine of the devil or of devils.
Devilize	To make a devil of.
Devilkin	A little devil; a devilet.
Devilment	Deviltry.
Devilries	of Devilry
Devilry	Conduct suitable to the devil; extreme wickedness; deviltry.
Devilry	The whole body of evil spirits.
Devil's darning-needle	A dragon fly. See Darning needle, under Darn, v. t.
Devilship	The character or person of a devil or the devil.
Deviltries	of Deviltry
Deviltry	Diabolical conduct; malignant mischief; devilry.
Devilwood	A kind of tree (Osmanthus Americanus), allied to the European olive.
Devious	Out of a straight line; winding; varying from directness; as, a devious path or way.
Devious	Going out of the right or common course; going astray; erring; wandering; as, a devious step.
Devirginate	Deprived of virginity.
Devirginate	To deprive of virginity; to deflour.
Devirgination	A deflouring.
Devisable	Capable of being devised, invented, or contrived.
Devisable	Capable of being bequeathed, or given by will.
Devisal	A devising.
Devised	of Devise
Devising	of Devise
Devise	To form in the mind by new combinations of ideas, new applications of principles, or new arrangement of parts; to formulate by thought; to contrive; to excogitate; to invent; to plan; to scheme; as, to devise an engine, a new mode of writing, a plan of defense, or an argument.
Devise	To plan or scheme for; to purpose to obtain.
Devise	To say; to relate; to describe.
Devise	To imagine; to guess.
Devise	To give by will; -- used of real estate; formerly, also, of chattels.
Devise	To form a scheme; to lay a plan; to contrive; to consider.
Devise	The act of giving or disposing of real estate by will; -- sometimes improperly applied to a bequest of personal estate.
Devise	A will or testament, conveying real estate; the clause of a will making a gift of real property.
Devise	Property devised, or given by will.
Devise	Device. See Device.
Devisee	One to whom a devise is made, or real estate given by will.
Deviser	One who devises.
Devisor	One who devises, or gives real estate by will; a testator; -- correlative to devisee.
Devitable	Avoidable.
Devitalize	To deprive of life or vitality.
Devitation	An avoiding or escaping; also, a warning.
Devitrification	The act or process of devitrifying, or the state of being devitrified. Specifically, the conversion of molten glassy matter into a stony mass by slow cooling, the result being the formation of crystallites, microbites, etc., in the glassy base, which are then called devitrification products.
Devitrify	To deprive of glasslike character; to take away vitreous luster and transparency from.
Devocalize	To make toneless; to deprive of vowel quality.
Devocation	A calling off or away.
Devoid	To empty out; to remove.
Devoid	Void; empty; vacant.
Devoid	Destitute; not in possession; -- with of; as, devoid of sense; devoid of pity or of pride.
Devoir	Duty; service owed; hence, due act of civility or respect; -- now usually in the plural; as, they paid their devoirs to the ladies.
Devolute	To devolve.
Devolution	The act of rolling down.
Devolution	Transference from one person to another; a passing or devolving upon a successor.
Devolved	of Devolve
Devolving	of Devolve
Devolve	To roll onward or downward; to pass on.
Devolve	To transfer from one person to another; to deliver over; to hand down; -- generally with upon, sometimes with to or into.
Devolve	To pass by transmission or succession; to be handed over or down; -- generally with on or upon, sometimes with to or into; as, after the general fell, the command devolved upon (or on) the next officer in rank.
Devolvement	The act or process of devolving;; devolution.
Devon	One of a breed of hardy cattle originating in the country of Devon, England. Those of pure blood have a deep red color. The small, longhorned variety, called North Devons, is distinguished by the superiority of its working oxen.
Devonian	Of or pertaining to Devon or Devonshire in England; as, the Devonian rocks, period, or system.
Devonian	The Devonian age or formation.
Devoration	The act of devouring.
Devotary	A votary.
Devoted	of Devote
Devoting	of Devote
Devote	To appropriate by vow; to set apart or dedicate by a solemn act; to consecrate; also, to consign over; to doom; to evil; to devote one to destruction; the city was devoted to the flames.
Devote	To execrate; to curse.
Devote	To give up wholly; to addict; to direct the attention of wholly or compound; to attach; -- often with a reflexive pronoun; as, to devote one's self to science, to one's friends, to piety, etc.
Devote	Devoted; addicted; devout.
Devote	A devotee.
Devoted	Consecrated to a purpose; strongly attached; zealous; devout; as, a devoted admirer.
Devotee	One who is wholly devoted; esp., one given wholly to religion; one who is superstitiously given to religious duties and ceremonies; a bigot.
Devotement	The state of being devoted, or set apart by a vow.
Devoter	One who devotes; a worshiper.
Devotion	The act of devoting; consecration.
Devotion	The state of being devoted; addiction; eager inclination; strong attachment love or affection; zeal; especially, feelings toward God appropriately expressed by acts of worship; devoutness.
Devotion	Act of devotedness or devoutness; manifestation of strong attachment; act of worship; prayer.
Devotion	Disposal; power of disposal.
Devotion	A thing consecrated; an object of devotion.
Devotional	Pertaining to, suited to, or used in, devotion; as, a devotional posture; devotional exercises; a devotional frame of mind.
Devotionalist	Alt. of Devotionist
Devotionist	One given to devotion, esp. to excessive formal devotion.
Devotionality	The practice of a devotionalist.
Devotionally	In a devotional manner; toward devotion.
Devoto	A devotee.
Devotor	A worshiper; one given to devotion.
Devoured	of Devour
Devouring	of Devour
Devour	To eat up with greediness; to consume ravenously; to feast upon like a wild beast or a glutton; to prey upon.
Devour	To seize upon and destroy or appropriate greedily, selfishly, or wantonly; to consume; to swallow up; to use up; to waste; to annihilate.
Devour	To enjoy with avidity; to appropriate or take in eagerly by the senses.
Devourable	That may be devoured.
Devourer	One who, or that which, devours.
Devouringly	In a devouring manner.
Devout	Devoted to religion or to religious feelings and duties; absorbed in religious exercises; given to devotion; pious; reverent; religious.
Devout	Expressing devotion or piety; as, eyes devout; sighs devout; a devout posture.
Devout	Warmly devoted; hearty; sincere; earnest; as, devout wishes for one's welfare.
Devout	A devotee.
Devout	A devotional composition, or part of a composition; devotion.
Devoutful	Full of devotion.
Devoutful	Sacred.
Devoutless	Destitute of devotion.
Devoutly	In a devout and reverent manner; with devout emotions; piously.
Devoutly	Sincerely; solemnly; earnestly.
Devoutness	Quality or state of being devout.
Devove	To devote.
Devow	To give up; to devote.
Devow	To disavow; to disclaim.
Devulgarize	To free from what is vulgar, common, or narrow.
Dew	Moisture from the atmosphere condensed by cool bodies upon their surfaces, particularly at night.
Dew	Figuratively, anything which falls lightly and in a refreshing manner.
Dew	An emblem of morning, or fresh vigor.
Dewed	of Dew
Dewing	of Dew
Dew	To wet with dew or as with dew; to bedew; to moisten; as with dew.
Dew	Same as Due, or Duty.
Dewberry	The fruit of certain species of bramble (Rubus); in England, the fruit of R. caesius, which has a glaucous bloom; in America, that of R. canadensis and R. hispidus, species of low blackberries.
Dewberry	The plant which bears the fruit.
Dewclaw	In any animal, esp. of the Herbivora, a rudimentary claw or small hoof not reaching the ground.
Dewdrop	A drop of dew.
Dewfall	The falling of dew; the time when dew begins to fall.
Dewiness	State of being dewy.
Dewlap	The pendulous skin under the neck of an ox, which laps or licks the dew in grazing.
Dewlap	The flesh upon the human throat, especially when with age.
Dewlapped	Furnished with a dewlap.
Dewless	Having no dew.
Dew-point	The temperature at which dew begins to form. It varies with the humidity and temperature of the atmosphere.
Dewret	To ret or rot by the process called dewretting.
Dewretting	Dewrotting; the process of decomposing the gummy matter of flax and hemp and setting the fibrous part, by exposure on a sward to dew, rain, and sunshine.
Dewrot	To rot, as flax or hemp, by exposure to rain, dew, and sun. See Dewretting.
Dewworm	See Earthworm.
Dewy	Pertaining to dew; resembling, consisting of, or moist with, dew.
Dewy	Falling gently and beneficently, like the dew.
Dewy	Resembling a dew-covered surface; appearing as if covered with dew.
Dexter	Pertaining to, or situated on, the right hand; right, as opposed to sinister, or left.
Dexter	On the right-hand side of a shield, i. e., towards the right hand of its wearer. To a spectator in front, as in a pictorial representation, this would be the left side.
Dexterical	Dexterous.
Dexterity	Right-handedness.
Dexterity	Readiness and grace in physical activity; skill and ease in using the hands; expertness in manual acts; as, dexterity with the chisel.
Dexterity	Readiness in the use or control of the mental powers; quickness and skill in managing any complicated or difficult affair; adroitness.
Dexterous	Ready and expert in the use of the body and limbs; skillful and active with the hands; handy; ready; as, a dexterous hand; a dexterous workman.
Dexterous	Skillful in contrivance; quick at inventing expedients; expert; as, a dexterous manager.
Dexterous	Done with dexterity; skillful; artful; as, dexterous management.
Dexterously	In a dexterous manner; skillfully.
Dexterousness	The quality of being dexterous; dexterity.
Dextrad	Toward the right side; dextrally.
Dextral	Right, as opposed to sinistral, or left.
Dextrality	The state of being on the right-hand side; also, the quality of being right-handed; right-handedness.
Dextrally	Towards the right; as, the hands of a watch rotate dextrally.
Dextrer	A war horse; a destrer.
Dextrin	A translucent, gummy, amorphous substance, nearly tasteless and odorless, used as a substitute for gum, for sizing, etc., and obtained from starch by the action of heat, acids, or diastase. It is of somewhat variable composition, containing several carbohydrates which change easily to their respective varieties of sugar. It is so named from its rotating the plane of polarization to the right; -- called also British gum, Alsace gum, gommelin, leiocome, etc. See Achroodextrin, and Erythrodextrin.
Dextro-	A prefix, from L. dexter, meaning, pertaining to, or toward, the right
Dextro-	having the property of turning the plane of polarized light to the right; as, dextrotartaric acid.
Dextrogerous	See Dextrogyrate.
Dextroglucose	Same as Dextrose.
Dextrogyrate	Same as Dextrorotatory.
Dextronic	Pertaining to, or derived from, dextrose; as, dextronic acid.
Dextrorotary	See Dextrotatory.
Dextrorotatory	Turning, or causing to turn, toward the right hand; esp., turning the plane of polarization of luminous rays toward the right hand; as, dextrorotatory crystals, sugars, etc.  Cf. Levorotatory.
Dextrorsal	Alt. of Dextrorse
Dextrorse	Turning from the left to the right, in the ascending line, as in the spiral inclination of the stem of the common morning-glory.
Dextrose	A sirupy, or white crystalline, variety of sugar, C6H12O6 (so called from turning the plane of polarization to the right), occurring in many ripe fruits. Dextrose and levulose are obtained by the inversion of cane sugar or sucrose, and hence called invert sugar. Dextrose is chiefly obtained by the action of heat and acids on starch, and hence called also starch sugar. It is also formed from starchy food by the action of the amylolytic ferments of saliva and pancreatic juice.
Dextrous	Alt. of Dextrousness
Dextrously	Alt. of Dextrousness
Dextrousness	Same as Dexterous, Dexterously, etc.
Dey	A servant who has charge of the dairy; a dairymaid.
Deys	of Dey
Dey	The governor of Algiers; -- so called before the French conquest in 1830.
Deye	To die.
Deynte	Alt. of Deyntee
Deyntee	See Dainty.
Dezincification	The act or process of freeing from zinc; also, the condition resulting from the removal of zinc.
Dezincify	To deprive of, or free from, zinc.
Dhole	A fierce, wild dog (Canis Dukhunensis), found in the mountains of India. It is remarkable for its propensity to hunt the tiger and other wild animals in packs.
Dhony	A Ceylonese boat. See Doni.
Dhoorra	Alt. of Dhurra
Dhourra	Alt. of Dhurra
Dhurra	Indian millet. See Durra.
Dhow	A coasting vessel of Arabia, East Africa, and the Indian Ocean. It has generally but one mast and a lateen sail.
Di-	A prefix, signifying twofold, double, twice
Di-	denoting two atoms, radicals, groups, or equivalents, as the case may be. See Bi-, 2.
Dia-	Alt. of Di-
Di-	A prefix denoting through; also, between, apart, asunder, across. Before a vowel dia-becomes di-; as, diactinic; dielectric, etc.
Diabase	A basic, dark-colored, holocrystalline, igneous rock, consisting essentially of a triclinic feldspar and pyroxene with magnetic iron; -- often limited to rocks pretertiary in age. It includes part of what was early called greenstone.
Diabaterial	Passing over the borders.
Diabetes	A disease which is attended with a persistent, excessive discharge of urine. Most frequently the urine is not only increased in quantity, but contains saccharine matter, in which case the disease is generally fatal.
Diabetic	Alt. of Diabetical
Diabetical	Pertaining to diabetes; as, diabetic or diabetical treatment.
Diablerie	Alt. of Diabley
Diabley	Devilry; sorcery or incantation; a diabolical deed; mischief.
Diabolic	Alt. of Diabolical
Diabolical	Pertaining to the devil; resembling, or appropriate, or appropriate to, the devil; devilish; infernal; impious; atrocious; nefarious; outrageously wicked; as, a diabolic or diabolical temper or act.
Diabolify	To ascribed diabolical qualities to; to change into, or to represent as, a devil.
Diabolism	Character, action, or principles appropriate to the devil.
Diabolism	Possession by the devil.
Diabolize	To render diabolical.
Diacatholicon	A universal remedy; -- name formerly to a purgative electuary.
Diacaustic	Pertaining to, or possessing the properties of, a species of caustic curves formed by refraction. See Caustic surface, under Caustic.
Diacaustic	That which burns by refraction, as a double convex lens, or the sun's rays concentrated by such a lens, sometimes used as a cautery.
Diacaustic	A curved formed by the consecutive intersections of rays of light refracted through a lens.
Diachylon	Alt. of Diachylum
Diachylum	A plaster originally composed of the juices of several plants (whence its name), but now made of an oxide of lead and oil, and consisting essentially of glycerin mixed with lead salts of the fat acids.
Diacid	Divalent; -- said of a base or radical as capable of saturating two acid monad radicals or a dibasic acid.  Cf. Dibasic, a., and Biacid.
Diacodium	A sirup made of poppies.
Diaconal	Of or pertaining to a deacon.
Diaconate	The office of a deacon; deaconship; also, a body or board of deacons.
Diaconate	Governed by deacons.
Diacope	Tmesis.
Diacoustic	Pertaining to the science or doctrine of refracted sounds.
Diacoustics	That branch of natural philosophy which treats of the properties of sound as affected by passing through different mediums; -- called also diaphonics. See the Note under Acoustics.
Diacritic	Alt. of Diacritical
Diacritical	That separates or distinguishes; -- applied to points or marks used to distinguish letters of similar form, or different sounds of the same letter, as, a, /, a, /, /, etc.
Diactinic	Capable of transmitting the chemical or actinic rays of light; as, diactinic media.
Diadelphia	A Linnaean class of plants whose stamens are united into two bodies or bundles by their filaments.
Diadelphian	Alt. of Diadelphous
Diadelphous	Of or pertaining to the class Diadelphia; having the stamens united into two bodies by their filaments (said of a plant or flower); grouped into two bundles or sets by coalescence of the filaments (said of stamens).
Diadem	Originally, an ornamental head band or fillet, worn by Eastern monarchs as a badge of royalty; hence (later), also, a crown, in general.
Diadem	Regal power; sovereignty; empire; -- considered as symbolized by the crown.
Diadem	An arch rising from the rim of a crown (rarely also of a coronet), and uniting with others over its center.
Diadem	To adorn with a diadem; to crown.
Diadrom	A complete course or vibration; time of vibration, as of a pendulum.
Diaereses	of Dieresis
Diereses	of Dieresis
Diaeresis	Alt. of Dieresis
Dieresis	The separation or resolution of one syllable into two; -- the opposite of synaeresis.
Dieresis	A mark consisting of two dots [/], placed over the second of two adjacent vowels, to denote that they are to be pronounced as distinct letters; as, cooperate, aerial.
Diaeretic	Caustic.
Diageotropic	Relating to, or exhibiting, diageotropism.
Diageotropism	The tendency of organs (as roots) of plants to assume a position oblique or transverse to a direction towards the center of the earth.
Diaglyph	An intaglio.
Diaglyphic	Alt. of Diaglyphtic
Diaglyphtic	Represented or formed by depressions in the general surface; as, diaglyphic sculpture or engraving; -- opposed to anaglyphic.
Diagnose	To ascertain by diagnosis; to diagnosticate. See Diagnosticate.
Diagnoses	of Diagnosis
Diagnosis	The art or act of recognizing the presence of disease from its signs or symptoms, and deciding as to its character; also, the decision arrived at.
Diagnosis	Scientific determination of any kind; the concise description of characterization of a species.
Diagnosis	Critical perception or scrutiny; judgment based on such scrutiny; esp., perception of, or judgment concerning, motives and character.
Diagnostic	Pertaining to, or furnishing, a diagnosis; indicating the nature of a disease.
Diagnostic	The mark or symptom by which one disease is known or distinguished from others.
Diagnosticate	To make a diagnosis of; to recognize by its symptoms, as a disease.
Diagnostics	That part of medicine which has to do with ascertaining the nature of diseases by means of their symptoms or signs.
Diagometer	A sort of electroscope, invented by Rousseau, in which the dry pile is employed to measure the amount of electricity transmitted by different bodies, or to determine their conducting power.
Diagonal	Joining two not adjacent angles of a quadrilateral or multilateral figure; running across from corner to corner; crossing at an angle with one of the sides.
Diagonal	A right line drawn from one angle to another not adjacent, of a figure of four or more sides, and dividing it into two parts.
Diagonal	A member, in a framed structure, running obliquely across a panel.
Diagonal	A diagonal cloth; a kind of cloth having diagonal stripes, ridges, or welts made in the weaving.
Diagonally	In a diagonal direction.
Diagonial	Diagonal; diametrical; hence; diametrically opposed.
Diagram	A figure or drawing made to illustrate a statement, or facilitate a demonstration; a plan.
Diagram	Any simple drawing made for mathematical or scientific purposes, or to assist a verbal explanation which refers to it; a mechanical drawing, as distinguished from an artistical one.
Diagram	To put into the form of a diagram.
Diagrammatic	Pertaining to, or of the nature of, a diagram; showing by diagram.
Diagraph	A drawing instrument, combining a protractor and scale.
Diagraphic	Alt. of Diagraphical
Diagraphical	Descriptive.
Diagraphics	The art or science of descriptive drawing; especially, the art or science of drawing by mechanical appliances and mathematical rule.
Diaheliotropic	Relating or, or manifesting, diaheliotropism.
Diaheliotropism	A tendency of leaves or other organs of plants to have their dorsal surface faced towards the rays of light.
Dial	An instrument, formerly much used for showing the time of day from the shadow of a style or gnomon on a graduated arc or surface; esp., a sundial; but there are lunar and astral dials. The style or gnomon is usually parallel to the earth's axis, but the dial plate may be either horizontal or vertical.
Dial	The graduated face of a timepiece, on which the time of day is shown by pointers or hands.
Dial	A miner's compass.
Dialed	of Dial
Dialled	of Dial
Dialing	of Dial
Dialling	of Dial
Dial	To measure with a dial.
Dial	To survey with a dial.
Dialect	Means or mode of expressing thoughts; language; tongue; form of speech.
Dialect	The form of speech of a limited region or people, as distinguished from ether forms nearly related to it; a variety or subdivision of a language; speech characterized by local peculiarities or specific circumstances; as, the Ionic and Attic were dialects of Greece; the Yorkshire dialect; the dialect of the learned.
Dialectal	Relating to a dialect; dialectical; as, a dialectical variant.
Dialectic	Same as Dialectics.
Dialectic	Alt. of Dialectical
Dialectical	Pertaining to dialectics; logical; argumental.
Dialectical	Pertaining to a dialect or to dialects.
Dialectically	In a dialectical manner.
Dialectician	One versed in dialectics; a logician; a reasoner.
Dialectics	That branch of logic which teaches the rules and modes of reasoning; the application of logical principles to discursive reasoning; the science or art of discriminating truth from error; logical discussion.
Dialectology	That branch of philology which is devoted to the consideration of dialects.
Dialector	One skilled in dialectics.
Dialing	The art of constructing dials; the science which treats of measuring time by dials.
Dialing	A method of surveying, especially in mines, in which the bearings of the courses, or the angles which they make with each other, are determined by means of the circumferentor.
Dialist	A maker of dials; one skilled in dialing.
Diallage	A figure by which arguments are placed in various points of view, and then turned to one point.
Diallage	A dark green or bronze-colored laminated variety of pyroxene, common in certain igneous rocks.
Diallel	Meeting and intersecting, as lines; not parallel; -- opposed to parallel.
Diallyl	A volatile, pungent, liquid hydrocarbon, C6H10, consisting of two allyl radicals, and belonging to the acetylene series.
Dialogical	Relating to a dialogue; dialogistical.
Dialogically	In the manner or nature of a dialogue.
Dialogism	An imaginary speech or discussion between two or more; dialogue.
Dialogist	A speaker in a dialogue.
Dialogist	A writer of dialogues.
Dialogistic	Alt. of Dialogistical
Dialogistical	Pertaining to a dialogue; having the form or nature of a dialogue.
Dialogite	Native carbonate of manganese; rhodochrosite.
Dialogize	To discourse in dialogue.
Dialogue	A conversation between two or more persons; particularly, a formal conservation in theatrical performances or in scholastic exercises.
Dialogue	A written composition in which two or more persons are represented as conversing or reasoning on some topic; as, the Dialogues of Plato.
Dialogue	To take part in a dialogue; to dialogize.
Dialogue	To express as in dialogue.
Dialypetalous	Having separate petals; polypetalous.
Dialyses	of Dialysis
Dialysis	Diaeresis. See Diaeresis, 1.
Dialysis	Same as Asyndeton.
Dialysis	Debility.
Dialysis	A solution of continuity; division; separation of parts.
Dialysis	The separation of different substances in solution, as crystalloids and colloids, by means of their unequal diffusion, especially through natural or artificial membranes.
Dialytic	Having the quality of unloosing or separating.
Dialyzate	The material subjected to dialysis.
Dialyzation	The act or process of dialysis.
Dialyzed	of Dialyze
Dialyzing	of Dialyze
Dialyze	To separate, prepare, or obtain, by dialysis or osmose; to pass through an animal membrane; to subject to dialysis.
Dialyzed	Prepared by diffusion through an animal membrane; as, dialyzed iron.
Dialyzer	The instrument or medium used to effect chemical dialysis.
Diamagnet	A body having diamagnetic polarity.
Diamagnetic	Pertaining to, or exhibiting the phenomena of, diamagnetism; taking, or being of a nature to take, a position at right angles to the lines of magnetic force. See Paramagnetic.
Diamagnetic	Any substance, as bismuth, glass, phosphorous, etc., which in a field of magnetic force is differently affected from the ordinary magnetic bodies, as iron; that is, which tends to take a position at right angles to the lines of magnetic force, and is repelled by either pole of the magnet.
Diamagnetically	In the manner of, or according to, diamagnetism.
Diamagnetism	The science which treats of diamagnetic phenomena, and of the properties of diamagnetic bodies.
Diamagnetism	That form or condition of magnetic action which characterizes diamagnetics.
Diamantiferous	Yielding diamonds.
Diamantine	Adamantine.
Diameter	Any right line passing through the center of a figure or body, as a circle, conic section, sphere, cube, etc., and terminated by the opposite boundaries; a straight line which bisects a system of parallel chords drawn in a curve.
Diameter	A diametral plane.
Diameter	The length of a straight line through the center of an object from side to side; width; thickness; as, the diameter of a tree or rock.
Diameter	The distance through the lower part of the shaft of a column, used as a standard measure for all parts of the order. See Module.
Diametral	Pertaining to a diameter; diametrical.
Diametral	A diameter.
Diametrally	Diametrically.
Diametric	Alt. of Diametrical
Diametrical	Of or pertaining to a diameter.
Diametrical	As remote as possible, as if at the opposite end of a diameter; directly adverse.
Diametrically	In a diametrical manner; directly; as, diametrically opposite.
Diamide	Any compound containing two amido groups united with one or more acid or negative radicals, -- as distinguished from a diamine.  Cf. Amido acid, under Amido, and Acid amide, under Amide.
Diamido-	A prefix or combining form of Diamine. [Also used adjectively.]
Diamine	A compound containing two amido groups united with one or more basic or positive radicals, -- as contrasted with a diamide.
Diamond	A precious stone or gem excelling in brilliancy and beautiful play of prismatic colors, and remarkable for extreme hardness.
Diamond	A geometrical figure, consisting of four equal straight lines, and having two of the interior angles acute and two obtuse; a rhombus; a lozenge.
Diamond	One of a suit of playing cards, stamped with the figure of a diamond.
Diamond	A pointed projection, like a four-sided pyramid, used for ornament in lines or groups.
Diamond	The infield; the square space, 90 feet on a side, having the bases at its angles.
Diamond	The smallest kind of type in English printing, except that called brilliant, which is seldom seen.
Diamond	Resembling a diamond; made of, or abounding in, diamonds; as, a diamond chain; a diamond field.
Diamond-back	The salt-marsh terrapin of the Atlantic coast (Malacoclemmys palustris).
Diamonded	Having figures like a diamond or lozenge.
Diamonded	Adorned with diamonds; diamondized.
Diamondize	To set with diamonds; to adorn; to enrich.
Diamond-shaped	Shaped like a diamond or rhombus.
Diamylene	A liquid hydrocarbon, C10H20, of the ethylene series, regarded as a polymeric form of amylene.
Dian	Diana.
Diana	The daughter of Jupiter and Latona; a virgin goddess who presided over hunting, chastity, and marriage; -- identified with the Greek goddess Artemis.
Diandria	A Linnaean class of plants having two stamens.
Diandrian	Diandrous.
Diandrous	Of or pertaining to the class Diandria; having two stamens.
Dianium	Same as Columbium.
Dianoetic	Pertaining to the discursive faculty, its acts or products.
Dianoialogy	The science of the dianoetic faculties, and their operations.
Dianthus	A genus of plants containing some of the most popular of cultivated flowers, including the pink, carnation, and Sweet William.
Diapase	Same as Diapason.
Diapasm	Powdered aromatic herbs, sometimes made into little balls and strung together.
Diapason	The octave, or interval which includes all the tones of the diatonic scale.
Diapason	Concord, as of notes an octave apart; harmony.
Diapason	The entire compass of tones.
Diapason	A standard of pitch; a tuning fork; as, the French normal diapason.
Diapason	One of certain stops in the organ, so called because they extend through the scale of the instrument. They are of several kinds, as open diapason, stopped diapason, double diapason, and the like.
Diapedesis	The passage of the corpuscular elements of the blood from the blood vessels into the surrounding tissues, without rupture of the walls of the blood vessels.
Diapente	The interval of the fifth.
Diapente	A composition of five ingredients.
Diaper	Any textile fabric (esp. linen or cotton toweling) woven in diaper pattern. See 2.
Diaper	Surface decoration of any sort which consists of the constant repetition of one or more simple figures or units of design evenly spaced.
Diaper	A towel or napkin for wiping the hands, etc.
Diaper	An infant's breechcloth.
Diaper	To ornament with figures, etc., arranged in the pattern called diaper, as cloth in weaving.
Diaper	To put a diaper on (a child).
Diaper	To draw flowers or figures, as upon cloth.
Diapering	Same as Diaper, n., 2.
Diaphane	A woven silk stuff with transparent and colored figures; diaper work.
Diaphaned	Transparent or translucent.
Diaphaneity	The quality of being diaphanous; transparency; pellucidness.
Diaphanic	Having power to transmit light; transparent; diaphanous.
Diaphanie	The art of imitating //ined glass with translucent paper.
Diaphanometer	An instrument for measuring the transparency of the air.
Diaphanoscope	A dark box constructed for viewing transparent pictures, with or without a lens.
Diaphanotype	A colored photograph produced by superimposing a translucent colored positive over a strong uncolored one.
Diaphanous	Allowing light to pass through, as porcelain; translucent or transparent; pellucid; clear.
Diaphanously	Translucently.
Diaphemetric	Relating to the measurement of the tactile sensibility of parts; as, diaphemetric compasses.
Diaphonic	Alt. of Diaphonical
Diaphonical	Diacoustic.
Diaphonics	The doctrine of refracted sound; diacoustics.
Diaphoresis	Perspiration, or an increase of perspiration.
Diaphoretic	Alt. of Diaphoretical
Diaphoretical	Having the power to increase perspiration.
Diaphoretic	A medicine or agent which promotes perspiration.
Diaphote	An instrument designed for transmitting pictures by telegraph.
Diaphragm	A dividing membrane or thin partition, commonly with an opening through it.
Diaphragm	The muscular and tendinous partition separating the cavity of the chest from that of the abdomen; the midriff.
Diaphragm	A calcareous plate which divides the cavity of certain shells into two parts.
Diaphragm	A plate with an opening, which is generally circular, used in instruments to cut off marginal portions of a beam of light, as at the focus of a telescope.
Diaphragm	A partition in any compartment, for various purposes.
Diaphragmatic	Pertaining to a diaphragm; as, diaphragmatic respiration; the diaphragmatic arteries and nerves.
Diaphysis	An abnormal prolongation of the axis of inflorescence.
Diaphysis	The shaft, or main part, of a bone, which is first ossified.
Diapnoic	Slightly increasing an insensible perspiration; mildly diaphoretic.
Diapnoic	A gentle diaphoretic.
Diapophysical	Pertaining to a diapophysis.
Diapophysis	The dorsal transverse, or tubercular, process of a vertebra. See Vertebra.
Diarchy	A form of government in which the supreme power is vested in two persons.
Diarial	Alt. of Diarian
Diarian	Pertaining to a diary; daily.
Diarist	One who keeps a diary.
Diarrhea	Alt. of Diarrhoea
Diarrhoea	A morbidly frequent and profuse discharge of loose or fluid evacuations from the intestines, without tenesmus; a purging or looseness of the bowels; a flux.
Diarrheal	Alt. of Diarrhoeal
Diarrhoeal	Of or pertaining to diarrhea; like diarrhea.
Diarrhetic	Alt. of Diarrhoetic
Diarrhoetic	Producing diarrhea, or a purging.
Diarthrodial	Relating to diarthrosis, or movable articulations.
Diarthrosis	A form of articulation which admits of considerable motion; a complete joint; abarticulation. See Articulation.
Diaries	of Diary
Diary	A register of daily events or transactions; a daily record; a journal; a blank book dated for the record of daily memoranda; as, a diary of the weather; a physician's diary.
Diary	lasting for one day; as, a diary fever.
Diaspore	A hydrate of alumina, often occurring in white lamellar masses with brilliant pearly luster; -- so named on account of its decrepitating when heated before the blowpipe.
Diastase	A soluble, nitrogenous ferment, capable of converting starch and dextrin into sugar.
Diastasic	Pertaining to, or consisting of, diastase; as, diastasic ferment.
Diastasis	A forcible of bones without fracture.
Diastatic	Relating to diastase; having the properties of diastase; effecting the conversion of starch into sugar.
Diastem	Intervening space; interval.
Diastem	An interval.
Diastema	A vacant space, or gap, esp. between teeth in a jaw.
Diaster	A double star; -- applied to the nucleus of a cell, when, during cell division, the loops of the nuclear network separate into two groups, preparatory to the formation of two daughter nuclei. See Karyokinesis.
Diastole	The rhythmical expansion or dilatation of the heart and arteries; -- correlative to systole, or contraction.
Diastole	A figure by which a syllable naturally short is made long.
Diastolic	Of or pertaining to diastole.
Diastyle	See under Intercolumniation.
Diatessaron	The interval of a fourth.
Diatessaron	A continuous narrative arranged from the first four books of the New Testament.
Diatessaron	An electuary compounded of four medicines.
Diathermal	Freely permeable by radiant heat.
Diathermancy	Alt. of Diathermaneity
Diathermaneity	The property of transmitting radiant heat; the quality of being diathermous.
Diathermanism	The doctrine or the phenomena of the transmission of radiant heat.
Diathermanous	Having the property of transmitting radiant heat; diathermal; -- opposed to athermanous.
Diathermic	Affording a free passage to heat; as, diathermic substances.
Diathermometer	An instrument for examining the thermal resistance or heat-conducting power of liquids.
Diathermous	Same as Diathermal.
Diathesis	Bodily condition or constitution, esp. a morbid habit which predisposes to a particular disease, or class of diseases.
Diathetic	Pertaining to, or dependent on, a diathesis or special constitution of the body; as, diathetic disease.
Diatom	One of the Diatomaceae, a family of minute unicellular Algae having a siliceous covering of great delicacy, each individual multiplying by spontaneous division. By some authors diatoms are called Bacillariae, but this word is not in general use.
Diatom	A particle or atom endowed with the vital principle.
Diatomic	Containing two atoms.
Diatomic	Having two replaceable atoms or radicals.
Diatomous	Having a single, distinct, diagonal cleavage; -- said of crystals.
Diatonic	Pertaining to the scale of eight tones, the eighth of which is the octave of the first.
Diatonically	In a diatonic manner.
Diatribe	A prolonged or exhaustive discussion; especially, an acrimonious or invective harangue; a strain of abusive or railing language; a philippic.
Diatribist	One who makes a diatribe or diatribes.
Diatryma	An extinct eocene bird from New Mexico, larger than the ostrich.
Diazeuctic	Alt. of Diazeutic
Diazeutic	Disjoining two fourths; as, the diazeutic tone, which, like that from F to G in modern music, lay between two fourths, and, being joined to either, made a fifth.
Diazo-	A combining form  (also used adjectively), meaning pertaining to, or derived from, a series of compounds containing a radical of two nitrogen atoms, united usually to an aromatic radical; as, diazo-benzene, C6H5.N2.OH.
Diazotize	To subject to such reactions or processes that diazo compounds, or their derivatives, shall be produced by chemical exchange or substitution.
Dib	To dip.
Dib	One of the small bones in the knee joints of sheep uniting the bones above and below the joints.
Dib	A child's game, played with dib bones.
Dibasic	Having two acid hydrogen atoms capable of replacement by basic atoms or radicals, in forming salts; bibasic; -- said of acids, as oxalic or sulphuric acids.  Cf. Diacid, Bibasic.
Dibasicity	The property or condition of being dibasic.
Dibber	A dibble.
Dibble	A pointed implement used to make holes in the ground in which no set out plants or to plant seeds.
Dibbled	of Dibble
Dibbling	of Dibble
Dibble	To dib or dip frequently, as in angling.
Dibble	To plant with a dibble; to make holes in (soil) with a dibble, for planting.
Dibble	To make holes or indentations in, as if with a dibble.
Dibbler	One who, or that which, dibbles, or makes holes in the ground for seed.
Dibranchiata	An order of cephalopods which includes those with two gills, an apparatus for emitting an inky fluid, and either eight or ten cephalic arms bearing suckers or hooks, as the octopi and squids. See Cephalopoda.
Dibranchiate	Having two gills.
Dibranchiate	One of the Dibranchiata.
Dibs	A sweet preparation or treacle of grape juice, much used in the East.
Dibstone	A pebble used in a child's game called dibstones.
Dibutyl	A liquid hydrocarbon, C8H18, of the marsh-gas series, being one of several octanes, and consisting of two butyl radicals.  Cf. Octane.
Dicacious	Talkative; pert; saucy.
Dicacity	Pertness; sauciness.
Dicalcic	Having two atoms or equivalents of calcium to the molecule.
Dicarbonic	Containing two carbon residues, or two carboxyl or radicals; as, oxalic acid is a dicarbonic acid.
Dicast	A functionary in ancient Athens answering nearly to the modern juryman.
Dicastery	A court of justice; judgment hall.
Die	of Dice
Dice	Small cubes used in gaming or in determining by chance; also, the game played with dice. See Die, n.
Diced	of Dice
Dicing	of Dice
Dice	To play games with dice.
Dice	To ornament with squares, diamonds, or cubes.
Dicebox	A box from which dice are thrown in gaming.
Dicentra	A genus of herbaceous plants, with racemes of two-spurred or heart-shaped flowers, including the Dutchman's breeches, and the more showy Bleeding heart (D. spectabilis).
Dicephalous	Having two heads on one body; double-headed.
Dicer	A player at dice; a dice player; a gamester.
Dich	To ditch.
Dichastic	Capable of subdividing spontaneously.
Dichlamydeous	Having two coverings, a calyx and in corolla.
Dichloride	Same as Bichloride.
Dichogamous	Manifesting dichogamy.
Dichogamy	The condition of certain species of plants, in which the stamens and pistil do not mature simultaneously, so that these plants can never fertilize themselves.
Dichotomist	One who dichotomizes.
Dichotomized	of Dichotomize
Dichotomizing	of Dichotomize
Dichotomize	To cut into two parts; to part into two divisions; to divide into pairs; to bisect.
Dichotomize	To exhibit as a half disk. See Dichotomy, 3.
Dichotomize	To separate into two parts; to branch dichotomously; to become dichotomous.
Dichotomous	Regularly dividing by pairs from bottom to top; as, a dichotomous stem.
Dichotomy	A cutting in two; a division.
Dichotomy	Division or distribution of genera into two species; division into two subordinate parts.
Dichotomy	That phase of the moon in which it appears bisected, or shows only half its disk, as at the quadratures.
Dichotomy	Successive division and subdivision, as of a stem of a plant or a vein of the body, into two parts as it proceeds from its origin; successive bifurcation.
Dichotomy	The place where a stem or vein is forked.
Dichotomy	Division into two; especially, the division of a class into two subclasses opposed to each other by contradiction, as the division of the term man into white and not white.
Dichroic	Having the property of dichroism; as, a dichroic crystal.
Dichroiscope	Same as Dichroscope.
Dichroism	The property of presenting different colors by transmitted light, when viewed in two different directions, the colors being unlike in the direction of unlike or unequal axes.
Dichroite	Iolite; -- so called from its presenting two different colors when viewed in two different directions. See Iolite.
Dichroitic	Dichroic.
Dichromate	A salt of chromic acid containing two equivalents of the acid radical to one of the base; -- called also bichromate.
Dichromatic	Having or exhibiting two colors.
Dichromatic	Having two color varieties, or two phases differing in color, independently of age or sex, as in certain birds and insects.
Dichromatism	The state of being dichromatic.
Dichromic	Furnishing or giving two colors; -- said of defective vision, in which all the compound colors are resolvable into two elements instead of three.
Dichroous	Dichroic.
Dichroscope	An instrument for examining the dichroism of crystals.
Dichroscopic	Pertaining to the dichroscope, or to observations with it.
Dicing	An ornamenting in squares or cubes.
Dicing	Gambling with dice.
Dickcissel	The American black-throated bunting (Spiza Americana).
Dickens	The devil.
Dicker	The number or quantity of ten, particularly ten hides or skins; a dakir; as, a dicker of gloves.
Dicker	A chaffering, barter, or exchange, of small wares; as, to make a dicker.
Dicker	To negotiate a dicker; to barter.
Dickey	Alt. of Dicky
Dicky	A seat behind a carriage, for a servant.
Dicky	A false shirt front or bosom.
Dicky	A gentleman's shirt collar.
Diclinic	Having two of the intersections between the three axes oblique. See Crystallization.
Diclinous	Having the stamens and pistils in separate flowers.
Dicoccous	Composed of two coherent, one-seeded carpels; as, a dicoccous capsule.
Dicotyledon	A plant whose seeds divide into two seed lobes, or cotyledons, in germinating.
Dicotyledonous	Having two cotyledons or seed lobes; as, a dicotyledonous plant.
Dicrotal	Alt. of Dicrotous
Dicrotous	Dicrotic.
Dicrotic	Of or pertaining to dicrotism; as, a dicrotic pulse.
Dicrotic	Of or pertaining to the second expansion of the artery in the dicrotic pulse; as, the dicrotic wave.
Dicrotism	A condition in which there are two beats or waves of the arterial pulse to each beat of the heart.
Dicta	See Dictum.
Dictamen	A dictation or dictate.
Dictamnus	A suffrutescent, D. Fraxinella (the only species), with strong perfume and showy flowers. The volatile oil of the leaves is highly inflammable.
Dictated	of Dictate
Dictating	of Dictate
Dictate	To tell or utter so that another may write down; to inspire; to compose; as, to dictate a letter to an amanuensis.
Dictate	To say; to utter; to communicate authoritatively; to deliver (a command) to a subordinate; to declare with authority; to impose; as, to dictate the terms of a treaty; a general dictates orders to his troops.
Dictate	To speak as a superior; to command; to impose conditions (on).
Dictate	To compose literary works; to tell what shall be written or said by another.
Dictate	A statement delivered with authority; an order; a command; an authoritative rule, principle, or maxim; a prescription; as, listen to the dictates of your conscience; the dictates of the gospel.
Dictation	The act of dictating; the act or practice of prescribing; also that which is dictated.
Dictation	The speaking to, or the giving orders to, in an overbearing manner; authoritative utterance; as, his habit, even with friends, was that of dictation.
Dictator	One who dictates; one who prescribes rules and maxims authoritatively for the direction of others.
Dictator	One invested with absolute authority; especially, a magistrate created in times of exigence and distress, and invested with unlimited power.
Dictatorial	Pertaining or suited to a dictator; absolute.
Dictatorial	Characteristic of a dictator; imperious; dogmatical; overbearing; as, a dictatorial tone or manner.
Dictatorian	Dictatorial.
Dictatorship	The office, or the term of office, of a dictator; hence, absolute power.
Dictatory	Dogmatical; overbearing; dictatorial.
Dictatress	A woman who dictates or commands.
Dictatrix	A dictatress.
Dictature	Office of a dictator; dictatorship.
Diction	Choice of words for the expression of ideas; the construction, disposition, and application of words in discourse, with regard to clearness, accuracy, variety, etc.; mode of expression; language; as, the diction of Chaucer's poems.
Dictionalrian	A lexicographer.
Dictionaries	of Dictionary
Dictionary	A book containing the words of a language, arranged alphabetically, with explanations of their meanings; a lexicon; a vocabulary; a wordbook.
Dictionary	Hence, a book containing the words belonging to any system or province of knowledge, arranged alphabetically; as, a dictionary of medicine or of botany; a biographical dictionary.
Dicta	of Dictum
Dictums	of Dictum
Dictum	An authoritative statement; a dogmatic saying; an apothegm.
Dictum	A judicial opinion expressed by judges on points that do not necessarily arise in the case, and are not involved in it.
Dictum	The report of a judgment made by one of the judges who has given it.
Dictum	An arbitrament or award.
Dictyogen	A plant with net-veined leaves, and monocotyledonous embryos, belonging to the class Dictyogenae, proposed by Lindley for the orders Dioscoreaceae, Smilaceae, Trilliaceae, etc.
Dicyanide	A compound of a binary type containing two cyanogen groups or radicals; -- called also bicyanide.
Dicyemata	An order of worms parasitic in cephalopods. They are remarkable for the extreme simplicity of their structure. The embryo exists in two forms.
Dicyemid	Like or belonging to the Dicyemata.
Dicyemid	One of the Dicyemata.
Dicynodont	One of a group of extinct reptiles having the jaws armed with a horny beak, as in turtles, and in the genus Dicynodon, supporting also a pair of powerful tusks. Their remains are found in triassic strata of South Africa and India.
Did	imp. of Do.
Didactic	Alt. of Didactical
Didactical	Fitted or intended to teach; conveying instruction; preceptive; instructive; teaching some moral lesson; as, didactic essays.
Didactic	A treatise on teaching or education.
Didactically	In a didactic manner.
Didacticism	The didactic method or system.
Didacticity	Aptitude for teaching.
Didactics	The art or science of teaching.
Didactyl	An animal having only two digits.
Didactylous	Having only two digits; two-toed.
Didal	A kind of triangular spade.
Didapper	See Dabchick.
Didascalar	Didascalic.
Didascalic	Didactic; preceptive.
Diddle	To totter, as a child in walking.
Diddle	To cheat or overreach.
Diddler	A cheat.
Didelphia	The subclass of Mammalia which includes the marsupials. See Marsupialia.
Didelphian	Of or relating to the Didelphia.
Didelphian	One of the Didelphia.
Didelphic	Having the uterus double; of or pertaining to the Didelphia.
Didelphid	Same as Didelphic.
Didelphid	A marsupial animal.
Didelphous	Didelphic.
Didelphyc	Same as Didelphic.
Didelphous	Formerly, any marsupial; but the term is now restricted to an American genus which includes the opossums, of which there are many species. See Opossum. [Written also Didelphis.] See Illustration in Appendix.
Didine	Like or pertaining to the genus Didus, or the dodo.
Didos	of Dido
Dido	A shrewd trick; an antic; a caper.
Didonia	The curve which on a given surface and with a given perimeter contains the greatest area.
Didrachm	Alt. of Didrachma
Didrachma	A two-drachma piece; an ancient Greek silver coin, worth nearly forty cents.
Didst	the 2d pers. sing. imp. of Do.
Diducement	Diduction; separation into distinct parts.
Diduction	The act of drawing apart; separation.
Didym	See Didymium.
Didymium	A rare metallic substance usually associated with the metal cerium; -- hence its name. It was formerly supposed to be an element, but has since been found to consist of two simpler elementary substances, neodymium and praseodymium. See Neodymium, and Praseodymium.
Didymous	Growing in pairs or twins.
Didynamia	A Linnaean class of plants having four stamens disposed in pairs of unequal length.
Didynamian	Didynamous.
Didynamous	Of or pertaining to the Didynamia; containing four stamens disposed in pairs of unequal length.
Died	of Die
Dying	of Die
Die	To pass from an animate to a lifeless state; to cease to live; to suffer a total and irreparable loss of action of the vital functions; to become dead; to expire; to perish; -- said of animals and vegetables; often with of, by, with, from, and rarely for, before the cause or occasion of death; as, to die of disease or hardships; to die by fire or the sword; to die with horror at the thought.
Die	To suffer death; to lose life.
Die	To perish in any manner; to cease; to become lost or extinct; to be extinguished.
Die	To sink; to faint; to pine; to languish, with weakness, discouragement, love, etc.
Die	To become indifferent; to cease to be subject; as, to die to pleasure or to sin.
Die	To recede and grow fainter; to become imperceptible; to vanish; -- often with out or away.
Die	To disappear gradually in another surface, as where moldings are lost in a sloped or curved face.
Die	To become vapid, flat, or spiritless, as liquor.
Dice	of Die
Dies	of Die
Die	A small cube, marked on its faces with spots from one to six, and used in playing games by being shaken in a box and thrown from it. See Dice.
Die	Any small cubical or square body.
Die	That which is, or might be, determined, by a throw of the die; hazard; chance.
Die	That part of a pedestal included between base and cornice; the dado.
Die	A metal or plate (often one of a pair) so cut or shaped as to give a certain desired form to, or impress any desired device on, an object or surface, by pressure or by a blow; used in forging metals, coining, striking up sheet metal, etc.
Die	A perforated block, commonly of hardened steel used in connection with a punch, for punching holes, as through plates, or blanks from plates, or for forming cups or capsules, as from sheet metal, by drawing.
Die	A hollow internally threaded screw-cutting tool, made in one piece or composed of several parts, for forming screw threads on bolts, etc.; one of the separate parts which make up such a tool.
Diecian	Alt. of Diecious
Diecious	See Dioecian, and Dioecious.
Diedral	The same as Dihedral.
Diegesis	A narrative or history; a recital or relation.
Dielectric	Any substance or medium that transmits the electric force by a process different from conduction, as in the phenomena of induction; a nonconductor. separating a body electrified by induction, from the electrifying body.
Dielytra	See Dicentra.
Diencephalon	The interbrain or thalamencephalon; -- sometimes abbreviated to dien. See Thalamencephalon.
Dieresis	Same as Diaeresis.
Diesinker	An engraver of dies for stamping coins, medals, etc.
Diesinking	The process of engraving dies.
Dieses	of Diesis
Diesis	A small interval, less than any in actual practice, but used in the mathematical calculation of intervals.
Diesis	The mark /; -- called also double dagger.
Dies Irae	Day of wrath; -- the name and beginning of a famous mediaeval Latin hymn on the Last Judgment.
Dies juridici	of Dies juridicus
Dies juridicus	A court day.
Dies non	A day on which courts are not held, as Sunday or any legal holiday.
Diestock	A stock to hold the dies used for cutting screws.
Diet	Course of living or nourishment; what is eaten and drunk habitually; food; victuals; fare.
Diet	A course of food selected with reference to a particular state of health; prescribed allowance of food; regimen prescribed.
Dieted	of Diet
Dieting	of Diet
Diet	To cause to take food; to feed.
Diet	To cause to eat and drink sparingly, or by prescribed rules; to regulate medicinally the food of.
Diet	To eat; to take one's meals.
Diet	To eat according to prescribed rules; to ear sparingly; as, the doctor says he must diet.
Diet	A legislative or administrative assembly in Germany, Poland, and some other countries of Europe; a deliberative convention; a council; as, the Diet of Worms, held in 1521.
Dietarian	One who lives in accordance with prescribed rules for diet; a dieter.
Dietary	Pertaining to diet, or to the rules of diet.
Dietaries	of Dietary
Dietary	A rule of diet; a fixed allowance of food, as in workhouse, prison, etc.
Dieter	One who diets; one who prescribes, or who partakes of, food, according to hygienic rules.
Dietetic	Alt. of Dietetical
Dietetical	Of or performance to diet, or to the rules for regulating the kind and quantity of food to be eaten.
Dietetically	In a dietetical manner.
Dietetics	That part of the medical or hygienic art which relates to diet or food; rules for diet.
Dietetist	A physician who applies the rules of dietetics to the cure of diseases.
Diethylamine	A colorless, volatile, alkaline liquid, NH(C2H5)2, having a strong fishy odor resembling that of herring or sardines.  Cf. Methylamine.
Dietic	Dietetic.
Dietical	Dietetic.
Dietine	A subordinate or local assembly; a diet of inferior rank.
Dietist	Alt. of Dietitian
Dietitian	One skilled in dietetics.
Diffame	Evil name; bad reputation; defamation.
Diffarreation	A form of divorce, among the ancient Romans, in which a cake was used. See Confarreation.
Differed	of Differ
Differing	of Differ
Differ	To be or stand apart; to disagree; to be unlike; to be distinguished; -- with from.
Differ	To be of unlike or opposite opinion; to disagree in sentiment; -- often with from or with.
Differ	To have a difference, cause of variance, or quarrel; to dispute; to contend.
Differ	To cause to be different or unlike; to set at variance.
Difference	The act of differing; the state or measure of being different or unlike; distinction; dissimilarity; unlikeness; variation; as, a difference of quality in paper; a difference in degrees of heat, or of light; what is the difference between the innocent and the guilty?
Difference	Disagreement in opinion; dissension; controversy; quarrel; hence, cause of dissension; matter in controversy.
Difference	That by which one thing differs from another; that which distinguishes or causes to differ; mark of distinction; characteristic quality; specific attribute.
Difference	Choice; preference.
Difference	An addition to a coat of arms to distinguish the bearings of two persons, which would otherwise be the same. See Augmentation, and Marks of cadency, under Cadency.
Difference	The quality or attribute which is added to those of the genus to constitute a species; a differentia.
Difference	The quantity by which one quantity differs from another, or the remainder left after subtracting the one from the other.
Differenced	of Difference
Differencing	of Difference
Difference	To cause to differ; to make different; to mark as different; to distinguish.
Different	Distinct; separate; not the same; other.
Different	Of various or contrary nature, form, or quality; partially or totally unlike; dissimilar; as, different kinds of food or drink; different states of health; different shapes; different degrees of excellence.
Differentiae	of Differentia
Differentia	The formal or distinguishing part of the essence of a species; the characteristic attribute of a species; specific difference.
Differential	Relating to or indicating a difference; creating a difference; discriminating; special; as, differential characteristics; differential duties; a differential rate.
Differential	Of or pertaining to a differential, or to differentials.
Differential	Relating to differences of motion or leverage; producing effects by such differences; said of mechanism.
Differential	An increment, usually an indefinitely small one, which is given to a variable quantity.
Differential	A small difference in rates which competing railroad lines, in establishing a common tariff, allow one of their number to make, in order to get a fair share of the business. The lower rate is called a differential rate. Differentials are also sometimes granted to cities.
Differential	One of two coils of conducting wire so related to one another or to a magnet or armature common to both, that one coil produces polar action contrary to that of the other.
Differential	A form of conductor used for dividing and distributing the current to a series of electric lamps so as to maintain equal action in all.
Differentially	In the way of differentiation.
Differentiate	To distinguish or mark by a specific difference; to effect a difference in, as regards classification; to develop differential characteristics in; to specialize; to desynonymize.
Differentiate	To express the specific difference of; to describe the properties of (a thing) whereby it is differenced from another of the same class; to discriminate.
Differentiate	To obtain the differential, or differential coefficient, of; as, to differentiate an algebraic expression, or an equation.
Differentiate	To acquire a distinct and separate character.
Differentiation	The act of differentiating.
Differentiation	The act of distinguishing or describing a thing, by giving its different, or specific difference; exact definition or determination.
Differentiation	The gradual formation or production of organs or parts by a process of evolution or development, as when the seed develops the root and the stem, the initial stem develops the leaf, branches, and flower buds; or in animal life, when the germ evolves the digestive and other organs and members, or when the animals as they advance in organization acquire special organs for specific purposes.
Differentiation	The supposed act or tendency in being of every kind, whether organic or inorganic, to assume or produce a more complex structure or functions.
Differentiator	One who, or that which, differentiates.
Differently	In a different manner; variously.
Differingly	In a differing or different manner.
Difficile	Difficult; hard to manage; stubborn.
Difficilitate	To make difficult.
Difficult	Hard to do or to make; beset with difficulty; attended with labor, trouble, or pains; not easy; arduous.
Difficult	Hard to manage or to please; not easily wrought upon; austere; stubborn; as, a difficult person.
Difficult	To render difficult; to impede; to perplex.
Difficultate	To render difficult; to difficilitate.
Difficultly	With difficulty.
Difficultness	Difficulty.
Difficulties	of Difficulty
Difficulty	The state of being difficult, or hard to do; hardness; arduousness; -- opposed to easiness or facility; as, the difficulty of a task or enterprise; a work of difficulty.
Difficulty	Something difficult; a thing hard to do or to understand; that which occasions labor or perplexity, and requires skill and perseverance to overcome, solve, or achieve; a hard enterprise; an obstacle; an impediment; as, the difficulties of a science; difficulties in theology.
Difficulty	A controversy; a falling out; a disagreement; an objection; a cavil.
Difficulty	Embarrassment of affairs, especially financial affairs; -- usually in the plural; as, to be in difficulties.
Diffide	To be distrustful.
Diffidence	The state of being diffident; distrust; want of confidence; doubt of the power, ability, or disposition of others.
Diffidence	Distrust of one's self or one's own powers; lack of self-reliance; modesty; modest reserve; bashfulness.
Diffidency	See Diffidence.
Diffident	Wanting confidence in others; distrustful.
Diffident	Wanting confidence in one's self; distrustful of one's own powers; not self-reliant; timid; modest; bashful; characterized by modest reserve.
Diffidently	In a diffident manner.
Diffind	To split.
Diffine	To define.
Diffinitive	Definitive; determinate; final.
Diffission	Act of cleaving or splitting.
Difflation	A blowing apart or away.
Diffluence	Alt. of Diffluency
Diffluency	A flowing off on all sides; fluidity.
Diffluent	Flowing apart or off; dissolving; not fixed.
Difform	Irregular in form; -- opposed to uniform; anomalous; hence, unlike; dissimilar; as, to difform corolla, the parts of which do not correspond in size or proportion; difform leaves.
Difformity	Irregularity of form; diversity of form; want of uniformity.
Diffracted	of Diffract
Diffracting	of Diffract
Diffract	To break or separate into parts; to deflect, or decompose by deflection, a/ rays of light.
Diffraction	The deflection and decomposition of light in passing by the edges of opaque bodies or through narrow slits, causing the appearance of parallel bands or fringes of prismatic colors, as by the action of a grating of fine lines or bars.
Diffractive	That produces diffraction.
Diffranchise	Alt. of Diffranchisement
Diffranchisement	See Disfranchise, Disfranchisement.
Diffusate	Material which, in the process of catalysis, has diffused or passed through the separating membrane.
Diffused	of Diffuse
Diffusing	of Diffuse
Diffuse	To pour out and cause to spread, as a fluid; to cause to flow on all sides; to send out, or extend, in all directions; to spread; to circulate; to disseminate; to scatter; as to diffuse information.
Diffuse	To pass by spreading every way, to diffuse itself.
Diffuse	Poured out; widely spread; not restrained; copious; full; esp., of style, opposed to concise or terse; verbose; prolix; as, a diffuse style; a diffuse writer.
Diffused	Spread abroad; dispersed; loose; flowing; diffuse.
Diffusely	In a diffuse manner.
Diffuseness	The quality of being diffuse; especially, in writing, the use of a great or excessive number of word to express the meaning; copiousness; verbosity; prolixity.
Diffuser	One who, or that which, diffuses.
Diffusibility	The quality of being diffusible; capability of being poured or spread out.
Diffusible	Capable of flowing or spreading in all directions; that may be diffused.
Diffusible	Capable of passing through animal membranes by osmosis.
Diffusibleness	Diffusibility.
Diffusion	The act of diffusing, or the state of being diffused; a spreading; extension; dissemination; circulation; dispersion.
Diffusion	The act of passing by osmosis through animal membranes, as in the distribution of poisons, gases, etc., through the body. Unlike absorption, diffusion may go on after death, that is, after the blood ceases to circulate.
Diffusive	Having the quality of diffusing; capable of spreading every way by flowing; spreading widely; widely reaching; copious; diffuse.
Diffusively	In a diffusive manner.
Diffusiveness	The quality or state of being diffusive or diffuse; extensiveness; expansion; dispersion. Especially of style: Diffuseness; want of conciseness; prolixity.
Diffusivity	Tendency to become diffused; tendency, as of heat, to become equalized by spreading through a conducting medium.
Dug	of Dig
Digged	of Dig
Digging	of Dig
Dig	To turn up, or delve in, (earth) with a spade or a hoe; to open, loosen, or break up (the soil) with a spade, or other sharp instrument; to pierce, open, or loosen, as if with a spade.
Dig	To get by digging; as, to dig potatoes, or gold.
Dig	To hollow out, as a well; to form, as a ditch, by removing earth; to excavate; as, to dig a ditch or a well.
Dig	To thrust; to poke.
Dig	To work with a spade or other like implement; to do servile work; to delve.
Dig	To take ore from its bed, in distinction from making excavations in search of ore.
Dig	To work like a digger; to study ploddingly and laboriously.
Dig	A thrust; a punch; a poke; as, a dig in the side or the ribs. See Dig, v. t., 4.
Dig	A plodding and laborious student.
Digamist	One who marries a second time; a deuterogamist.
Digamma	A letter (/, /) of the Greek alphabet, which early fell into disuse.
Digammate	Alt. of Digammated
Digammated	Having the digamma or its representative letter or sound; as, the Latin word vis is a digammated form of the Greek /.
Digamous	Pertaining to a second marriage, that is, one after the death of the first wife or the first husband.
Digamy	Act, or state, of being twice married; deuterogamy.
Digastric	Having two bellies; biventral; -- applied to muscles which are fleshy at each end and have a tendon in the middle, and esp. to the muscle which pulls down the lower jaw.
Digastric	Pertaining to the digastric muscle of the lower jaw; as, the digastric nerves.
Digenea	A division of Trematoda in which alternate generations occur, the immediate young not resembling their parents.
Digenesis	The faculty of multiplying in two ways; -- by ova fecundated by spermatic fluid, and asexually, as by buds. See Parthenogenesis.
Digenous	Sexually reproductive.
Digerent	Digesting.
Digested	of Digest
Digesting	of Digest
Digest	To distribute or arrange methodically; to work over and classify; to reduce to portions for ready use or application; as, to digest the laws, etc.
Digest	To separate (the food) in its passage through the alimentary canal into the nutritive and nonnutritive elements; to prepare, by the action of the digestive juices, for conversion into blood; to convert into chyme.
Digest	To think over and arrange methodically in the mind; to reduce to a plan or method; to receive in the mind and consider carefully; to get an understanding of; to comprehend.
Digest	To appropriate for strengthening and comfort.
Digest	Hence: To bear comfortably or patiently; to be reconciled to; to brook.
Digest	To soften by heat and moisture; to expose to a gentle heat in a boiler or matrass, as a preparation for chemical operations.
Digest	To dispose to suppurate, or generate healthy pus, as an ulcer or wound.
Digest	To ripen; to mature.
Digest	To quiet or abate, as anger or grief.
Digest	To undergo digestion; as, food digests well or ill.
Digest	To suppurate; to generate pus, as an ulcer.
Digest	That which is digested; especially, that which is worked over, classified, and arranged under proper heads or titles
Digest	A compilation of statutes or decisions analytically arranged. The term is applied in a general sense to the Pandects of Justinian (see Pandect), but is also specially given by authors to compilations of laws on particular topics; a summary of laws; as, Comyn's Digest; the United States Digest.
Digestedly	In a digested or well-arranged manner; methodically.
Digester	One who digests.
Digester	A medicine or an article of food that aids digestion, or strengthens digestive power.
Digester	A strong closed vessel, in which bones or other substances may be subjected, usually in water or other liquid, to a temperature above that of boiling, in order to soften them.
Digestibility	The quality of being digestible.
Digestible	Capable of being digested.
Digestibleness	The quality of being digestible; digestibility.
Digestion	The act or process of digesting; reduction to order; classification; thoughtful consideration.
Digestion	The conversion of food, in the stomach and intestines, into soluble and diffusible products, capable of being absorbed by the blood.
Digestion	Generation of pus; suppuration.
Digestive	Pertaining to digestion; having the power to cause or promote digestion; as, the digestive ferments.
Digestive	That which aids digestion, as a food or medicine.
Digestive	A substance which, when applied to a wound or ulcer, promotes suppuration.
Digestive	A tonic.
Digestor	See Digester.
Digesture	Digestion.
Diggable	Capable of being dug.
Digger	One who, or that which, digs.
Diggers	A degraded tribe of California Indians; -- so called from their practice of digging roots for food.
Digging	The act or the place of excavating.
Digging	Places where ore is dug; especially, certain localities in California, Australia, and elsewhere, at which gold is obtained.
Digging	Region; locality.
Dight	of Dight
Dighted	of Dight
Dighting	of Dight
Dight	To prepare; to put in order; hence, to dress, or put on; to array; to adorn.
Dight	To have sexual intercourse with.
Dighter	One who dights.
Digit	One of the terminal divisions of a limb appendage; a finger or toe.
Digit	A finger's breadth, commonly estimated to be three fourths of an inch.
Digit	One of the ten figures or symbols, 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, by which all numbers are expressed; -- so called because of the use of the fingers in counting and computing.
Digit	One twelfth part of the diameter of the sun or moon; -- a term used to express the quantity of an eclipse; as, an eclipse of eight digits is one which hides two thirds of the diameter of the disk.
Digit	To point at or out with the finger.
Digital	Of or performance to the fingers, or to digits; done with the fingers; as, digital compression; digital examination.
Digitain	Any one of several extracts of foxglove (Digitalis), as the "French extract," the "German extract," etc., which differ among themselves in composition and properties.
Digitain	A supposedly distinct vegetable principle as the essential ingredient of the extracts. It is a white, crystalline substance, and is regarded as a glucoside.
Digitalis	A genus of plants including the foxglove.
Digitalis	The dried leaves of the purple foxglove (Digitalis purpurea), used in heart disease, disturbance of the circulation, etc.
Digitate	To point out as with the finger.
Digitate	Alt. of Digitated
Digitated	Having several leaflets arranged, like the fingers of the hand, at the extremity of a stem or petiole. Also, in general, characterized by digitation.
Digitation	A division into fingers or fingerlike processes; also, a fingerlike process.
Digitiform	Formed like a finger or fingers; finger-shaped; as, a digitiform root.
Digitigrade	Walking on the toes; -- distinguished from plantigrade.
Digitigrade	An animal that walks on its toes, as the cat, lion, wolf, etc.; -- distinguished from a plantigrade, which walks on the palm of the foot.
Digitipartite	Parted like the fingers.
Digitize	To finger; as, to digitize a pen.
Digitorium	A small dumb keyboard used by pianists for exercising the fingers; -- called also dumb piano.
Digitule	A little finger or toe, or something resembling one.
Digladiate	To fight like gladiators; to contend fiercely; to dispute violently.
Digladiation	Act of digladiating.
Diglottism	Bilingualism.
Diglyph	A projecting face like the triglyph, but having only two channels or grooves sunk in it.
Dignation	The act of thinking worthy; honor.
Digne	Worthy; honorable; deserving.
Digne	Suitable; adequate; fit.
Digne	Haughty; disdainful.
Dignification	The act of dignifying; exaltation.
Dignified	Marked with dignity; stately; as, a dignified judge.
Dignified	of Dignify
Dignifying	of Dignify
Dignify	To invest with dignity or honor; to make illustrious; to give distinction to; to exalt in rank; to honor.
Dignitaries	of Dignitary
Dignitary	One who possesses exalted rank or holds a position of dignity or honor; especially, one who holds an ecclesiastical rank above that of a parochial priest or clergyman.
Dignities	of Dignity
Dignity	The state of being worthy or honorable; elevation of mind or character; true worth; excellence.
Dignity	Elevation; grandeur.
Dignity	Elevated rank; honorable station; high office, political or ecclesiastical; degree of excellence; preferment; exaltation.
Dignity	Quality suited to inspire respect or reverence; loftiness and grace; impressiveness; stateliness; -- said of //en, manner, style, etc.
Dignity	One holding high rank; a dignitary.
Dignity	Fundamental principle; axiom; maxim.
Dignotion	Distinguishing mark; diagnostic.
Digonous	Having two angles.
Digram	A digraph.
Digraph	Two signs or characters combined to express a single articulated sound; as ea in head, or th in bath.
Digraphic	Of or pertaining to a digraph.
Digressed	of Digress
Digressing	of Digress
Digress	To step or turn aside; to deviate; to swerve; especially, to turn aside from the main subject of attention, or course of argument, in writing or speaking.
Digress	To turn aside from the right path; to transgress; to offend.
Digress	Digression.
Digression	The act of digressing or deviating, esp. from the main subject of a discourse; hence, a part of a discourse deviating from its main design or subject.
Digression	A turning aside from the right path; transgression; offense.
Digression	The elongation, or angular distance from the sun; -- said chiefly of the inferior planets.
Digressional	Pertaining to, or having the character of, a digression; departing from the main purpose or subject.
Digressive	Departing from the main subject; partaking of the nature of digression.
Digressively	By way of digression.
Digue	A bank; a dike.
Digynia	A Linnaean order of plants having two styles.
Digynian	Alt. of Digynous
Digynous	Of or pertaining to the Digynia; having two styles.
Dihedral	Having two plane faces; as, the dihedral summit of a crystal.
Dihedron	A figure with two sides or surfaces.
Dihexagonal	Consisting of two hexagonal parts united; thus, a dihexagonal pyramid is composed of two hexagonal pyramids placed base to base.
Dihexagonal	Having twelve similar faces; as, a dihexagonal prism.
Diiamb	A diiambus.
Diiambus	A double iambus; a foot consisting of two iambuses (/ / / /).
Diiodide	A compound of a binary type containing two atoms of iodine; -- called also biniodide.
Diisatogen	A red crystalline nitrogenous substance or artificial production, which by reduction passes directly to indigo.
Dijudicant	One who dijudicates.
Dijudicated	of Dijudicate
Dijucating	of Dijudicate
Dijudicate	To make a judicial decision; to decide; to determine.
Dijudication	The act of dijudicating; judgment.
Dika	A kind of food, made from the almondlike seeds of the Irvingia Barteri, much used by natives of the west coast of Africa; -- called also dika bread.
Dike	A ditch; a channel for water made by digging.
Dike	An embankment to prevent inundations; a levee.
Dike	A wall of turf or stone.
Dike	A wall-like mass of mineral matter, usually an intrusion of igneous rocks, filling up rents or fissures in the original strata.
Diked	of Dike
Diking	of Dike
Dike	To surround or protect with a dike or dry bank; to secure with a bank.
Dike	To drain by a dike or ditch.
Dike	To work as a ditcher; to dig.
Diker	A ditcher.
Diker	One who builds stone walls; usually, one who builds them without lime.
Dilacerated	of Dilacerate
Dilacerating	of Dilacerate
Dilacerate	To rend asunder; to tear to pieces.
Dilaceration	The act of rending asunder.
Dilaniate	To rend in pieces; to tear.
Dilaniation	A rending or tearing in pieces; dilaceration.
Dilapidated	of Dilapidate
Dilapidating	of Dilapidate
Dilapidate	To bring into a condition of decay or partial ruin, by misuse or through neglect; to destroy the fairness and good condition of; -- said of a building.
Dilapidate	To impair by waste and abuse; to squander.
Dilapidate	To get out of repair; to fall into partial ruin; to become decayed; as, the church was suffered to dilapidate.
Dilapidated	Decayed; fallen into partial ruin; injured by bad usage or neglect.
Dilapidation	The act of dilapidating, or the state of being dilapidated, reduced to decay, partially ruined, or squandered.
Dilapidation	Ecclesiastical waste; impairing of church property by an incumbent, through neglect or by intention.
Dilapidation	The pulling down of a building, or suffering it to fall or be in a state of decay.
Dilapidator	One who causes dilapidation.
Dilatability	The quality of being dilatable, or admitting expansion; -- opposed to contractibility.
Dilatable	Capable of expansion; that may be dilated; -- opposed to contractible; as, the lungs are dilatable by the force of air; air is dilatable by heat.
Dilatation	Prolixity; diffuse discourse.
Dilatation	The act of dilating; expansion; an enlarging on al/ sides; the state of being dilated; dilation.
Dilatation	A dilation or enlargement of a canal or other organ.
Dilatator	A muscle which dilates any part; a dilator.
Dilated	of Dilate
Dilating	of Dilate
Dilate	To expand; to distend; to enlarge or extend in all directions; to swell; -- opposed to contract; as, the air dilates the lungs; air is dilated by increase of heat.
Dilate	To enlarge upon; to relate at large; to tell copiously or diffusely.
Dilate	To grow wide; to expand; to swell or extend in all directions.
Dilate	To speak largely and copiously; to dwell in narration; to enlarge; -- with on or upon.
Dilate	Extensive; expanded.
Dilated	Expanded; enlarged.
Dilated	Widening into a lamina or into lateral winglike appendages.
Dilated	Having the margin wide and spreading.
Dilatedly	In a dilated manner.
Dilater	One who, or that which, dilates, expands, o r enlarges.
Dilation	Delay.
Dilation	The act of dilating, or the state of being dilated; expansion; dilatation.
Dilative	Causing dilation; tending to dilate, on enlarge; expansive.
Dilatometer	An instrument for measuring the dilatation or expansion of a substance, especially of a fluid.
Dilator	One who, or that which, widens or expands.
Dilator	A muscle that dilates any part.
Dilator	An instrument for expanding a part; as, a urethral dilator.
Dilatorily	With delay; tardily.
Dilatoriness	The quality of being dilatory; lateness; slowness; tardiness; sluggishness.
Dilatory	Inclined to defer or put off what ought to be done at once; given the procrastination; delaying; procrastinating; loitering; as, a dilatory servant.
Dilatory	Marked by procrastination or delay; tardy; slow; sluggish; -- said of actions or measures.
Dildo	A burden in popular songs.
Dildo	A columnar cactaceous plant of the West Indies (Cereus Swartzii).
Dilection	Love; choice.
Dilemma	An argument which presents an antagonist with two or more alternatives, but is equally conclusive against him, whichever alternative he chooses.
Dilemma	A state of things in which evils or obstacles present themselves on every side, and it is difficult to determine what course to pursue; a vexatious alternative or predicament; a difficult choice or position.
Dilettant	Of or pertaining to dilettanteism; amateur; as, dilettant speculation.
Dilettant	A dilettante.
Dilettanti	of Dilettante
Dilettante	An admirer or lover of the fine arts; popularly, an amateur; especially, one who follows an art or a branch of knowledge, desultorily, or for amusement only.
Dilettanteish	Somewhat like a dilettante.
Dilettanteism	The state or quality of being a dilettante; the desultory pursuit of art, science, or literature.
Dilettantish	Dilettanteish.
Dilettantism	Same as Dilettanteism.
Diligence	The quality of being diligent; carefulness; careful attention; -- the opposite of negligence.
Diligence	Interested and persevering application; devoted and painstaking effort to accomplish what is undertaken; assiduity in service.
Diligence	Process by which persons, lands, or effects are seized for debt; process for enforcing the attendance of witnesses or the production of writings.
Diligence	A four-wheeled public stagecoach, used in France.
Diligency	Diligence; care; persevering endeavor.
Diligent	Prosecuted with careful attention and effort; careful; painstaking; not careless or negligent.
Diligent	Interestedly and perseveringly attentive; steady and earnest in application to a subject or pursuit; assiduous; industrious.
Diligently	In a diligent manner; not carelessly; not negligently; with industry or assiduity.
Dill	An herb (Peucedanum graveolens), the seeds of which are moderately warming, pungent, and aromatic, and were formerly used as a soothing medicine for children; -- called also dillseed.
Dill	To still; to calm; to soothe, as one in pain.
Dilling	A darling; a favorite.
Dilluing	A process of sorting ore by washing in a hand sieve.
Dilly	A kind of stagecoach.
Dilly-dally	To loiter or trifle; to waste time.
Dilogical	Ambiguous; of double meaning.
Dilogies	of Dilogy
Dilogy	An ambiguous speech; a figure in which a word is used an equivocal sense.
Dilucid	Clear; lucid.
Dilucidate	To elucidate.
Dilucidation	The act of making clear.
Diluent	Diluting; making thinner or weaker by admixture, esp. of water.
Diluent	That which dilutes.
Diluent	An agent used for effecting dilution of the blood; a weak drink.
Diluted	of Dilute
Diluting	of Dilute
Dilute	To make thinner or more liquid by admixture with something; to thin and dissolve by mixing.
Dilute	To diminish the strength, flavor, color, etc., of, by mixing; to reduce, especially by the addition of water; to temper; to attenuate; to weaken.
Dilute	To become attenuated, thin, or weak; as, it dilutes easily.
Dilute	Diluted; thin; weak.
Diluted	Reduced in strength; thin; weak.
Diluteness	The quality or state of being dilute.
Diluter	One who, or that which, dilutes or makes thin, more liquid, or weaker.
Dilution	The act of diluting, or the state of being diluted.
Diluvial	Of or pertaining to a flood or deluge, esp. to the great deluge in the days of Noah; diluvian.
Diluvial	Effected or produced by a flood or deluge of water; -- said of coarse and imperfectly stratified deposits along ancient or existing water courses. Similar unstratified deposits were formed by the agency of ice. The time of deposition has been called the Diluvian epoch.
Diluvialist	One who explains geological phenomena by the Noachian deluge.
Diluvian	Of or pertaining to a deluge, esp. to the Noachian deluge; diluvial; as, of diluvian origin.
Diluviate	To run as a flood.
Diluviums	of Diluvium
Diluvia	of Diluvium
Diluvium	A deposit of superficial loam, sand, gravel, stones, etc., caused by former action of flowing waters, or the melting of glacial ice.
Dim	Not bright or distinct; wanting luminousness or clearness; obscure in luster or sound; dusky; darkish; obscure; indistinct; overcast; tarnished.
Dim	Of obscure vision; not seeing clearly; hence, dull of apprehension; of weak perception; obtuse.
Dimmed	of Dim
Dimming	of Dim
Dim	To render dim, obscure, or dark; to make less bright or distinct; to take away the luster of; to darken; to dull; to obscure; to eclipse.
Dim	To deprive of distinct vision; to hinder from seeing clearly, either by dazzling or clouding the eyes; to darken the senses or understanding of.
Dim	To grow dim.
Dimble	A bower; a dingle.
Dime	A silver coin of the United States, of the value of ten cents; the tenth of a dollar.
Dimension	Measure in a single line, as length, breadth, height, thickness, or circumference; extension; measurement; -- usually, in the plural, measure in length and breadth, or in length, breadth, and thickness; extent; size; as, the dimensions of a room, or of a ship; the dimensions of a farm, of a kingdom.
Dimension	Extent; reach; scope; importance; as, a project of large dimensions.
Dimension	The degree of manifoldness of a quantity; as, time is quantity having one dimension; volume has three dimensions, relative to extension.
Dimension	A literal factor, as numbered in characterizing a term. The term dimensions forms with the cardinal numbers a phrase equivalent to degree with the ordinal; thus, a2b2c is a term of five dimensions, or of the fifth degree.
Dimension	The manifoldness with which the fundamental units of time, length, and mass are involved in determining the units of other physical quantities.
Dimensional	Pertaining to dimension.
Dimensioned	Having dimensions.
Dimensionless	Without dimensions; having no appreciable or noteworthy extent.
Dimensity	Dimension.
Dimensive	Without dimensions; marking dimensions or the limits.
Dimera	A division of Coleoptera, having two joints to the tarsi.
Dimera	A division of the Hemiptera, including the aphids.
Dimeran	One of the Dimera.
Dimerous	Composed of, or having, two parts of each kind.
Dimeter	Having two poetical measures or meters.
Dimeter	A verse of two meters.
Dimethyl	Ethane; -- sometimes so called because regarded as consisting of two methyl radicals. See Ethane.
Dimetric	Same as Tetragonal.
Dimication	A fight; contest.
Dimidiate	Divided into two equal parts; reduced to half in shape or form.
Dimidiate	Consisting of only one half of what the normal condition requires; having the appearance of lacking one half; as, a dimidiate leaf, which has only one side developed.
Dimidiate	Having the organs of one side, or half, different in function from the corresponding organs on the other side; as, dimidiate hermaphroditism.
Dimidiated	of Dimidiate
Dimidiating	of Dimidiate
Dimidiate	To divide into two equal parts.
Dimidiate	To represent the half of; to halve.
Dimidiation	The act of dimidiating or halving; the state of being dimidiate.
Diminished	of Diminish
Diminishing	of Diminish
Diminish	To make smaller in any manner; to reduce in bulk or amount; to lessen; -- opposed to augment or increase.
Diminish	To lessen the authority or dignity of; to put down; to degrade; to abase; to weaken.
Diminish	To make smaller by a half step; to make (an interval) less than minor; as, a diminished seventh.
Diminish	To take away; to subtract.
Diminish	To become or appear less or smaller; to lessen; as, the apparent size of an object diminishes as we recede from it.
Diminishable	Capable of being diminished or lessened.
Diminisher	One who, or that which, diminishes anything.
Diminishingly	In a manner to diminish.
Diminishment	Diminution.
Diminuendo	In a gradually diminishing manner; with abatement of tone; decrescendo; -- expressed on the staff by Dim., or Dimin., or the sign.
Diminuent	Lessening.
Diminutal	Indicating or causing diminution.
Diminute	Small; diminished; diminutive.
Diminutely	Diminutively.
Diminution	The act of diminishing, or of making or becoming less; state of being diminished; reduction in size, quantity, or degree; -- opposed to augmentation or increase.
Diminution	The act of lessening dignity or consideration, or the state of being deprived of dignity; a lowering in estimation; degradation; abasement.
Diminution	Omission, inaccuracy, or defect in a record.
Diminution	In counterpoint, the imitation of, or reply to, a subject, in notes of half the length or value of those the subject itself.
Diminutival	Indicating diminution; diminutive.
Diminutival	A diminutive.
Diminutive	Below the average size; very small; little.
Diminutive	Expressing diminution; as, a diminutive word.
Diminutive	Tending to diminish.
Diminutive	Something of very small size or value; an insignificant thing.
Diminutive	A derivative from a noun, denoting a small or a young object of the same kind with that denoted by the primitive; as, gosling, eaglet, lambkin.
Diminutively	In a diminutive manner.
Diminutiveness	The quality of being diminutive; smallness; littleness; minuteness.
Dimish	See Dimmish.
Dimission	Leave to depart; a dismissing.
Dimissory	Sending away; dismissing to another jurisdiction; granting leave to depart.
Dimit	To dismiss, let go, or release.
Dimity	A cotton fabric employed for hangings and furniture coverings, and formerly used for women's under-garments. It is of many patterns, both plain and twilled, and occasionally is printed in colors.
Dimly	In a dim or obscure manner; not brightly or clearly; with imperfect sight.
Dimmish	Alt. of Dimmy
Dimmy	Somewhat dim; as, dimmish eyes.
Dimness	The state or quality / being dim; lack of brightness, clearness, or distinctness; dullness; obscurity.
Dimness	Dullness, or want of clearness, of vision or of intellectual perception.
Dimorph	Either one of the two forms of a dimorphous substance; as, calcite and aragonite are dimorphs.
Dimorphic	Having the property of dimorphism; dimorphous.
Dimorphism	Difference of form between members of the same species, as when a plant has two kinds of flowers, both hermaphrodite (as in the partridge berry), or when there are two forms of one or both sexes of the same species of butterfly.
Dimorphism	Crystallization in two independent forms of the same chemical compound, as of calcium carbonate as calcite and aragonite.
Dimorphous	Characterized by dimorphism; occurring under two distinct forms, not dependent on sex; dimorphic.
Dimorphous	Crystallizing under two forms fundamentally different, while having the same chemical composition.
Dimple	A slight natural depression or indentation on the surface of some part of the body, esp. on the cheek or chin.
Dimple	A slight indentation on any surface.
Dimpled	of Dimple
Dimpling	of Dimple
Dimple	To form dimples; to sink into depressions or little inequalities.
Dimple	To mark with dimples or dimplelike depressions.
Dimplement	The state of being dimpled, or marked with gentle depressions.
Dimply	Full of dimples, or small depressions; dimpled; as, the dimply pool.
Dim-sighted	Having dim sight; lacking perception.
Dimya	Alt. of Dimyaria
Dimyaria	An order of lamellibranchiate mollusks having an anterior and posterior adductor muscle, as the common clam. See Bivalve.
Dimyarian	Like or pertaining to the Dimya.
Dimyarian	One of the Dimya.
Dimyary	Same as Dimyarian.
Din	Loud, confused, harsh noise; a loud, continuous, rattling or clanging sound; clamor; roar.
Dinned	of Din
Dinning	of Din
Din	To strike with confused or clanging sound; to stun with loud and continued noise; to harass with clamor; as, to din the ears with cries.
Din	To utter with a din; to repeat noisily; to ding.
Din	To sound with a din; a ding.
Dinaphthyl	A colorless, crystalline hydrocarbon, C20H14, obtained from naphthylene, and consisting of a doubled naphthylene radical.
Dinar	A petty money of accounts of Persia.
Dinar	An ancient gold coin of the East.
Dinarchy	See Diarchy.
Dined	of Dine
Dining	of Dine
Dine	To eat the principal regular meal of the day; to take dinner.
Dine	To give a dinner to; to furnish with the chief meal; to feed; as, to dine a hundred men.
Dine	To dine upon; to have to eat.
Diner	One who dines.
Diner-out	One who often takes his dinner away from home, or in company.
Dinetical	Revolving on an axis.
Dinged	of Ding
Dang	of Ding
Dung	of Ding
Dinging	of Ding
Ding	To dash; to throw violently.
Ding	To cause to sound or ring.
Ding	To strike; to thump; to pound.
Ding	To sound, as a bell; to ring; to clang.
Ding	To talk with vehemence, importunity, or reiteration; to bluster.
Ding	A thump or stroke, especially of a bell.
Dingdong	The sound of, or as of, repeated strokes on a metallic body, as a bell; a repeated and monotonous sound.
Dingdong	An attachment to a clock by which the quarter hours are struck upon bells of different tones.
Dingey	Alt. of Dinghy
Dingy	Alt. of Dinghy
Dinghy	A kind of boat used in the East Indies.
Dinghy	A ship's smallest boat.
Dingily	In a dingy manner.
Dinginess	Quality of being dingy; a dusky hue.
Dingle	A narrow dale; a small dell; a small, secluded, and embowered valley.
Dingle-dangle	In a dangling manner.
Dingo	A wild dog found in Australia, but supposed to have introduced at a very early period. It has a wolflike face, bushy tail, and a reddish brown color.
Dingthrift	A spendthrift.
Dingy	Soiled; sullied; of a dark or dusky color; dark brown; dirty.
Dinichthys	A genus of large extinct Devonian ganoid fishes. In some parts of Ohio remains of the Dinichthys are abundant, indicating animals twenty feet in length.
Dining	from Dine, a.
Dink	Trim; neat.
Dink	To deck; -- often with out or up.
Dinmont	A wether sheep between one and two years old.
Dinner	The principal meal of the day, eaten by most people about midday, but by many (especially in cities) at a later hour.
Dinner	An entertainment; a feast.
Dinnerless	Having no dinner.
Dinnerly	Of or pertaining to dinner.
Dinoceras	A genus of large extinct Eocene mammals from Wyoming; -- called also Uintatherium. See Illustration in Appendix.
Dinornis	A genus of extinct, ostrichlike birds of gigantic size, which formerly inhabited New Zealand. See Moa.
Dinosaur	Alt. of Dinosaurian
Dinosaurian	One of the Dinosauria.
Dinosauria	An order of extinct mesozoic reptiles, mostly of large size (whence the name). Notwithstanding their size, they present birdlike characters in the skeleton, esp. in the pelvis and hind limbs. Some walked on their three-toed hind feet, thus producing the large "bird tracks," so-called, of mesozoic sandstones; others were five-toed and quadrupedal. See Illust. of Compsognathus, also Illustration of Dinosaur in Appendix.
Dinothere	Alt. of Dinotherium
Dinotherium	A large extinct proboscidean mammal from the miocene beds of Europe and Asia. It is remarkable fora pair of tusks directed downward from the decurved apex of the lower jaw.
Dinoxide	Same as Dioxide.
Dinsome	Full of din.
Dint	A blow; a stroke.
Dint	The mark left by a blow; an indentation or impression made by violence; a dent.
Dint	Force; power; -- esp. in the phrase by dint of.
Dinted	of Dint
Dinting	of Dint
Dint	To make a mark or cavity on or in, by a blow or by pressure; to dent.
Dinumeration	Enumeration.
Diocesan	Of or pertaining to a diocese; as, diocesan missions.
Diocesan	A bishop, viewed in relation to his diocese; as, the diocesan of New York.
Diocesan	The clergy or the people of a diocese.
Dioceses	of Diocese
Diocese	The circuit or extent of a bishop's jurisdiction; the district in which a bishop exercises his ecclesiastical authority.
Diocesener	One who belongs to a diocese.
Diodon	A genus of spinose, plectognath fishes, having the teeth of each jaw united into a single beaklike plate. They are able to inflate the body by taking in air or water, and, hence, are called globefishes, swellfishes, etc. Called also porcupine fishes, and sea hedgehogs.
Diodon	A genus of whales.
Diodont	Like or pertaining to the genus Diodon.
Diodont	A fish of the genus Diodon, or an allied genus.
Dioecia	A Linnaean class of plants having the stamens and pistils on different plants.
Dioecia	A subclass of gastropod mollusks in which the sexes are separate. It includes most of the large marine species, like the conchs, cones, and cowries.
Dioecian	Alt. of Dioecious
Dioecious	Having the sexes in two separate individuals; -- applied to plants in which the female flowers occur on one individual and the male flowers on another of the same species, and to animals in which the ovum is produced by one individual and the sperm cell by another; -- opposed to monoecious.
Dioeciously	In a dioecious manner.
Dioeciousness	The state or quality of being dioecious.
Dioecism	The condition of being dioecious.
Diogenes	A Greek Cynic philosopher (412?-323 B. C.) who lived much in Athens and was distinguished for contempt of the common aims and conditions of life, and for sharp, caustic sayings.
Dioicous	See Dioecious.
Diomedea	A genus of large sea birds, including the albatross. See Albatross.
Dionaea	An insectivorous plant. See Venus's flytrap.
Dionysian	Relating to Dionysius, a monk of the 6th century; as, the Dionysian, or Christian, era.
Diophantine	Originated or taught by Diophantus, the Greek writer on algebra.
Diopside	A crystallized variety of pyroxene, of a clear, grayish green color; mussite.
Dioptase	A hydrous silicate of copper, occurring in emerald-green crystals.
Diopter	Alt. of Dioptra
Dioptra	An optical instrument, invented by Hipparchus, for taking altitudes, leveling, etc.
Dioptre	A unit employed by oculists in numbering glasses according to the metric system; a refractive power equal to that of a glass whose principal focal distance is one meter.
Dioptric	Of or pertaining to the dioptre, or to the metric system of numbering glasses.
Dioptric	A dioptre. See Dioptre.
Dioptric	Alt. of Dioptrical
Dioptrical	Of or pertaining to dioptrics; assisting vision by means of the refraction of light; refractive; as, the dioptric system; a dioptric glass or telescope.
Dioptrics	The science of the refraction of light; that part of geometrical optics which treats of the laws of the refraction of light in passing from one medium into another, or through different mediums, as air, water, or glass, and esp. through different lenses; -- distinguished from catoptrics, which refers to reflected light.
Dioptry	A dioptre.
Diorama	A mode of scenic representation, invented by Daguerre and Bouton, in which a painting is seen from a distance through a large opening. By a combination of transparent and opaque painting, and of transmitted and reflected light, and by contrivances such as screens and shutters, much diversity of scenic effect is produced.
Diorama	A building used for such an exhibition.
Dioramic	Pertaining to a diorama.
Diorism	Definition; logical direction.
Dioristic	Distinguishing; distinctive; defining.
Diorite	An igneous, crystalline in structure, consisting essentially of a triclinic feldspar and hornblende. It includes part of what was called greenstone.
Dioritic	Containing diorite.
Diorthotic	Relating to the correcting or straightening out of something; corrective.
Dioscorea	A genus of plants. See Yam.
Diota	A vase or drinking cup having two handles or ears.
Dioxide	An oxide containing two atoms of oxygen in each molecule; binoxide.
Dioxide	An oxide containing but one atom or equivalent of oxygen to two of a metal; a suboxide.
Dioxindol	A white, crystalline, nitrogenous substance obtained by the reduction of isatin. It is a member of the indol series; -- hence its name.
Dipped	of Dip
Dipt	of Dip
Dipping	of Dip
Dip	To plunge or immerse; especially, to put for a moment into a liquid; to insert into a fluid and withdraw again.
Dip	To immerse for baptism; to baptize by immersion.
Dip	To wet, as if by immersing; to moisten.
Dip	To plunge or engage thoroughly in any affair.
Dip	To take out, by dipping a dipper, ladle, or other receptacle, into a fluid and removing a part; -- often with out; as, to dip water from a boiler; to dip out water.
Dip	To engage as a pledge; to mortgage.
Dip	To immerse one's self; to become plunged in a liquid; to sink.
Dip	To perform the action of plunging some receptacle, as a dipper, ladle. etc.; into a liquid or a soft substance and removing a part.
Dip	To pierce; to penetrate; -- followed by in or into.
Dip	To enter slightly or cursorily; to engage one's self desultorily or by the way; to partake limitedly; -- followed by in or into.
Dip	To incline downward from the plane of the horizon; as, strata of rock dip.
Dip	To dip snuff.
Dip	The action of dipping or plunging for a moment into a liquid.
Dip	Inclination downward; direction below a horizontal line; slope; pitch.
Dip	A liquid, as a sauce or gravy, served at table with a ladle or spoon.
Dip	A dipped candle.
Dipaschal	Including two passovers.
Dipchick	See Dabchick.
Dipetalous	Having two petals; two-petaled.
Diphenyl	A white crystalline substance, C6H5.C6H5, obtained by leading benzene through a heated iron tube. It consists of two benzene or phenyl radicals united.
Diphtheria	A very dangerous contagious disease in which the air passages, and especially the throat, become coated with a false membrane, produced by the solidification of an inflammatory exudation.  Cf. Group.
Diphtherial	Alt. of Diphtheric
Diphtheric	Relating to diphtheria; diphtheritic.
Diphtheritic	Pertaining to, or connected with, diphtheria.
Diphtheritic	Having characteristics resembling those of diphtheria; as, diphtheritic inflammation of the bladder.
Diphthong	A coalition or union of two vowel sounds pronounced in one syllable; as, ou in out, oi in noise; -- called a proper diphthong.
Diphthong	A vowel digraph; a union of two vowels in the same syllable, only one of them being sounded; as, ai in rain, eo in people; -- called an improper diphthong.
Diphthong	To form or pronounce as a diphthong; diphthongize.
Diphthongal	Relating or belonging to a diphthong; having the nature of a diphthong.
Diphthongalize	To make into a diphthong; to pronounce as a diphthong.
Diphthongation	See Diphthongization.
Diphthongic	Of the nature of diphthong; diphthongal.
Diphthongization	The act of changing into a diphthong.
Diphthongize	To change into a diphthong, as by affixing another vowel to a simple vowel.
Diphycercal	Having the tail fin divided into two equal parts by the notochord, or end of the vertebral column; protocercal. See Protocercal.
Diphygenic	Having two modes of embryonic development.
Diphyllous	Having two leaves, as a calyx, etc.
Diphyodont	Having two successive sets of teeth (deciduous and permanent), one succeeding the other; as, a diphyodont mammal; diphyodont dentition; -- opposed to monophyodont.
Diphyodont	An animal having two successive sets of teeth.
Diphyozooid	One of the free-swimming sexual zooids of Siphonophora.
Diplanar	Of or pertaining to two planes.
Dipleidoscope	An instrument for determining the time of apparent noon. It consists of two mirrors and a plane glass disposed in the form of a prism, so that, by the reflections of the sun's rays from their surfaces, two images are presented to the eye, moving in opposite directions, and coinciding at the instant the sun's center is on the meridian.
Diploblastic	Characterizing the ovum when it has two primary germinal layers.
Diplocardiac	Having the heart completely divided or double, one side systemic, the other pulmonary.
Diplococci	of Diplococcus
Diplococcus	A form of micrococcus in which cocci are united in a binary manner. See Micrococcus.
Diploe	The soft, spongy, or cancellated substance between the plates of the skull.
Diploetic	Diploic.
Diplogenic	Partaking of the nature of two bodies; producing two substances.
Diploic	Of or pertaining to the diploe.
Diploid	A solid bounded by twenty-four similar quadrilateral faces. It is a hemihedral form of the hexoctahedron.
Diplomas	of Diploma
Diploma	A letter or writing, usually under seal, conferring some privilege, honor, or power; a document bearing record of a degree conferred by a literary society or educational institution.
Diplomacy	The art and practice of conducting negotiations between nations (particularly in securing treaties), including the methods and forms usually employed.
Diplomacy	Dexterity or skill in securing advantages; tact.
Diplomacy	The body of ministers or envoys resident at a court; the diplomatic body.
Diplomat	Alt. of Diplomate
Diplomate	A diplomatist.
Diplomate	To invest with a title o/ privilege by diploma.
Diplomatial	Diplomatic.
Diplomatic	Alt. of Diplomatical
Diplomatical	Pertaining to diplomacy; relating to the foreign ministers at a court, who are called the diplomatic body.
Diplomatical	Characterized by tact and shrewdness; dexterous; artful; as, diplomatic management.
Diplomatical	Pertaining to diplomatics; paleographic.
Diplomatic	A minister, official agent, or envoy to a foreign court; a diplomatist.
Diplomatically	According to the rules of diplomacy; in the manner of a diplomatist; artfully.
Diplomatic	The science of diplomas, or the art of deciphering ancient writings, and determining their age, authenticity, etc.; paleography.
Diplomatism	Diplomacy.
Diplomatist	A person employed in, or skilled in, diplomacy; a diplomat.
Diplopia	Alt. of Diplopy
Diplopy	The act or state of seeing double.
Diplopod	One of the Diplopoda.
Diplopoda	An order of myriapods having two pairs of legs on each segment; the Chilognatha.
Diplostemonous	Having twice as many stamens as petals, as the geranium.
Diplostemony	The condition of being diplostemonous.
Dipneumona	A group of spiders having only two lunglike organs.
Dipnoi	A group of ganoid fishes, including the living genera Ceratodus and Lepidosiren, which present the closest approximation to the Amphibia. The air bladder acts as a lung, and the nostrils open inside the mouth. See Ceratodus, and Illustration in Appendix.
Dipodies	of Dipody
Dipody	Two metrical feet taken together, or included in one measure.
Dipolar	Having two poles, as a magnetic bar.
Dippel's oil	See Bone oil, under Bone.
Dipper	One who, or that which, dips; especially, a vessel used to dip water or other liquid; a ladle.
Dipper	A small grebe; the dabchick.
Dipper	The buffel duck.
Dipper	The water ouzel (Cinolus aquaticus) of Europe.
Dipper	The American dipper or ouzel (Cinclus Mexicanus).
Dipping	The act or process of immersing.
Dipping	The act of inclining downward.
Dipping	The act of lifting or moving a liquid with a dipper, ladle, or the like.
Dipping	The process of cleaning or brightening sheet metal or metalware, esp. brass, by dipping it in acids, etc.
Dipping	The practice of taking snuff by rubbing the teeth or gums with a stick or brush dipped in snuff.
Diprismatic	Doubly prismatic.
Dipropargyl	A pungent, mobile, volatile liquid, C6H6, produced artificially from certain allyl derivatives. Though isomeric with benzine, it is very different in its chemical relations. Called also dipropinyl.
Dipropyl	One of the hexane paraffins, found in petroleum, consisting of two propyl radicals. See Hexane.
Diprotodon	An extinct Quaternary marsupial from Australia, about as large as the hippopotamus; -- so named because of its two large front teeth. See Illustration in Appendix.
Dipsas	A serpent whose bite was fabled to produce intense thirst.
Dipsas	A genus of harmless colubrine snakes.
Dipsetic	Tending to produce thirst.
Dipsomania	A morbid an uncontrollable craving (often periodic) for drink, esp. for alcoholic liquors; also improperly used to denote acute and chronic alcoholism.
Dipsomaniac	One who has an irrepressible desire for alcoholic drinks.
Dipsomaniacal	Of or pertaining to dipsomania.
Dipsosis	Excessive thirst produced by disease.
Diptera	An extensive order of insects having only two functional wings and two balancers, as the house fly, mosquito, etc. They have a suctorial proboscis, often including two pairs of sharp organs (mandibles and maxillae) with which they pierce the skin of animals. They undergo a complete metamorphosis, their larvae (called maggots) being usually without feet.
Dipteral	Having two wings only; belonging to the order Diptera.
Dipteral	Having a double row of columns on each on the flanks, as well as in front and rear; -- said of a temple.
Dipteran	An insect of the order Diptera.
Dipterocarpus	A genus of trees found in the East Indies, some species of which produce a fragrant resin, other species wood oil. The fruit has two long wings.
Dipterous	Having two wings, as certain insects; belonging to the order Diptera.
Dipterous	Having two wings; two-winged.
Dipterygian	Having two dorsal fins; -- said of certain fishes.
Diptote	A noun which has only two cases.
Diptych	Anything consisting of two leaves.
Diptych	A writing tablet consisting of two leaves of rigid material connected by hinges and shutting together so as to protect the writing within.
Diptych	A picture or series of pictures painted on two tablets connected by hinges. See Triptych.
Diptych	A double catalogue, containing in one part the names of living, and in the other of deceased, ecclesiastics and benefactors of the church; a catalogue of saints.
Dipyre	A mineral of the scapolite group; -- so called from the double effect of fire upon it, in fusing it, and   rendering it phosphorescent.
Dipyrenous	Containing two stones or nutlets.
Dipyridine	A polymeric form of pyridine, C10H10N2, obtained as a colorless oil by the action of sodium on pyridine.
Dipyridil	A crystalline nitrogenous base, C10H8N2, obtained by the reduction of pyridine.
Diradiation	The emission and diffusion of rays of light.
Dire	Ill-boding; portentous; as, dire omens.
Dire	Evil in great degree; dreadful; dismal; horrible; terrible; lamentable.
Direct	Straight; not crooked, oblique, or circuitous; leading by the short or shortest way to a point or end; as, a direct line; direct means.
Direct	Straightforward; not of crooked ways, or swerving from truth and openness; sincere; outspoken.
Direct	Immediate; express; plain; unambiguous.
Direct	In the line of descent; not collateral; as, a descendant in the direct line.
Direct	In the direction of the general planetary motion, or from west to east; in the order of the signs; not retrograde; -- said of the motion of a celestial body.
Directed	of Direct
Directing	of Direct
Direct	To arrange in a direct or straight line, as against a mark, or towards a goal; to point; to aim; as, to direct an arrow or a piece of ordnance.
Direct	To point out or show to (any one), as the direct or right course or way; to guide, as by pointing out the way; as, he directed me to the left-hand road.
Direct	To determine the direction or course of; to cause to go on in a particular manner; to order in the way to a certain end; to regulate; to govern; as, to direct the affairs of a nation or the movements of an army.
Direct	To point out to with authority; to instruct as a superior; to order; as, he directed them to go.
Direct	To put a direction or address upon; to mark with the name and residence of the person to whom anything is sent; to superscribe; as, to direct a letter.
Direct	To give direction; to point out a course; to act as guide.
Direct	A character, thus [/], placed at the end of a staff on the line or space of the first note of the next staff, to apprise the performer of its situation.
Direct-acting	Acting directly, as one part upon another, without the intervention of other working parts.
Directer	One who directs; a director.
Direction	The act of directing, of aiming, regulating, guiding, or ordering; guidance; management; superintendence; administration; as, the direction o/ public affairs or of a bank.
Direction	That which is imposed by directing; a guiding or authoritative instruction; prescription; order; command; as, he grave directions to the servants.
Direction	The name and residence of a person to whom any thing is sent, written upon the thing sent; superscription; address; as, the direction of a letter.
Direction	The line or course upon which anything is moving or aimed to move, or in which anything is lying or pointing; aim; line or point of tendency; direct line or course; as, the ship sailed in a southeasterly direction.
Direction	The body of managers of a corporation or enterprise; board of directors.
Direction	The pointing of a piece with reference to an imaginary vertical axis; -- distinguished from elevation. The direction is given when the plane of sight passes through the object.
Directive	Having power to direct; tending to direct, guide, or govern; showing the way.
Directive	Able to be directed; manageable.
Directly	In a direct manner; in a straight line or course.
Directly	In a straightforward way; without anything intervening; not by secondary, but by direct, means.
Directly	Without circumlocution or ambiguity; absolutely; in express terms.
Directly	Exactly; just.
Directly	Straightforwardly; honestly.
Directly	Manifestly; openly.
Directly	Straightway; next in order; without delay; immediately.
Directly	Immediately after; as soon as.
Directness	The quality of being direct; straightness; straightforwardness; immediateness.
Director	One who, or that which, directs; one who regulates, guides, or orders; a manager or superintendent.
Director	One of a body of persons appointed to manage the affairs of a company or corporation; as, the directors of a bank, insurance company, or railroad company.
Director	A part of a machine or instrument which directs its motion or action.
Director	A slender grooved instrument upon which a knife is made to slide when it is wished to limit the extent of motion of the latter, or prevent its injuring the parts beneath.
Directorate	The office of director; also, a body of directors taken jointly.
Directorial	Having the quality of a director, or authoritative guide; directive.
Directorial	Pertaining to: director or directory; specifically, relating to the Directory of France under the first republic. See Directory, 3.
Directorship	The condition or office of a director; directorate.
Directory	Containing directions; enjoining; instructing; directorial.
Directories	of Directory
Directory	A collection or body of directions, rules, or ordinances; esp., a book of directions for the conduct of worship; as, the Directory used by the nonconformists instead of the Prayer Book.
Directory	A book containing the names and residences of the inhabitants of any place, or of classes of them; an address book; as, a business directory.
Directory	A body of directors; board of management; especially, a committee which held executive power in France under the first republic.
Directory	Direction; guide.
Directress	A woman who directs.
Directrixes	of Directrix
Directrix	A directress.
Directrix	A line along which a point in another line moves, or which in any way governs the motion of the point and determines the position of the curve generated by it; the line along which the generatrix moves in generating a surface.
Directrix	A straight line so situated with respect to a conic section that the distance of any point of the curve from it has a constant ratio to the distance of the same point from the focus.
Direful	Dire; dreadful; terrible; calamitous; woeful; as, a direful fiend; a direful day.
Direly	In a dire manner.
Dirempt	Divided; separated.
Dirempt	To separate by force; to tear apart.
Diremption	A tearing apart; violent separation.
Direness	Terribleness; horror; woefulness.
Direption	The act of plundering, despoiling, or snatching away.
Direptitious	Characterized by direption.
Direptitiously	With plundering violence; by violent injustice.
Dirge	A piece of music of a mournful character, to accompany funeral rites; a funeral hymn.
Dirgeful	Funereal; moaning.
Dirige	A service for the dead, in the Roman Catholic Church, being the first antiphon of Matins for the dead, of which Dirige is the first word; a dirge.
Dirigent	Directing.
Dirigent	The line of motion along which a describent line or surface is carried in the genesis of any plane or solid figure; a directrix.
Dirigible	Capable of being directed; steerable; as, a dirigible balloon.
Diriment	Absolute.
Dirk	A kind of dagger or poniard; -- formerly much used by the Scottish Highlander.
Dirked	of Dirk
Dirking	of Dirk
Dirk	To stab with a dirk.
Dirk	Dark.
Dirk	To darken.
Dirkness	Darkness.
Dirl	To thrill; to vibrate; to penetrate.
Dirt	Any foul of filthy substance, as excrement, mud, dust, etc.; whatever, adhering to anything, renders it foul or unclean; earth; as, a wagonload of dirt.
Dirt	Meanness; sordidness.
Dirt	In placer mining, earth, gravel, etc., before washing.
Dirt	To make foul of filthy; to dirty.
Dirtily	In a dirty manner; foully; nastily; filthily; meanly; sordidly.
Dirtiness	The state of being dirty; filthiness; foulness; nastiness; baseness; sordidness.
Dirty	Defiled with dirt; foul; nasty; filthy; not clean or pure; serving to defile; as, dirty hands; dirty water; a dirty white.
Dirty	Sullied; clouded; -- applied to color.
Dirty	Sordid; base; groveling; as, a dirty fellow.
Dirty	Sleety; gusty; stormy; as, dirty weather.
Dirtied	of Dirty
Dirtying	of Dirty
Dirty	To foul; to make filthy; to soil; as, to dirty the clothes or hands.
Dirty	To tarnish; to sully; to scandalize; -- said of reputation, character, etc.
Diruption	Disruption.
Dis-	.
Dis-	A prefix from the Latin, whence F. des, or sometimes de-, dis-. The Latin dis-appears as di-before b, d, g, l, m, n, r, v, becomes dif-before f, and either dis-or di- before j. It is from the same root as bis twice, and duo, E. two. See Two, and cf. Bi-, Di-, Dia-. Dis-denotes separation, a parting from, as in distribute, disconnect; hence it often has the force of a privative and negative, as in disarm, disoblige, disagree. Also intensive, as in dissever.
Dis-	A prefix from Gr. di`s- twice. See Di-.
Dis	The god Pluto.
Disabilities	of Disability
Disability	State of being disabled; deprivation or want of ability; absence of competent physical, intellectual, or moral power, means, fitness, and the like.
Disability	Want of legal qualification to do a thing; legal incapacity or incompetency.
Disable	Lacking ability; unable.
Disabled	of Disable
Disabling	of Disable
Disable	To render unable or incapable; to destroy the force, vigor, or power of action of; to deprive of competent physical or intellectual power; to incapacitate; to disqualify; to make incompetent or unfit for service; to impair.
Disable	To deprive of legal right or qualification; to render legally incapable.
Disable	To deprive of that which gives value or estimation; to declare lacking in competency; to disparage; to undervalue.
Disablement	Deprivation of ability; incapacity.
Disabused	of Disabuse
Disabusing	of Disabuse
Disabuse	To set free from mistakes; to undeceive; to disengage from fallacy or deception; to set right.
Disaccommodate	To put to inconvenience; to incommode.
Disaccommodation	A state of being unaccommodated or unsuited.
Disaccord	To refuse to assent.
Disaccord	Disagreement.
Disaccordant	Not accordant.
Disaccustom	To destroy the force of habit in; to wean from a custom.
Disacidify	To free from acid.
Disacknowledged	of Disacknowledge
Disacknowledging	of Disacknowledge
Disacknowledge	To refuse to acknowledge; to deny; to disown.
Disacquaint	To render unacquainted; to make unfamiliar.
Disacquaintance	Neglect of disuse of familiarity, or familiar acquaintance.
Disacryl	A white amorphous substance obtained as a polymeric modification of acrolein.
Disadorn	To deprive of ornaments.
Disadvance	To draw back, or cause to draw back.
Disadvantage	Deprivation of advantage; unfavorable or prejudicial quality, condition, circumstance, or the like; that which hinders success, or causes loss or injury.
Disadvantage	Loss; detriment; hindrance; prejudice to interest, fame, credit, profit, or other good.
Disadvantage	To injure the interest of; to be detrimental to.
Disadvantageable	Injurious; disadvantageous.
Disadvantageous	Attended with disadvantage; unfavorable to success or prosperity; inconvenient; prejudicial; -- opposed to advantageous; as, the situation of an army is disadvantageous for attack or defense.
Disadventure	Misfortune; mishap.
Disadventurous	Unprosperous; unfortunate.
Disadvise	To advise against; to dissuade from.
Disaffected	of Disaffect
Disaffecting	of Disaffect
Disaffect	To alienate or diminish the affection of; to make unfriendly or less friendly; to fill with discontent and unfriendliness.
Disaffect	To disturb the functions of; to disorder.
Disaffect	To lack affection for; to be alienated from, or indisposed toward; to dislike.
Disaffected	Alienated in feeling; not wholly loyal.
Disaffection	State of being disaffected; alienation or want of affection or good will, esp. toward those in authority; unfriendliness; dislike.
Disaffection	Disorder; bad constitution.
Disaffectionate	Not disposed to affection; unfriendly; disaffected.
Disaffirm	To assert the contrary of; to contradict; to deny; -- said of that which has been asserted.
Disaffirm	To refuse to confirm; to annul, as a judicial decision, by a contrary judgment of a superior tribunal.
Disaffirmance	The act of disaffirming; denial; negation.
Disaffirmance	Overthrow or annulment by the decision of a superior tribunal; as, disaffirmance of judgment.
Disaffirmation	The act of disaffirming; negation; refutation.
Disafforested	of Disafforest
Disafforesting	of Disafforest
Disafforest	To reduce from the privileges of a forest to the state of common ground; to exempt from forest laws.
Disaggregate	To destroy the aggregation of; to separate into component parts, as an aggregate mass.
Disaggregation	The separation of an aggregate body into its component parts.
Disagreed	of Disagree
Disageeing	of Disagree
Disagree	To fail to accord; not to agree; to lack harmony; to differ; to be unlike; to be at variance.
Disagree	To differ in opinion; to hold discordant views; to be at controversy; to quarrel.
Disagree	To be unsuited; to have unfitness; as, medicine sometimes disagrees with the patient; food often disagrees with the stomach or the taste.
Disagreeable	Not agreeable, conformable, or congruous; contrary; unsuitable.
Disagreeable	Exciting repugnance; offensive to the feelings or senses; displeasing; unpleasant.
Disagreeableness	The state or quality of being; disagreeable; unpleasantness.
Disagreeably	In a disagreeable manner; unsuitably; offensively.
Disagreeance	Disagreement.
Disagreement	The state of disagreeing; a being at variance; dissimilitude; diversity.
Disagreement	Unsuitableness; unadaptedness.
Disagreement	Difference of opinion or sentiment.
Disagreement	A falling out, or controversy; difference.
Disagreer	One who disagrees.
Disalliege	To alienate from allegiance.
Disallowed	of Disallow
Disallowing	of Disallow
Disallow	To refuse to allow; to deny the force or validity of; to disown and reject; as, the judge disallowed the executor's charge.
Disallowable	Not allowable; not to be suffered.
Disallowance	The act of disallowing; refusal to admit or permit; rejection.
Disally	To part, as an alliance; to sunder.
Disanchor	To raise the anchor of, as a ship; to weigh anchor.
Disangelical	Not angelical.
Disanimated	of Disanimate
Disanimating	of Disanimate
Disanimate	To deprive of life.
Disanimate	To deprive of spirit; to dishearten.
Disanimation	Privation of life.
Disanimation	The state of being disanimated or discouraged; depression of spirits.
Disannex	To disunite; to undo or repeal the annexation of.
Disannul	To annul completely; to render void or of no effect.
Disannuller	One who disannuls.
Disannulment	Complete annulment.
Disanoint	To invalidate the consecration of; as, to disanoint a king.
Disapparel	To disrobe; to strip of apparel; to make naked.
Disappeared	of Disappear
Disappearing	of Disappear
Disappear	To cease to appear or to be perceived; to pass from view, gradually or suddenly; to vanish; to be no longer seen; as, darkness disappears at the approach of light; a ship disappears as she sails from port.
Disappear	To cease to be or exist; as, the epidemic has disappeared.
Disappearance	The act of disappearing; cessation of appearance; removal from sight; vanishing.
Disappendency	A detachment or separation from a former connection.
Disappendent	Freed from a former connection or dependence; disconnected.
Disapointed	of Disappoint
Disappointing	of Disappoint
Disappoint	To defeat of expectation or hope; to hinder from the attainment of that which was expected, hoped, or desired; to balk; as, a man is disappointed of his hopes or expectations, or his hopes, desires, intentions, expectations, or plans are disappointed; a bad season disappoints the farmer of his crops; a defeat disappoints an enemy of his spoil.
Disappoint	To frustrate; to fail; to hinder of result.
Disappointed	Defeated of expectation or hope; balked; as, a disappointed person or hope.
Disappointed	Unprepared; unequipped.
Disappointment	The act of disappointing, or the state of being disappointed; defeat or failure of expectation or hope; miscarriage of design or plan; frustration.
Disappointment	That which disappoints.
Disappreciate	To undervalue; not to esteem.
Disapprobation	The act of disapproving; mental condemnation of what is judged wrong, unsuitable, or inexpedient; feeling of censure.
Disapprobatory	Containing disapprobation; serving to disapprove.
Disappropriate	Severed from the appropriation or possession of a spiritual corporation.
Disappropriate	To release from individual ownership or possession.
Disappropriate	To sever from appropriation or possession a spiritual corporation.
Disappropriation	The act of disappropriating.
Disapproval	Disapprobation; dislike; censure; adverse judgment.
Disapproved	of Disapprove
Disapproving	of Disapprove
Disapprove	To pass unfavorable judgment upon; to condemn by an act of the judgment; to regard as wrong, unsuitable, or inexpedient; to censure; as, to disapprove the conduct of others.
Disapprove	To refuse official approbation to; to disallow; to decline to sanction; as, the sentence of the court-martial was disapproved by the commander in chief.
Disapprover	One who disapproves.
Disapprovingly	In a disapproving manner.
Disard	See Dizzard.
Disarming	of Disarm
Disarming	of Disarm
Disarm	To deprive of arms; to take away the weapons of; to deprive of the means of attack or defense; to render defenseless.
Disarm	To deprive of the means or the disposition to harm; to render harmless or innocuous; as, to disarm a man's wrath.
Disarmament	The act of disarming.
Disarmature	The act of divesting of armature.
Disarmed	Deprived of arms.
Disarmed	Deprived of claws, and teeth or beaks.
Disarmer	One who disarms.
Disarranged	of Disarrange
Disarranging	of Disarrange
Disarrange	To unsettle or disturb the order or due arrangement of; to throw out of order.
Disarrangement	The act of disarranging, or the state of being disarranged; confusion; disorder.
Disarrayed	of Disarray
Disarraying	of Disarray
Disarray	To throw into disorder; to break the array of.
Disarray	To take off the dress of; to unrobe.
Disarray	Want of array or regular order; disorder; confusion.
Disarray	Confused attire; undress.
Disarrayment	Disorder.
Disarticulate	To sunder; to separate, as joints.
Disarticulator	One who disarticulates and prepares skeletons.
Disassent	To dissent.
Disassent	Dissent.
Disassenter	One who disassents; a dissenter.
Disassiduity	Want of assiduity or care.
Disassimilate	To subject to disassimilation.
Disassimilation	The decomposition of complex substances, within the organism, into simpler ones suitable only for excretion, with evolution of energy, -- a normal nutritional process the reverse of assimilation; downward metabolism.
Disassimilative	Having power to disassimilate; of the nature of disassimilation.
Disassociated	of Disassociate
Disassociating	of Disassociate
Disassociate	To disconnect from things associated; to disunite; to dissociate.
Disaster	An unpropitious or baleful aspect of a planet or star; malevolent influence of a heavenly body; hence, an ill portent.
Disaster	An adverse or unfortunate event, esp. a sudden and extraordinary misfortune; a calamity; a serious mishap.
Disaster	To blast by the influence of a baleful star.
Disaster	To bring harm upon; to injure.
Disasterly	Disastrously.
Disastrous	Full of unpropitious stellar influences; unpropitious; ill-boding.
Disastrous	Attended with suffering or disaster; very unfortunate; calamitous; ill-fated; as, a disastrous day; a disastrous termination of an undertaking.
Disattire	To unrobe; to undress.
Disaugment	To diminish.
Disauthorize	To deprive of credit or authority; to discredit.
Disavaunce	To retard; to repel; to do damage to.
Disaventure	Misfortune.
Disaventurous	Misadventurous; unfortunate.
Disavouch	To disavow.
Disavowed	of Disavow
Disavowing	of Disavow
Disavow	To refuse strongly and solemnly to own or acknowledge; to deny responsibility for, approbation of, and the like; to disclaim; to disown; as, he was charged with embezzlement, but he disavows the crime.
Disavow	To deny; to show the contrary of; to disprove.
Disavowal	The act of disavowing, disclaiming, or disowning; rejection and denial.
Disavowance	Disavowal.
Disavower	One who disavows.
Disavowment	Disavowal.
Disbanded	of Disband
Disbanding	of Disband
Disband	To loose the bands of; to set free; to disunite; to scatter; to disperse; to break up the organization of; especially, to dismiss from military service; as, to disband an army.
Disband	To divorce.
Disband	To become separated, broken up, dissolved, or scattered; especially, to quit military service by breaking up organization.
Disbandment	The act of disbanding.
Disbarred	of Disbar
Disbarring	of Disbar
Disbar	To expel from the bar, or the legal profession; to deprive (an attorney, barrister, or counselor) of his status and privileges as such.
Disbark	To disembark.
Disbark	To strip of bark; to bark.
Disbarment	Act of disbarring.
Disbase	To debase or degrade.
Disbecome	To misbecome.
Disbelief	The act of disbelieving;; a state of the mind in which one is fully persuaded that an opinion, assertion, or doctrine is not true; refusal of assent, credit, or credence; denial of belief.
Disbelieved	of Disbelieve
Disbelieving	of Disbelieve
Disbelieve	Not to believe; to refuse belief or credence to; to hold not to be true or actual.
Disbeliever	One who disbelieves, or refuses belief; an unbeliever. Specifically, one who does not believe the Christian religion.
Disbench	To drive from a bench or seat.
Disbench	To deprive (a bencher) of his privileges.
Disbend	To unbend.
Disbind	To unbind; to loosen.
Disblame	To clear from blame.
Disbodied	Disembodied.
Disboscation	Converting forest land into cleared or arable land; removal of a forest.
Disbowel	To disembowel.
Disbranch	To divest of a branch or branches; to tear off.
Disbud	To deprive of buds or shoots, as for training, or economizing the vital strength of a tree.
Disburden	To rid of a burden; to free from a load borne or from something oppressive; to unload; to disencumber; to relieve.
Disburden	To relieve one's self of a burden; to ease the mind.
Disburgeon	To strip of burgeons or buds; to disbud.
Disbursed	of Disburse
Disbursing	of Disburse
Disburse	To pay out; to expend; -- usually from a public fund or treasury.
Disbursement	The act of disbursing or paying out.
Disbursement	That which is disbursed or paid out; as, the annual disbursements exceed the income.
Disburser	One who disburses money.
Disburthened	of Disburthen
Disburthening	of Disburthen
Disburthen	To disburden; to relieve of a load.
Disc	A flat round plate
Disc	A circular structure either in plants or animals; as, a blood disc, a germinal disc, etc.  Same as Disk.
Discage	To uncage.
Discal	Pertaining to, or resembling, a disk; as, discal cells.
Discalceate	To pull off shoes or sandals from.
Discalceated	Deprived off shoes or sandals; unshod; discalced.
Discalced	Unshod; barefooted; -- in distinction from calced.
Discalceation	The act of pulling off the shoes or sandals.
Discamp	To drive from a camp.
Discandy	To melt; to dissolve; to thaw.
Discant	See Descant, n.
Discapacitate	To deprive of capacity; to incapacitate.
Discarded	of Discard
Discarding	of Discard
Discard	To throw out of one's hand, as superfluous cards; to lay aside (a card or cards).
Discard	To cast off as useless or as no longer of service; to dismiss from employment, confidence, or favor; to discharge; to turn away.
Discard	To put or thrust away; to reject.
Discard	To make a discard.
Discard	The act of discarding; also, the card or cards discarded.
Discardure	Rejection; dismissal.
Discarnate	Stripped of flesh.
Discase	To strip; to undress.
Discede	To yield or give up; to depart.
Discept	To debate; to discuss.
Disceptation	Controversy; disputation; discussion.
Disceptator	One who arbitrates or decides.
Discerned	of Discern
Discerning	of Discern
Discern	To see and identify by noting a difference or differences; to note the distinctive character of; to discriminate; to distinguish.
Discern	To see by the eye or by the understanding; to perceive and recognize; as, to discern a difference.
Discern	To see or understand the difference; to make distinction; as, to discern between good and evil, truth and falsehood.
Discern	To make cognizance.
Discernance	Discernment.
Discerner	One who, or that which, discerns, distinguishes, perceives, or judges; as, a discerner of truth, of right and wrong.
Discernible	Capable of being discerned by the eye or the understanding; as, a star is discernible by the eye; the identity of difference of ideas is discernible by the understanding.
Discernibleness	The quality of being discernible.
Discernibly	In a manner to be discerned; perceptibly; visibly.
Discerning	Acute; shrewd; sagacious; sharp-sighted.
Discerningly	In a discerning manner; with judgment; judiciously; acutely.
Discernment	The act of discerning.
Discernment	The power or faculty of the mind by which it distinguishes one thing from another; power of viewing differences in objects, and their relations and tendencies; penetrative and discriminate mental vision; acuteness; sagacity; insight; as, the errors of youth often proceed from the want of discernment.
Discerp	To tear in pieces; to rend.
Discerp	To separate; to disunite.
Discerpibility	Alt. of Discerptibility
Discerptibility	Capability or liableness to be discerped.
Discerpible	Alt. of Discerptible
Discerptible	Capable of being discerped.
Discerption	The act of pulling to pieces, or of separating the parts.
Discerptive	Tending to separate or disunite parts.
Discession	Departure.
Discharged	of Discharge
Discharging	of Discharge
Discharge	To relieve of a charge, load, or burden; to empty of a load or cargo; to unburden; to unload; as, to discharge a vessel.
Discharge	To free of the missile with which anything is charged or loaded; to let go the charge of; as, to discharge a bow, catapult, etc.; especially, said of firearms, -- to fire off; to shoot off; also, to relieve from a state of tension, as a Leyden jar.
Discharge	To of something weighing upon or impeding over one, as a debt, claim, obligation, responsibility, accusation, etc.; to absolve; to acquit; to clear.
Discharge	To relieve of an office or employment; to send away from service; to dismiss.
Discharge	To release legally from confinement; to set at liberty; as, to discharge a prisoner.
Discharge	To put forth, or remove, as a charge or burden; to take out, as that with which anything is loaded or filled; as, to discharge a cargo.
Discharge	To let fly, as a missile; to shoot.
Discharge	To set aside; to annul; to dismiss.
Discharge	To throw off the obligation of, as a duty or debt; to relieve one's self of, by fulfilling conditions, performing duty, trust, and the like; hence, to perform or execute, as an office, or part.
Discharge	To send away (a creditor) satisfied by payment; to pay one's debt or obligation to.
Discharge	To give forth; to emit or send out; as, a pipe discharges water; to let fly; to give expression to; to utter; as, to discharge a horrible oath.
Discharge	To prohibit; to forbid.
Discharge	To throw off or deliver a load, charge, or burden; to unload; to emit or give vent to fluid or other contents; as, the water pipe discharges freely.
Discharge	The act of discharging; the act of relieving of a charge or load; removal of a load or burden; unloading; as, the discharge of a ship; discharge of a cargo.
Discharge	Firing off; explosive removal of a charge; explosion; letting off; as, a discharge of arrows, of artillery.
Discharge	Act of relieving of something which oppresses or weighs upon one, as an obligation, liability, debt, accusation, etc.; acquittance; as, the discharge of a debtor.
Discharge	Act of removing, or getting rid of, an obligation, liability, etc.; fulfillment, as by the payment of a debt, or the performance of a trust or duty.
Discharge	Release or dismissal from an office, employment, etc.; dismission; as, the discharge of a workman by his employer.
Discharge	Legal release from confinement; liberation; as, the discharge of a prisoner.
Discharge	The state of being discharged or relieved of a debt, obligation, office, and the like; acquittal.
Discharge	That which discharges or releases from an obligation, liability, penalty, etc., as a price of ransom, a legal document.
Discharge	A flowing or issuing out; emission; vent; evacuation; also, that which is discharged or emitted; as, a rapid discharge of water from the pipe.
Discharger	One who, or that which, discharges. Specifically, in electricity, an instrument for discharging a Leyden jar, or electrical battery, by making a connection between the two surfaces; a discharging rod.
Dischevele	Disheveled.
Dischurch	To deprive of status as a church, or of membership in a church.
Discide	To divide; to cleave in two.
Disciferous	Bearing disks.
Discifloral	Alt. of Disciflorous
Disciflorous	Bearing the stamens on a discoid outgrowth of the receptacle; -- said of a subclass of plants.  Cf. Calycifloral.
Disciform	Discoid.
Discina	A genus of Branchiopoda, having a disklike shell, attached by one valve, which is perforated by the peduncle.
Discinct	Ungirded; loosely dressed.
Discind	To part; to divide.
Disciple	One who receives instruction from another; a scholar; a learner; especially, a follower who has learned to believe in the truth of the doctrine of his teacher; an adherent in doctrine; as, the disciples of Plato; the disciples of our Savior.
Discipled	of Disciple
Discipling	of Disciple
Disciple	To teach; to train.
Disciple	To punish; to discipline.
Disciple	To make disciples of; to convert to doctrines or principles.
Discipleship	The state of being a disciple or follower in doctrines and precepts.
Discipless	A female disciple.
Disciplinable	Capable of being disciplined or improved by instruction and training.
Disciplinable	Liable or deserving to be disciplined; subject to disciplinary punishment; as, a disciplinable offense.
Disciplinableness	The quality of being improvable by discipline.
Disciplinal	Relating to discipline.
Disciplinant	A flagellant. See Flagellant.
Disciplinarian	Pertaining to discipline.
Disciplinarian	One who disciplines; one who excels in training, especially with training, especially with regard to order and obedience; one who enforces rigid discipline; a stickler for the observance of rules and methods of training; as, he is a better disciplinarian than scholar.
Disciplinarian	A Puritan or Presbyterian; -- because of rigid adherence to religious or church discipline.
Disciplinary	Pertaining to discipline; intended for discipline; corrective; belonging to a course of training.
Discipline	The treatment suited to a disciple or learner; education; development of the faculties by instruction and exercise; training, whether physical, mental, or moral.
Discipline	Training to act in accordance with established rules; accustoming to systematic and regular action; drill.
Discipline	Subjection to rule; submissiveness to order and control; habit of obedience.
Discipline	Severe training, corrective of faults; instruction by means of misfortune, suffering, punishment, etc.
Discipline	Correction; chastisement; punishment inflicted by way of correction and training.
Discipline	The subject matter of instruction; a branch of knowledge.
Discipline	The enforcement of methods of correction against one guilty of ecclesiastical offenses; reformatory or penal action toward a church member.
Discipline	Self-inflicted and voluntary corporal punishment, as penance, or otherwise; specifically, a penitential scourge.
Discipline	A system of essential rules and duties; as, the Romish or Anglican discipline.
Disciplined	of Discipline
Disciplining	of Discipline
Discipline	To educate; to develop by instruction and exercise; to train.
Discipline	To accustom to regular and systematic action; to bring under control so as to act systematically; to train to act together under orders; to teach subordination to; to form a habit of obedience in; to drill.
Discipline	To improve by corrective and penal methods; to chastise; to correct.
Discipline	To inflict ecclesiastical censures and penalties upon.
Discipliner	One who disciplines.
Disclaimed	of Disclaim
Disclaiming	of Disclaim
Disclaim	To renounce all claim to deny; ownership of, or responsibility for; to disown; to disavow; to reject.
Disclaim	To deny, as a claim; to refuse.
Disclaim	To relinquish or deny having a claim; to disavow another's claim; to decline accepting, as an estate, interest, or office.
Disclaim	To disavow or renounce all part, claim, or share.
Disclaimer	One who disclaims, disowns, or renounces.
Disclaimer	A denial, disavowal, or renunciation, as of a title, claim, interest, estate, or trust; relinquishment or waiver of an interest or estate.
Disclaimer	A public disavowal, as of pretensions, claims, opinions, and the like.
Disclamation	A disavowing or disowning.
Disclame	To disclaim; to expel.
Disclaunder	To injure one's good name; to slander.
Discloak	To take off a cloak from; to uncloak.
Disclosed	of Disclose
Disclosing	of Disclose
Disclose	To unclose; to open; -- applied esp. to eggs in the sense of to hatch.
Disclose	To remove a cover or envelope from;; to set free from inclosure; to uncover.
Disclose	To lay open or expose to view; to cause to appear; to bring to light; to reveal.
Disclose	To make known, as that which has been kept secret or hidden; to reveal; to expose; as, events have disclosed his designs.
Disclose	Disclosure.
Disclosed	Represented with wings expanded; -- applied to doves and other birds not of prey.
Discloser	One who discloses.
Disclosure	The act of disclosing, uncovering, or revealing; bringing to light; exposure.
Disclosure	That which is disclosed or revealed.
Discloud	To clear from clouds.
Disclout	To divest of a clout.
Disclusion	A shutting off; exclusion.
Discoast	To depart; to quit the coast (that is, the side or border) of anything; to be separated.
Discoblastic	Applied to a form of egg cleavage seen in osseous fishes, which occurs only in a small disk that separates from the rest of the egg.
Discoboli	of Discobolus
Discobolus	A thrower of the discus.
Discobolus	A statue of an athlete holding the discus, or about to throw it.
Discodactyl	One of the tree frogs.
Discodactylia	A division of amphibians having suctorial disks on the toes, as the tree frogs.
Discodactylous	Having sucking disks on the toes, as the tree frogs.
Discoherent	Incoherent.
Discoid	Having the form of a disk, as those univalve shells which have the whorls in one plane, so as to form a disk, as the pearly nautilus.
Discoid	Anything having the form of a discus or disk; particularly, a discoid shell.
Discoidal	Disk-shaped; discoid.
Discolith	One of a species of coccoliths, having an oval discoidal body, with a thick strongly refracting rim, and a thinner central portion. One of them measures about / of an inch in its longest diameter.
Discolored	of Discolor
Discoloring	of Discolor
Discolor	To alter the natural hue or color of; to change to a different color; to stain; to tinge; as, a drop of wine will discolor water; silver is discolored by sea water.
Discolor	To alter the true complexion or appearance of; to put a false hue upon.
Discolorate	To discolor.
Discoloration	The act of discoloring, or the state of being discolored; alteration of hue or appearance.
Discoloration	A discolored spot; a stain.
Discolored	Altered in color; /tained.
Discolored	Variegated; of divers colors.
Discomfited	of Discomfit
Discomfiting	of Discomfit
Discomfit	To scatter in fight; to put to rout; to defeat.
Discomfit	To break up and frustrate the plans of; to balk/ to throw into perplexity and dejection; to disconcert.
Discomfit	Discomfited; overthrown.
Discomfit	Rout; overthrow; discomfiture.
Discomfiture	The act of discomfiting, or the state of being discomfited; rout; overthrow; defeat; frustration; confusion and dejection.
Discomforted	of Discomfort
Discomforting	of Discomfort
Discomfort	To discourage; to deject.
Discomfort	To destroy or disturb the comfort of; to deprive o/ quiet enjoyment; to make uneasy; to pain; as, a smoky chimney discomforts a family.
Discomfort	Discouragement.
Discomfort	Want of comfort; uneasiness, mental or physical; disturbance of peace; inquietude; pain; distress; sorrow.
Discomfortable	Causing discomfort; occasioning uneasiness; making sad.
Discomfortable	Destitute of comfort; uncomfortable.
Discommend	To mention with disapprobation; to blame; to disapprove.
Discommend	To expose to censure or ill favor; to put out of the good graces of any one.
Discommendable	Deserving, disapprobation or blame.
Discommendation	Blame; censure; reproach.
Discommender	One who discommends; a dispraiser.
Discommission	To deprive of a commission or trust.
Discommodate	To discommode.
Discommoded	of Discommode
Discommoding	of Discommode
Discommode	To put inconvenience; to incommode; to trouble.
Discommodious	Inconvenient; troublesome; incommodious.
Discommodity	Disadvantage; inconvenience.
Discommon	To deprive of the right of common.
Discommon	To deprive of privileges.
Discommon	To deprive of commonable quality, as lands, by inclosing or appropriating.
Discommunity	A lack of common possessions, properties, or relationship.
Discompany	To free from company; to dissociate.
Discomplexion	To change the complexion or hue of.
Discompliance	Failure or refusal to comply; noncompliance.
Discomposed	of Discompose
Discomposing	of Discompose
Discompose	To disarrange; to interfere with; to disturb; to disorder; to unsettle; to break up.
Discompose	To throw into disorder; to ruffle; to destroy the composure or equanimity; to agitate.
Discompose	To put out of place or service; to discharge; to displace.
Discomposed	Disordered; disturbed; disquieted.
Discomposition	Inconsistency; discordance.
Discomposure	The state of being discomposed; disturbance; disorder; agitation; perturbation.
Discomposure	Discordance; disagreement of parts.
Discompt	To discount. See Discount.
Disconcerted	of Disconcert
Disconcerting	of Disconcert
Disconcert	To break up the harmonious progress of; to throw into disorder or confusion; as, the emperor disconcerted the plans of his enemy.
Disconcert	To confuse the faculties of; to disturb the composure of; to discompose; to abash.
Disconcert	Want of concert; disagreement.
Disconcertion	The act of disconcerting, or state of being disconcerted; discomposure; perturbation.
Disconducive	Not conductive; impeding; disadvantageous.
Disconformable	Not conformable.
Disconformity	Want of conformity or correspondence; inconsistency; disagreement.
Discongruity	Incongruity; disagreement; unsuitableness.
Disconnected	of Disconnect
Disconnecting	of Disconnect
Disconnect	To dissolve the union or connection of; to disunite; to sever; to separate; to disperse.
Disconnection	The act of disconnecting, or state of being disconnected; separation; want of union.
Disconsecrate	To deprive of consecration or sacredness.
Discosent	To differ; to disagree; to dissent.
Disconsolacy	The state of being disconsolate.
Disconsolate	Disconsolateness.
Disconsolate	Destitute of consolation; deeply dejected and dispirited; hopelessly sad; comfortless; filled with grief; as, a bereaved and disconsolate parent.
Disconsolate	Inspiring dejection; saddening; cheerless; as, the disconsolate darkness of the winter nights.
Disconsolated	Disconsolate.
Disconsolation	Dejection; grief.
Discontent	Not content; discontented; dissatisfied.
Discontented	of Discontent
Discontenting	of Discontent
Discontent	To deprive of content; to make uneasy; to dissatisfy.
Discontent	Want of content; uneasiness and inquietude of mind; dissatisfaction; disquiet.
Discontent	A discontented person; a malcontent.
Discontentation	Discontent.
Discontented	Dissatisfied; uneasy in mind; malcontent.
Discontentful	Full of discontent.
Discontenting	Discontented.
Discontenting	Causing discontent; dissatisfying.
Discontentive	Relating or tending to discontent.
Discontentment	The state of being discontented; uneasiness; inquietude.
Discontinuable	Admitting of being discontinued.
Discontinuance	The act of discontinuing, or the state of being discontinued; want of continued connection or continuity; breaking off; cessation; interruption; as, a discontinuance of conversation or intercourse; discontinuance of a highway or of travel.
Discontinuance	A breaking off or interruption of an estate, which happened when an alienation was made by a tenant in tail, or other tenant, seized in right of another, of a larger estate than the tenant was entitled to, whereby the party ousted or injured was driven to his real action, and could not enter. This effect of such alienation is now obviated by statute in both England and the United States.
Discontinuance	The termination of an action in practice by the voluntary act of the plaintiff; an entry on the record that the plaintiff discontinues his action.
Discontinuance	That technical interruption of the proceedings in pleading in an action, which follows where a defendant does not answer the whole of the plaintiff's declaration, and the plaintiff omits to take judgment for the part unanswered.
Discontinuation	Breach or interruption of continuity; separation of parts in a connected series; discontinuance.
Discontinued	of Discontinue
Discontinuing	of Discontinue
Discontinue	To interrupt the continuance of; to intermit, as a practice or habit; to put an end to; to cause to cease; to cease using, to stop; to leave off.
Discontinue	To lose continuity or cohesion of parts; to be disrupted or broken off.
Discontinue	To be separated or severed; to part.
Discontinuee	One whose possession of an estate is broken off, or discontinued; one whose estate is subject to discontinuance.
Discontinuer	One who discontinues, or breaks off or away from; an absentee.
Discontinuity	Want of continuity or cohesion; disunion of parts.
Discontinuor	One who deprives another of the possession of an estate by discontinuance. See Discontinuance, 2.
Discontinuous	Not continuous; interrupted; broken off.
Discontinuous	Exhibiting a dissolution of continuity; gaping.
Disconvenience	Unsuitableness; incongruity.
Disconvenient	Not convenient or congruous; unsuitable; ill-adapted.
Discophora	A division of acalephs or jellyfishes, including most of the large disklike species.
Discord	Want of concord or agreement; absence of unity or harmony in sentiment or action; variance leading to contention and strife; disagreement; -- applied to persons or to things, and to thoughts, feelings, or purposes.
Discord	Union of musical sounds which strikes the ear harshly or disagreeably, owing to the incommensurability of the vibrations which they produce; want of musical concord or harmony; a chord demanding resolution into a concord.
Discord	To disagree; to be discordant; to jar; to clash; not to suit.
Discordable	That may produce discord; disagreeing; discordant.
Discordance	Alt. of Discordancy
Discordancy	State or quality of being discordant; disagreement; inconsistency.
Discordant	Disagreeing; incongruous; being at variance; clashing; opposing; not harmonious.
Discordant	Dissonant; not in harmony or musical concord; harsh; jarring; as, discordant notes or sounds.
Discordant	Said of strata which lack conformity in direction of bedding, either as in unconformability, or as caused by a fault.
Discordful	Full of discord; contentious.
Discordous	Full of discord.
Discorporate	Deprived of the privileges or form of a body corporate.
Discorrespondent	Incongruous.
Discost	Same as Discoast.
Discounsel	To dissuade.
Discounted	of Discount
Discounting	of Discount
Discount	To deduct from an account, debt, charge, and the like; to make an abatement of; as, merchants sometimes discount five or six per cent for prompt payment of bills.
Discount	To lend money upon, deducting the discount or allowance for interest; as, the banks discount notes and bills of exchange.
Discount	To take into consideration beforehand; to anticipate and form conclusions concerning (an event).
Discount	To leave out of account; to take no notice of.
Discount	To lend, or make a practice of lending, money, abating the discount; as, the discount for sixty or ninety days.
Discount	A counting off or deduction made from a gross sum on any account whatever; an allowance upon an account, debt, demand, price asked, and the like; something taken or deducted.
Discount	A deduction made for interest, in advancing money upon, or purchasing, a bill or note not due; payment in advance of interest upon money.
Discount	The rate of interest charged in discounting.
Discountable	Capable of being, or suitable to be, discounted; as, certain forms are necessary to render notes discountable at a bank.
Discountenanced	of Discountenance
Discountenancing	of Discountenance
Discountenance	To ruffle or discompose the countenance of; to put of countenance; to put to shame; to abash.
Discountenance	To refuse to countenance, or give the support of one's approval to; to give one's influence against; to restrain by cold treatment; to discourage.
Discountenance	Unfavorable aspect; unfriendly regard; cold treatment; disapprobation; whatever tends to check or discourage.
Discountenancer	One who discountenances; one who disfavors.
Discounter	One who discounts; a discount broker.
Discouraged	of Discourage
Discouraging	of Discourage
Discourage	To extinguish the courage of; to dishearten; to depress the spirits of; to deprive of confidence; to deject; -- the opposite of encourage; as, he was discouraged in his undertaking; he need not be discouraged from a like attempt.
Discourage	To dishearten one with respect to; to discountenance; to seek to check by disfavoring; to deter one from; as, they discouraged his efforts.
Discourage	Lack of courage; cowardliness.
Discourageable	Capable of being discouraged; easily disheartened.
Discouragement	The act of discouraging, or the state of being discouraged; depression or weakening of confidence; dejection.
Discouragement	That which discourages; that which deters, or tends to deter, from an undertaking, or from the prosecution of anything; a determent; as, the revolution was commenced under every possible discouragement.
Discourager	One who discourages.
Discouraging	Causing or indicating discouragement.
Discoure	To discover.
Discourse	The power of the mind to reason or infer by running, as it were, from one fact or reason to another, and deriving a conclusion; an exercise or act of this power; reasoning; range of reasoning faculty.
Discourse	Conversation; talk.
Discourse	The art and manner of speaking and conversing.
Discourse	Consecutive speech, either written or unwritten, on a given line of thought; speech; treatise; dissertation; sermon, etc.; as, the preacher gave us a long discourse on duty.
Discourse	Dealing; transaction.
Discoursed	of Discourse
Discoursing	of Discourse
Discourse	To exercise reason; to employ the mind in judging and inferring; to reason.
Discourse	To express one's self in oral discourse; to expose one's views; to talk in a continuous or formal manner; to hold forth; to speak; to converse.
Discourse	To relate something; to tell.
Discourse	To treat of something in writing and formally.
Discourse	To treat of; to expose or set forth in language.
Discourse	To utter or give forth; to speak.
Discourse	To talk to; to confer with.
Discourser	One who discourse; a narrator; a speaker; an haranguer.
Discourser	The writer of a treatise or dissertation.
Discoursive	Reasoning; characterized by reasoning; passing from premises to consequences; discursive.
Discoursive	Containing dialogue or conversation; interlocutory.
Discoursive	Inclined to converse; conversable; communicative; as, a discoursive man.
Discoursive	The state or quality of being discoursive or able to reason.
Discourteous	Uncivil; rude; wanting in courtesy or good manners; uncourteous.
Discourtesy	Rudeness of behavior or language; ill manners; manifestation of disrespect; incivility.
Discourtship	Want of courtesy.
Discous	Disklike; discoid.
Discovenant	To dissolve covenant with.
Discovered	of Discover
Discovering	of Discover
Discover	To uncover.
Discover	To disclose; to lay open to view; to make visible; to reveal; to make known; to show (what has been secret, unseen, or unknown).
Discover	To obtain for the first time sight or knowledge of, as of a thing existing already, but not perceived or known; to find; to ascertain; to espy; to detect.
Discover	To manifest without design; to show.
Discover	To explore; to examine.
Discover	To discover or show one's self.
Discoverability	The quality of being discoverable.
Discoverable	Capable of being discovered, found out, or perceived; as, many minute animals are discoverable only by the help of the microscope; truths discoverable by human industry.
Discoverer	One who discovers; one who first comes to the knowledge of something; one who discovers an unknown country, or a new principle, truth, or fact.
Discoverer	A scout; an explorer.
Discoverment	Discovery.
Discovert	Not covert; not within the bonds of matrimony; unmarried; -- applied either to a woman who has never married or to a widow.
Discovert	An uncovered place or part.
Discoverture	Discovery.
Discoverture	A state of being released from coverture; freedom of a woman from the coverture of a husband.
Discoveries	of Discovery
Discovery	The action of discovering; exposure to view; laying open; showing; as, the discovery of a plot.
Discovery	A making known; revelation; disclosure; as, a bankrupt is bound to make a full discovery of his assets.
Discovery	Finding out or ascertaining something previously unknown or unrecognized; as, Harvey's discovery of the circulation of the blood.
Discovery	That which is discovered; a thing found out, or for the first time ascertained or recognized; as, the properties of the magnet were an important discovery.
Discovery	Exploration; examination.
Discradle	To take from a cradle.
Discredit	The act of discrediting or disbelieving, or the state of being discredited or disbelieved; as, later accounts have brought the story into discredit.
Discredit	Hence, some degree of dishonor or disesteem; ill repute; reproach; -- applied to persons or things.
Discredited	of Discredit
Discrediting	of Discredit
Discredit	To refuse credence to; not to accept as true; to disbelieve; as, the report is discredited.
Discredit	To deprive of credibility; to destroy confidence or trust in; to cause disbelief in the accuracy or authority of.
Discredit	To deprive of credit or good repute; to bring reproach upon; to make less reputable; to disgrace.
Discreditable	Not creditable; injurious to reputation; disgraceful; disreputable.
Discreditor	One who discredits.
Discreet	Possessed of discernment, especially in avoiding error or evil, and in the adaptation of means to ends; prudent; sagacious; judicious; not rash or heedless; cautious.
Discreet	Differing; distinct.
-ances	of Discrepancy
-ancies	of Discrepancy
Discrepance	Alt. of Discrepancy
Discrepancy	The state or quality of being discrepant; disagreement; variance; discordance; dissimilarity; contrariety.
Discrepant	Discordant; at variance; disagreeing; contrary; different.
Discrepant	A dissident.
Discrete	Separate; distinct; disjunct.
Discrete	Disjunctive; containing a disjunctive or discretive clause; as, "I resign my life, but not my honor," is a discrete proposition.
Discrete	Separate; not coalescent; -- said of things usually coalescent.
Discrete	To separate.
Discretely	Separately; disjunctively.
Discretion	Disjunction; separation.
Discretion	The quality of being discreet; wise conduct and management; cautious discernment, especially as to matters of propriety and self-control; prudence; circumspection; wariness.
Discretion	Discrimination.
Discretion	Freedom to act according to one's own judgment; unrestrained exercise of choice or will.
Discretional	Alt. of Discretionary
Discretionary	Left to discretion; unrestrained except by discretion or judgment; as, an ambassador with discretionary powers.
Discretionally	Alt. of Discretionarily
Discretionarily	At discretion; according to one's discretion or judgment.
Discretive	Marking distinction or separation; disjunctive.
Discretively	In a discretive manner.
Discriminable	Capable of being discriminated.
Discriminal	In palmistry, applied to the line which marks the separation between the hand and the arm.
Discriminant	The eliminant of the n partial differentials of any homogenous function of n variables. See Eliminant.
Discriminate	Having the difference marked; distinguished by certain tokens.
Discriminated	of Discriminate
Discriminating	of Discriminate
Discriminate	To set apart as being different; to mark as different; to separate from another by discerning differences; to distinguish.
Discriminate	To make a difference or distinction; to distinguish accurately; as, in judging of evidence, we should be careful to discriminate between probability and slight presumption.
Discriminate	To treat unequally.
Discriminate	To impose unequal tariffs for substantially the same service.
Discriminately	In a discriminating manner; distinctly.
Discriminateness	The state of being discriminated; distinctness.
Discriminating	Marking a difference; distinguishing.
Discrimination	The act of discriminating, distinguishing, or noting and marking differences.
Discrimination	The state of being discriminated, distinguished, or set apart.
Discrimination	The arbitrary imposition of unequal tariffs for substantially the same service.
Discrimination	The quality of being discriminating; faculty of nicely distinguishing; acute discernment; as, to show great discrimination in the choice of means.
Discrimination	That which discriminates; mark of distinction.
Discriminative	Marking a difference; distinguishing; distinctive; characteristic.
Discriminative	Observing distinctions; making differences; discriminating.
Discriminatively	With discrimination or distinction.
Discriminator	One who discriminates.
Discriminatory	Discriminative.
Discriminous	Hazardous; dangerous.
Discrive	To describe.
Discrowned	of Discrown
Discrowning	of Discrown
Discrown	To deprive of a crown.
Discruciated	of Discruciate
Discruciating	of Discruciate
Discruciate	To torture; to excruciate.
Discubitory	Leaning; fitted for a reclining posture.
Disculpated	of Disculpate
Disculpating	of Disculpate
Disculpate	To free from blame or the imputation of a fault; to exculpate.
Disculpation	Exculpation.
Disculpatory	Tending to exculpate; exculpatory.
Discumbency	The act of reclining at table according to the manner of the ancients at their meals.
Discumber	To free from that which cumbers or impedes; to disencumber.
Discure	To discover; to reveal; to discoure.
Discurrent	Not current or free to circulate; not in use.
Discursion	The act of discoursing or reasoning; range, as from thought to thought.
Discursist	A discourser.
Discursive	Passing from one thing to another; ranging over a wide field; roving; digressive; desultory.
Discursive	Reasoning; proceeding from one ground to another, as in reasoning; argumentative.
Discursory	Argumentative; discursive; reasoning.
Discursus	Argumentation; ratiocination; discursive reasoning.
Discuses	of Discus
Disci	of Discus
Discus	A quoit; a circular plate of some heavy material intended to be pitched or hurled as a trial of strength and skill.
Discus	The exercise with the discus.
Discus	A disk. See Disk.
Discussed	of Discuss
Discussing	of Discuss
Discuss	To break to pieces; to shatter.
Discuss	To break up; to disperse; to scatter; to dissipate; to drive away; -- said especially of tumors.
Discuss	To shake; to put away; to finish.
Discuss	To examine in detail or by disputation; to reason upon by presenting favorable and adverse considerations; to debate; to sift; to investigate; to ventilate.
Discuss	To deal with, in eating or drinking.
Discuss	To examine or search thoroughly; to exhaust a remedy against, as against a principal debtor before proceeding against the surety.
Discusser	One who discusses; one who sifts or examines.
Discussion	The act or process of discussing by breaking up, or dispersing, as a tumor, or the like.
Discussion	The act of discussing or exchanging reasons; examination by argument; debate; disputation; agitation.
Discussional	Pertaining to discussion.
Discussive	Able or tending to discuss or disperse tumors or coagulated matter.
Discussive	Doubt-dispelling; decisive.
Discussive	A medicine that discusses or disperses morbid humors; a discutient.
Discutient	Serving to disperse morbid matter; discussive; as, a discutient application.
Discutient	An agent (as a medicinal application) which serves to disperse morbid matter.
Disdain	A feeling of contempt and aversion; the regarding anything as unworthy of or beneath one; scorn.
Disdain	That which is worthy to be disdained or regarded with contempt and aversion.
Disdain	The state of being despised; shame.
Disdained	of Disdain
Disdaining	of Disdain
Disdain	To think unworthy; to deem unsuitable or unbecoming; as, to disdain to do a mean act.
Disdain	To reject as unworthy of one's self, or as not deserving one's notice; to look with scorn upon; to scorn, as base acts, character, etc.
Disdain	To be filled with scorn; to feel contemptuous anger; to be haughty.
Disdained	Disdainful.
Disdainful	Full of disdain; expressing disdain; scornful; contemptuous; haughty.
Disdainishly	Disdainfully.
Disdainous	Disdainful.
Disdainously	Disdainfully.
Disdeify	To divest or deprive of deity or of a deific rank or condition.
Disdeign	To disdain.
Disdiaclast	One of the dark particles forming the doubly refracting disks of muscle fibers.
Disdiapason	An interval of two octaves, or a fifteenth; -- called also bisdiapason.
Disease	Lack of ease; uneasiness; trouble; vexation; disquiet.
Disease	An alteration in the state of the body or of some of its organs, interrupting or disturbing the performance of the vital functions, and causing or threatening pain and weakness; malady; affection; illness; sickness; disorder; -- applied figuratively to the mind, to the moral character and habits, to institutions, the state, etc.
Diseased	of Disease
Diseasing	of Disease
Disease	To deprive of ease; to disquiet; to trouble; to distress.
Disease	To derange the vital functions of; to afflict with disease or sickness; to disorder; -- used almost exclusively in the participle diseased.
Diseased	Afflicted with disease.
Diseasedness	The state of being diseased; a morbid state; sickness.
Diseaseful	Causing uneasiness.
Diseaseful	Abounding with disease; producing diseases; as, a diseaseful climate.
Diseasefulness	The quality of being diseaseful; trouble; trial.
Diseasement	Uneasiness; inconvenience.
Disedge	To deprive of an edge; to blunt; to dull.
Disedify	To fail of edifying; to injure.
Diselder	To deprive of an elder or elders, or of the office of an elder.
Diselenide	A selenide containing two atoms of selenium in each molecule.
Disembarked	of Disembark
Disembarking	of Disembark
Disembark	To remove from on board a vessel; to put on shore; to land; to debark; as, the general disembarked the troops.
Disembark	To go ashore out of a ship or boat; to leave a ship; to debark.
Disembarkation	The act of disembarking.
Disembarkment	Disembarkation.
Disembarrassed	of Disembarrass
Disembarrassing	of Disembarrass
Disembarrass	To free from embarrassment, or perplexity; to clear; to extricate.
Disembarrassment	Freedom or relief from impediment or perplexity.
Disembayed	of Disembay
Disembaying	of Disembay
Disembay	To clear from a bay.
Disembellish	To deprive of embellishment; to disadorn.
Disembitter	To free from
Disembodied	Divested of a body; ceased to be corporal; incorporeal.
Disembodiment	The act of disembodying, or the state of being disembodied.
Disembodied	of Disembody
Disembodying	of Disembody
Disembody	To divest of the body or corporeal existence.
Disembody	To disarm and disband, as a body of soldiers.
Disembogued	of Disembogue
Disemboguing	of Disembogue
Disembogue	To pour out or discharge at the mouth, as a stream; to vent; to discharge into an ocean, a lake, etc.
Disembogue	To eject; to cast forth.
Disembogue	To become discharged; to flow out; to find vent; to pour out contents.
Disemboguement	The act of disemboguing; discharge.
Disembossom	To separate from the bosom.
Disembowel	To take or let out the bowels or interior parts of; to eviscerate.
Disembowel	To take or draw from the body, as the web of a spider.
Disembowelment	The act of disemboweling, or state of being disemboweled; evisceration.
Disembowered	Deprived of, or removed from, a bower.
Disembrangle	To free from wrangling or litigation.
Disembroiled	of Disembroil
Disembroiling	of Disembroil
Disembroil	To disentangle; to free from perplexity; to extricate from confusion.
Disemploy	To throw out of employment.
Disemployment	The state of being disemployed, or deprived of employment.
Disempower	To deprive of power; to divest of strength.
Disenable	To disable; to disqualify.
Disenamor	To free from the captivity of love.
Disenchained	Freed from restraint; unrestrained.
Disenchanted	of Disenchant
Disenchanting	of Disenchant
Disenchant	To free from enchantment; to deliver from the power of charms or spells; to free from fascination or delusion.
Disenchanter	One who, or that which, disenchants.
Disenchantment	The act of disenchanting, or state of being disenchanted.
Disencharm	To free from the influence of a charm or spell; to disenchant.
Disenclose	See Disinclose.
Disencouragement	Discouragement.
Disencrese	To decrease.
Disencrese	Decrease.
Disencumbered	of Disencumber
Disencumbering	of Disencumber
Disencumber	To free from encumbrance, or from anything which clogs, impedes, or obstructs; to disburden.
Disencumbrance	Freedom or deliverance from encumbrance, or anything burdensome or troublesome.
Disendow	To deprive of an endowment, as a church.
Disendowment	The act of depriving of an endowment or endowments.
Disenfranchise	To disfranchise; to deprive of the rights of a citizen.
Disengaged	of Disengage
Disengaging	of Disengage
Disengage	To release from that with which anything is engaged, engrossed, involved, or entangled; to extricate; to detach; to set free; to liberate; to clear; as, to disengage one from a party, from broils and controversies, from an oath, promise, or occupation; to disengage the affections a favorite pursuit, the mind from study.
Disengage	To release one's self; to become detached; to free one's self.
Disengaged	Not engaged; free from engagement; at leisure; free from occupation or care; vacant.
Disengagement	The act of disengaging or setting free, or the state of being disengaged.
Disengagement	Freedom from engrossing occupation; leisure.
Disengaging	Loosing; setting free; detaching.
Disennoble	To deprive of that which ennobles; to degrade.
Disenrolled	of Disenroll
Disenrolling	of Disenroll
Disenroll	To erase from a roll or list.
Disensanity	Insanity; folly.
Disenshrouded	Freed from a shroudlike covering; unveiled.
Disenslave	To free from bondage or slavery; to disenthrall.
Disentail	To free from entailment.
Disentangled	of Disentangle
Disentangling	of Disentangle
Disentangle	To free from entanglement; to release from a condition of being intricately and confusedly involved or interlaced; to reduce to orderly arrangement; to straighten out; as, to disentangle a skein of yarn.
Disentangle	To extricate from complication and perplexity; disengage from embarrassing connection or intermixture; to disembroil; to set free; to separate.
Disentanglement	The act of disentangling or clearing from difficulties.
Disenter	See Disinter.
Disenthrall	To release from thralldom or slavery; to give freedom to; to disinthrall.
Disenthrallment	Liberation from bondage; emancipation; disinthrallment.
Disenthrone	To dethrone; to depose from sovereign authority.
Disentitle	To deprive of title or claim.
Disentomb	To take out from a tomb; a disinter.
Disentrail	To disembowel; to let out or draw forth, as the entrails.
Disentrance	To awaken from a trance or an enchantment.
Disentwine	To free from being entwined or twisted.
Disepalous	Having two sepals; two-sepaled.
Disert	Eloquent.
Disertitude	Eloquence.
Diserty	Expressly; clearly; eloquently.
Disespouse	To release from espousal or plighted faith.
Disestablish	To unsettle; to break up (anything established); to deprive, as a church, of its connection with the state.
Disestablishment	The act or process of unsettling or breaking up that which has been established; specifically, the withdrawal of the support of the state from an established church; as, the disestablishment and disendowment of the Irish Church by Act of Parliament.
Disestablishment	The condition of being disestablished.
Disesteem	Want of esteem; low estimation, inclining to dislike; disfavor; disrepute.
Disesteemed	of Disesteem
Disesteeming	of Disesteem
Disesteem	To feel an absence of esteem for; to regard with disfavor or slight contempt; to slight.
Disesteem	To deprive of esteem; to bring into disrepute; to cause to be regarded with disfavor.
Disesteemer	One who disesteems.
Disestimation	Disesteem.
Disexercise	To deprive of exercise; to leave untrained.
Disfame	Disrepute.
Disfancy	To dislike.
Disfashion	To disfigure.
Disfavor	Want of favor of favorable regard; disesteem; disregard.
Disfavor	The state of not being in favor; a being under the displeasure of some one; state of unacceptableness; as, to be in disfavor at court.
Disfavor	An unkindness; a disobliging act.
Disfavored	of Disfavor
Disfavoring	of Disfavor
Disfavor	To withhold or withdraw favor from; to regard with disesteem; to show disapprobation of; to discountenance.
Disfavor	To injure the form or looks of.
Disfavorable	Unfavorable.
Disfavorably	Unpropitiously.
Disfavorer	One who disfavors.
Disfeature	To deprive of features; to mar the features of.
Disfellowship	To exclude from fellowship; to refuse intercourse with, as an associate.
Disfiguration	The act of disfiguring, or the state of being disfigured; defacement; deformity; disfigurement.
Disfigured	of Disfigure
Disfiguring	of Disfigure
Disfigure	To mar the figure of; to render less complete, perfect, or beautiful in appearance; to deface; to deform.
Disfigure	Disfigurement; deformity.
Disfigurement	Act of disfiguring, or state of being disfigured; deformity.
Disfigurement	That which disfigures; a defacement; a blot.
Disfigurer	One who disfigures.
Disflesh	To reduce the flesh or obesity of.
Disforest	To disafforest.
Disforest	To clear or deprive of forests or trees.
Disforestation	The act of clearing land of forests.
Disformity	Discordance or diversity of form; unlikeness in form.
Disfranchised	of Disfranchise
Disfranchising	of Disfranchise
Disfranchise	To deprive of a franchise or chartered right; to dispossess of the rights of a citizen, or of a particular privilege, as of voting, holding office, etc.
Disfranchisement	The act of disfranchising, or the state disfranchised; deprivation of privileges of citizenship or of chartered immunities.
Disfriar	To depose or withdraw from the condition of a friar.
Disfrock	To unfrock.
Disfurnished	of Disfurnish
Disfurnishing	of Disfurnish
Disfurnish	To deprive of that with which anything is furnished (furniture, equipments, etc.); to strip; to render destitute; to divest.
Disfurnishment	The act of disfurnishing, or the state of being disfurnished.
Disfurniture	The act of disfurnishing, or the state of being disfurnished.
Disfurniture	To disfurnish.
Disgage	To free from a gage or pledge; to disengage.
Disgallant	To deprive of gallantry.
Disgarland	To strip of a garland.
Disgarnish	To divest of garniture; to disfurnish; to dismantle.
Disgarrison	To deprive of a garrison.
Disgaveled	of Disgavel
Disgaveled	of Disgavel
Disgaveling	of Disgavel
Disgavel	To deprive of that principal quality of gavelkind tenure by which lands descend equally among all the sons of the tenant; -- said of lands.
Disgest	To digest.
Disgestion	Digestion.
Disglorified	of Disglorify
Disglorifying	of Disglorify
Disglorify	To deprive of glory; to treat with indignity.
Disglory	Dishonor.
Disgorged	of Disgorge
Disgorging	of Disgorge
Disgorge	To eject or discharge by the throat and mouth; to vomit; to pour forth or throw out with violence, as if from the mouth; to discharge violently or in great quantities from a confined place.
Disgorge	To give up unwillingly as what one has wrongfully seized and appropriated; to make restitution of; to surrender; as, he was compelled to disgorge his ill-gotten gains.
Disgorge	To vomit forth what anything contains; to discharge; to make restitution.
Disgorgement	The act of disgorging; a vomiting; that which is disgorged.
Disgospel	To be inconsistent with, or act contrary to, the precepts of the gospel; to pervert the gospel.
Disgrace	The condition of being out of favor; loss of favor, regard, or respect.
Disgrace	The state of being dishonored, or covered with shame; dishonor; shame; ignominy.
Disgrace	That which brings dishonor; cause of shame or reproach; great discredit; as, vice is a disgrace to a rational being.
Disgrace	An act of unkindness; a disfavor.
Disgraced	of Disgrace
Disgracing	of Disgrace
Disgrace	To put out favor; to dismiss with dishonor.
Disgrace	To do disfavor to; to bring reproach or shame upon; to dishonor; to treat or cover with ignominy; to lower in estimation.
Disgrace	To treat discourteously; to upbraid; to revile.
Disgraceful	Bringing disgrace; causing shame; shameful; dishonorable; unbecoming; as, profaneness is disgraceful to a man.
Disgracer	One who disgraces.
Disgracious	Wanting grace; unpleasing; disagreeable.
Disgracive	Disgracing.
Disgradation	Degradation; a stripping of titles and honors.
Disgrade	To degrade.
Disgraduate	To degrade; to reduce in rank.
Disgregate	To disperse; to scatter; -- opposite of congregate.
Disgregation	The process of separation, or the condition of being separate, as of the molecules of a body.
Disgruntle	To dissatisfy; to disaffect; to anger.
Disguised	of Disguise
Disguising	of Disguise
Disguise	To change the guise or appearance of; especially, to conceal by an unusual dress, or one intended to mislead or deceive.
Disguise	To hide by a counterfeit appearance; to cloak by a false show; to mask; as, to disguise anger; to disguise one's sentiments, character, or intentions.
Disguise	To affect or change by liquor; to intoxicate.
Disguise	A dress or exterior put on for purposes of concealment or of deception; as, persons doing unlawful acts in disguise are subject to heavy penalties.
Disguise	Artificial language or manner assumed for deception; false appearance; counterfeit semblance or show.
Disguise	Change of manner by drink; intoxication.
Disguise	A masque or masquerade.
Disguisedfy	In disguise.
Disguisedness	The state of being disguised.
Disguisement	Disguise.
Disguiser	One who, or that which, disguises.
Disguiser	One who wears a disguise; an actor in a masquerade; a masker.
Disguising	A masque or masquerade.
Disgusted	of Disgust
Disgusting	of Disgust
Disgust	To provoke disgust or strong distaste in; to cause (any one) loathing, as of the stomach; to excite aversion in; to offend the moral taste of; -- often with at, with, or by.
Disgust	Repugnance to what is offensive; aversion or displeasure produced by something loathsome; loathing; strong distaste; -- said primarily of the sickening opposition felt for anything which offends the physical organs of taste; now rather of the analogous repugnance excited by anything extremely unpleasant to the moral taste or higher sensibilities of our nature; as, an act of cruelty may excite disgust.
Disgustful	Provoking disgust; offensive to the taste; exciting aversion; disgusting.
Disgustfulness	The state of being disgustful.
Disgusting	That causes disgust; sickening; offensive; revolting.
Dish	A vessel, as a platter, a plate, a bowl, used for serving up food at the table.
Dish	The food served in a dish; hence, any particular kind of food; as, a cold dish; a warm dish; a delicious dish. "A dish fit for the gods."
Dish	The state of being concave, or like a dish, or the degree of such concavity; as, the dish of a wheel.
Dish	A hollow place, as in a field.
Dish	A trough about 28 inches long, 4 deep, and 6 wide, in which ore is measured.
Dish	That portion of the produce of a mine which is paid to the land owner or proprietor.
Dished	of Dish
Dishing	of Dish
Dish	To put in a dish, ready for the table.
Dish	To make concave, or depress in the middle, like a dish; as, to dish a wheel by inclining the spokes.
Dish	To frustrate; to beat; to ruin.
Dishabilitate	To disqualify.
Dishabille	An undress; a loose, negligent dress; deshabille.
Dishabit	To dislodge.
Dishabited	Rendered uninhabited.
Dishabituate	To render unaccustomed.
Dishable	To disable.
Dishable	To disparage.
Dishallow	To make unholy; to profane.
Disharmonious	Unharmonious; discordant.
Disharmony	Want of harmony; discord; incongruity.
Dishaunt	To leave; to quit; to cease to haunt.
Dishcloth	A cloth used for washing dishes.
Dishclout	A dishcloth.
Disheart	To dishearten.
Disheartened	of Dishearten
Disheartening	of Dishearten
Dishearten	To discourage; to deprive of courage and hope; to depress the spirits of; to deject.
Disheartenment	Discouragement; dejection; depression of spirits.
Disheir	To disinherit.
Dishelm	To deprive of the helmet.
Disherison	The act of disheriting, or debarring from inheritance; disinhersion.
Disherited	of Disherit
Disheriting	of Disherit
Disherit	To disinherit; to cut off, or detain, from the possession or enjoyment of an inheritance.
Disheritance	The act of disinheriting or state of being disinherited; disinheritance.
Disheritor	One who puts another out of his inheritance.
Disheveled	of Dishevel
Dishevelled	of Dishevel
Disheveling	of Dishevel
Dishevelling	of Dishevel
Dishevel	To suffer (the hair) to hang loosely or disorderly; to spread or throw (the hair) in disorder; -- used chiefly in the passive participle.
Dishevel	To spread loosely or disorderly.
Dishevel	To be spread in disorder or hang negligently, as the hair.
Dishevele	Disheveled.
Disheveled	Having in loose disorder; disarranged; as, disheveled hair.
Disheveled	Having the hair in loose disorder.
Dishfuls	of Dishful
Dishful	As much as a dish holds when full.
Dishing	Dish-shaped; concave.
Dishonest	Dishonorable; shameful; indecent; unchaste; lewd.
Dishonest	Dishonored; disgraced; disfigured.
Dishonest	Wanting in honesty; void of integrity; faithless; disposed to cheat or defraud; not trustworthy; as, a dishonest man.
Dishonest	Characterized by fraud; indicating a want of probity; knavish; fraudulent; unjust.
Dishonest	To disgrace; to dishonor; as, to dishonest a maid.
Dishonestly	In a dishonest manner.
Dishonesty	Dishonor; dishonorableness; shame.
Dishonesty	Want of honesty, probity, or integrity in principle; want of fairness and straightforwardness; a disposition to defraud, deceive, or betray; faithlessness.
Dishonesty	Violation of trust or of justice; fraud; any deviation from probity; a dishonest act.
Dishonesty	Lewdness; unchastity.
Dishonor	Lack of honor; disgrace; ignominy; shame; reproach.
Dishonor	The nonpayment or nonacceptance of commercial paper by the party on whom it is drawn.
Dishonored	of Dishonor
Dishonoring	of Dishonor
Dishonor	To deprive of honor; to disgrace; to bring reproach or shame on; to treat with indignity, or as unworthy in the sight of others; to stain the character of; to lessen the reputation of; as, the duelist dishonors himself to maintain his honor.
Dishonor	To violate the chastity of; to debauch.
Dishonor	To refuse or decline to accept or pay; -- said of a bill, check, note, or draft which is due or presented; as, to dishonor a bill exchange.
Dishonorable	Wanting in honor; not honorable; bringing or deserving dishonor; staining the character, and lessening the reputation; shameful; disgraceful; base.
Dishonorable	Wanting in honor or esteem; disesteemed.
Dishonorary	Bringing dishonor on; tending to disgrace; lessening reputation.
Dishonorer	One who dishonors or disgraces; one who treats another indignity.
Dishorn	To deprive of horns; as, to dishorn cattle.
Dishorse	To dismount.
Dishouse	To deprive of house or home.
Dishumor	Ill humor.
Dishumor	To deprive of humor or desire; to put out of humor.
Dishwasher	One who, or that which, washes dishes.
Dishwasher	A European bird; the wagtail.
Dishwater	Water in which dishes have been washed.
Disillusion	The act or process of freeing from an illusion, or the state of being freed therefrom.
Disillusion	To free from an illusion; to disillusionize.
Disillusionize	To disenchant; to free from illusion.
Disillusionment	The act of freeing from an illusion, or the state of being freed therefrom.
Disimbitter	To free from bitterness.
Disimpark	To free from the barriers or restrictions of a park.
Disimpassioned	Free from warmth of passion or feeling.
Disimprove	To make worse; -- the opposite of improve.
Disimprove	To grow worse; to deteriorate.
Disimprovement	Reduction from a better to a worse state; as, disimprovement of the earth.
Disincarcerate	To liberate from prison.
Disinclination	The state of being disinclined; want of propensity, desire, or affection; slight aversion or dislike; indisposition.
Disinclined	of Disincline
Disinclining	of Disincline
Disincline	To incline away the affections of; to excite a slight aversion in; to indispose; to make unwilling; to alienate.
Disinclose	To free from being inclosed.
Disincorporated	of Disincorporate
Disincorporating	of Disincorporate
Disincorporate	To deprive of corporate powers, rights, or privileges; to divest of the condition of a corporate body.
Disincorporate	To detach or separate from a corporation.
Disincorporate	Separated from, or not included in, a corporation; disincorporated.
Disincorporation	Deprivation of the rights and privileges of a corporation.
Disinfected	of Disinfect
Disinfecting	of Disinfect
Disinfect	To free from infectious or contagious matter; to destroy putrefaction; to purify; to make innocuous.
Disinfectant	That which disinfects; an agent for removing the causes of infection, as chlorine.
Disinfection	The act of disinfecting; purification from infecting matter.
Disinfector	One who, or that which, disinfects; an apparatus for applying disinfectants.
Disinflame	To divest of flame or ardor.
Disingenuity	Disingenuousness.
Disingenuous	Not noble; unbecoming true honor or dignity; mean; unworthy; as, disingenuous conduct or schemes.
Disingenuous	Not ingenuous; wanting in noble candor or frankness; not frank or open; uncandid; unworthily or meanly artful.
Disinhabited	Uninhabited.
Disinherison	Same as Disherison.
Disinherited	of Disinherit
Disinheriting	of Disinherit
Disinherit	To cut off from an inheritance or from hereditary succession; to prevent, as an heir, from coming into possession of any property or right, which, by law or custom, would devolve on him in the course of descent.
Disinherit	To deprive of heritage; to dispossess.
Disinheritance	The act of disinheriting, or the condition of being; disinherited; disherison.
Disinhume	To disinter.
Disinsure	To render insecure; to put in danger.
Disintegrable	Capable of being disintegrated, or reduced to fragments or powder.
Disintegrated	of Disintegrate
Disintegrating	of Disintegrate
Disintegrate	To separate into integrant parts; to reduce to fragments or to powder; to break up, or cause to fall to pieces, as a rock, by blows of a hammer, frost, rain, and other mechanical or atmospheric influences.
Disintegrate	To decompose into integrant parts; as, chalk rapidly disintegrates.
Disintegration	The process by which anything is disintegrated; the condition of anything which is disintegrated.
Disintegration	The wearing away or falling to pieces of rocks or strata, produced by atmospheric action, frost, ice, etc.
Disintegrator	A machine for grinding or pulverizing by percussion.
Disinterred	of Disinter
Disinterring	of Disinter
Disinter	To take out of the grave or tomb; to unbury; to exhume; to dig up.
Disinter	To bring out, as from a grave or hiding place; to bring from obscurity into view.
Disinteress	To deprive or rid of interest in, or regard for; to disengage.
Disinteressment	Disinterestedness; impartiality; fairness.
Disinterest	Disinterested.
Disinterest	What is contrary to interest or advantage; disadvantage.
Disinterest	Indifference to profit; want of regard to private advantage; disinterestedness.
Disinterest	To divest of interest or interested motives.
Disinterested	Not influenced by regard to personal interest or advantage; free from selfish motive; having no relation of interest or feeling; not biased or prejudiced; as, a disinterested decision or judge.
Disinterestedly	In a disinterested manner; without bias or prejudice.
Disinterestedness	The state or quality of being disinterested; impartiality.
Disinteresting	Uninteresting.
Disinterment	The act of disinterring, or taking out of the earth; exhumation.
Disinthralled	of Disinthrall
Disinthralling	of Disinthrall
Disinthrall	To free from thralldom; to disenthrall.
Disinthrallment	A releasing from thralldom or slavery; disenthrallment.
Disintricate	To disentangle.
Disinured	of Disinure
Disinuring	of Disinure
Disinure	To render unaccustomed or unfamiliar.
Disinvestiture	The act of depriving of investiture.
Disinvigorate	To enervate; to weaken.
Disinvolve	To uncover; to unfold or unroll; to disentangle.
Disjection	Destruction; dispersion.
Disjoined	of Disjoin
Disjoining	of Disjoin
Disjoin	To part; to disunite; to separate; to sunder.
Disjoin	To become separated; to part.
Disjoint	Disjointed; unconnected; -- opposed to conjoint.
Disjoint	Difficult situation; dilemma; strait.
Disjointed	of Disjoint
Disjointing	of Disjoint
Disjoint	To separate the joints of; to separate, as parts united by joints; to put out of joint; to force out of its socket; to dislocate; as, to disjoint limbs; to disjoint bones; to disjoint a fowl in carving.
Disjoint	To separate at junctures or joints; to break where parts are united; to break in pieces; as, disjointed columns; to disjoint and edifice.
Disjoint	To break the natural order and relations of; to make incoherent; as, a disjointed speech.
Disjoint	To fall in pieces.
Disjointed	Separated at the joints; disconnected; incoherent.
Disjointly	In a disjointed state.
Disjudication	Judgment; discrimination. See Dijudication.
Disjunct	Disjoined; separated.
Disjunct	Having the head, thorax, and abdomen separated by a deep constriction.
Disjuncttion	The act of disjoining; disunion; separation; a parting; as, the disjunction of soul and body.
Disjuncttion	A disjunctive proposition.
Disjunctive	Tending to disjoin; separating; disjoining.
Disjunctive	Pertaining to disjunct tetrachords.
Disjunctive	A disjunctive conjunction.
Disjunctive	A disjunctive proposition.
Disjunctively	In a disjunctive manner; separately.
Disjuncture	The act of disjoining, or state of being disjoined; separation.
Disk	A discus; a quoit.
Disk	A flat, circular plate; as, a disk of metal or paper.
Disk	The circular figure of a celestial body, as seen projected of the heavens.
Disk	A circular structure either in plants or animals; as, a blood disk; germinal disk, etc.
Disk	The whole surface of a leaf.
Disk	The central part of a radiate compound flower, as in sunflower.
Disk	A part of the receptacle enlarged or expanded under, or around, or even on top of, the pistil.
Disk	The anterior surface or oral area of coelenterate animals, as of sea anemones.
Disk	The lower side of the body of some invertebrates, especially when used for locomotion, when it is often called a creeping disk.
Disk	In owls, the space around the eyes.
Diskindness	Unkindness; disservice.
Diskless	Having no disk; appearing as a point and not expanded into a disk, as the image of a faint star in a telescope.
Dislade	To unlade.
Disleal	Disloyal; perfidious.
Disleave	To deprive of leaves.
Disliked	of Dislike
Disliking	of Dislike
Dislike	To regard with dislike or aversion; to disapprove; to disrelish.
Dislike	To awaken dislike in; to displease.
Dislike	A feeling of positive and usually permanent aversion to something unpleasant, uncongenial, or offensive; disapprobation; repugnance; displeasure; disfavor; -- the opposite of liking or fondness.
Dislike	Discord; dissension.
Dislikeful	Full of dislike; disaffected; malign; disagreeable.
Dislikelihood	The want of likelihood; improbability.
Disliken	To make unlike; to disguise.
Dislikeness	Unlikeness.
Disliker	One who dislikes or disrelishes.
Dislimb	To tear limb from limb; to dismember.
Dislimn	To efface, as a picture.
Dislink	To unlink; to disunite; to separate.
Dislive	To deprive of life.
Dislocated	of Dislocate
Dislocating	of Dislocate
Dislocate	To displace; to put out of its proper place. Especially, of a bone: To remove from its normal connections with a neighboring bone; to put out of joint; to move from its socket; to disjoint; as, to dislocate your bones.
Dislocate	Dislocated.
Dislocation	The act of displacing, or the state of being displaced.
Dislocation	The displacement of parts of rocks or portions of strata from the situation which they originally occupied. Slips, faults, and the like, are dislocations.
Dislocation	The act of dislocating, or putting out of joint; also, the condition of being thus displaced.
Dislodged	of Dislodge
Dislodging	of Dislodge
Dislodge	To drive from a lodge or place of rest; to remove from a place of quiet or repose; as, shells resting in the sea at a considerate depth are not dislodged by storms.
Dislodge	To drive out from a place of hiding or defense; as, to dislodge a deer, or an enemy.
Dislodge	To go from a place of rest.
Dislodge	Dwelling apart; separation.
Dislodgment	The act or process of dislodging, or the state of being dislodged.
Disloign	To put at a distance; to remove.
Disloyal	Not loyal; not true to a sovereign or lawful superior, or to the government under which one lives; false where allegiance is due; faithless; as, a subject disloyal to the king; a husband disloyal to his wife.
Disloyally	In a disloyal manner.
Disloyalty	Want of loyalty; lack of fidelity; violation of allegiance.
Dismail	To divest of coat of mail.
Dismal	Fatal; ill-omened; unlucky.
Dismal	Gloomy to the eye or ear; sorrowful and depressing to the feelings; foreboding; cheerless; dull; dreary; as, a dismal outlook; dismal stories; a dismal place.
Dismally	In a dismal manner; gloomily; sorrowfully; uncomfortably.
Dismalness	The quality of being dismal; gloominess.
Disman	To unman.
Dismantled	of Dismantle
Dismantling	of Dismantle
Dismantle	To strip or deprive of dress; to divest.
Dismantle	To strip of furniture and equipments, guns, etc.; to unrig; to strip of walls or outworks; to break down; as, to dismantle a fort, a town, or a ship.
Dismantle	To disable; to render useless.
Dismarch	To march away.
Dismarry	To free from the bonds of marriage; to divorce.
Dismarshal	To disarrange; to derange; to put in disorder.
Dismask	To divest of a mask.
Dismasted	of Dismast
Dismasting	of Dismast
Dismast	To deprive of a mast of masts; to break and carry away the masts from; as, a storm dismasted the ship.
Dismastment	The act of dismasting; the state of being dismasted.
Dismaw	To eject from the maw; to disgorge.
Dismayed	of Dismay
Dismaying	of Dismay
Dismay	To disable with alarm or apprehensions; to depress the spirits or courage of; to deprive or firmness and energy through fear; to daunt; to appall; to terrify.
Dismay	To render lifeless; to subdue; to disquiet.
Dismay	To take dismay or fright; to be filled with dismay.
Dismay	Loss of courage and firmness through fear; overwhelming and disabling terror; a sinking of the spirits; consternation.
Dismay	Condition fitted to dismay; ruin.
Dismayedness	A state of being dismayed; dejection of courage; dispiritedness.
Dismayful	Terrifying.
Disme	A tenth; a tenth part; a tithe.
Dismembered	of Dismember
Dismembering	of Dismember
Dismember	To tear limb from limb; to dilacerate; to disjoin member from member; to tear or cut in pieces; to break up.
Dismember	To deprive of membership.
Dismemberment	The act of dismembering, or the state of being dismembered; cutting in piece; m/tilation; division; separation.
Dismettled	Destitute of mettle, that is, or fire or spirit.
Dismissed	of Dismiss
Dismissing	of Dismiss
Dismiss	To send away; to give leave of departure; to cause or permit to go; to put away.
Dismiss	To discard; to remove or discharge from office, service, or employment; as, the king dismisses his ministers; the matter dismisses his servant.
Dismiss	To lay aside or reject as unworthy of attentions or regard, as a petition or motion in court.
Dismiss	Dismission.
Dismissal	Dismission; discharge.
Dismission	The act dismissing or sending away; permission to leave; leave to depart; dismissal; as, the dismission of the grand jury.
Dismission	Removal from office or employment; discharge, either with honor or with disgrace.
Dismission	Rejection; a setting aside as trivial, invalid, or unworthy of consideration.
Dismissive	Giving dismission.
Dismortaged	of Dismortgage
Dismortgaging	of Dismortgage
Dismortgage	To redeem from mortgage.
Dismounted	of Dismount
Dismounting	of Dismount
Dismount	To come down; to descend.
Dismount	To alight from a horse; to descend or get off, as a rider from his beast; as, the troops dismounted.
Dismount	To throw or bring down from an elevation, place of honor and authority, or the like.
Dismount	To throw or remove from a horse; to unhorse; as, the soldier dismounted his adversary.
Dismount	To take down, or apart, as a machine.
Dismount	To throw or remove from the carriage, or from that on which a thing is mounted; to break the carriage or wheels of, and render useless; to deprive of equipments or mountings; -- said esp. of artillery.
Disnaturalize	To make alien; to deprive of the privileges of birth.
Disnatured	Deprived or destitute of natural feelings; unnatural.
Disobedience	Neglect or refusal to obey; violation of a command or prohibition.
Disobediency	Disobedience.
Disobedient	Neglecting or refusing to obey; omitting to do what is commanded, or doing what is prohibited; refractory; not observant of duty or rules prescribed by authority; -- applied to persons and acts.
Disobedient	Not yielding.
Disobediently	In a disobedient manner.
Disobeisance	Disobedience.
Disobeisant	Disobedient.
Disobeyed	of Disobey
Disobeying	of Disobey
Disobey	Not to obey; to neglect or refuse to obey (a superior or his commands, the laws, etc.); to transgress the commands of (one in authority); to violate, as an order; as, refractory children disobey their parents; men disobey their Maker and the laws.
Disobey	To refuse or neglect to obey; to violate commands; to be disobedient.
Disobeyer	One who disobeys.
Disobligation	The act of disobliging.
Disobligation	A disobliging act; an offense.
Disobligation	Release from obligation.
Disobligatory	Releasing from obligation.
Disobliged	of Disoblige
Disobliging	of Disoblige
Disoblige	To do an act which contravenes the will or desires of; to offend by an act of unkindness or incivility; to displease; to refrain from obliging; to be unaccommodating to.
Disoblige	To release from obligation.
Disobligement	Release from obligation.
Disobliger	One who disobliges.
Disobliging	Not obliging; not disposed to do a favor; unaccommodating; as, a disobliging person or act.
Disobliging	Displeasing; offensive.
Disoccident	To turn away from the west; to throw out of reckoning as to longitude.
Disoccupation	The state of being unemployed; want of occupation.
Disopinion	Want or difference of belief; disbelief.
Disoppilate	To open.
Disorb	To throw out of the proper orbit; to unsphere.
Disord	Disorder.
Disordeined	Inordinate; irregular; vicious.
Disorder	Want of order or regular disposition; lack of arrangement; confusion; disarray; as, the troops were thrown into disorder; the papers are in disorder.
Disorder	Neglect of order or system; irregularity.
Disorder	Breach of public order; disturbance of the peace of society; tumult.
Disorder	Disturbance of the functions of the animal economy of the soul; sickness; derangement.
Disordered	of Disorder
Disordering	of Disorder
Disorder	To disturb the order of; to derange or disarrange; to throw into confusion; to confuse.
Disorder	To disturb or interrupt the regular and natural functions of (either body or mind); to produce sickness or indisposition in; to discompose; to derange; as, to disorder the head or stomach.
Disorder	To depose from holy orders.
Disordered	Thrown into disorder; deranged; as, a disordered house, judgment.
Disordered	Disorderly.
Disorderliness	The state of being disorderly.
Disorderly	Not in order; marked by disorder; disarranged; immethodical; as, the books and papers are in a disorderly state.
Disorderly	Not acting in an orderly way, as the functions of the body or mind.
Disorderly	Not complying with the restraints of order and law; tumultuous; unruly; lawless; turbulent; as, disorderly people; disorderly assemblies.
Disorderly	Offensive to good morals and public decency; notoriously offensive; as, a disorderly house.
Disorderly	In a disorderly manner; without law or order; irregularly; confusedly.
Disordinance	Disarrangement; disturbance.
Disordinate	Inordinate; disorderly.
Disordinately	Inordinately.
Disordination	The state of being in disorder; derangement; confusion.
Disorganization	The act of disorganizing; destruction of system.
Disorganization	The state of being disorganized; as, the disorganization of the body, or of government.
Disorganized	of Disorganize
Disorganizing	of Disorganize
Disorganize	To destroy the organic structure or regular system of (a government, a society, a party, etc.); to break up (what is organized); to throw into utter disorder; to disarrange.
Disorganizer	One who disorganizes or causes disorder and confusion.
Disorient	To turn away from the cast; to confuse as to which way is east; to cause to lose one's bearings.
Disorientate	To turn away from the east, or (figuratively) from the right or the truth.
Disowned	of Disown
Disowning	of Disown
Disown	To refuse to own or acknowledge as belonging to one's self; to disavow or deny, as connected with one's self personally; as, a parent can hardly disown his child; an author will sometimes disown his writings.
Disown	To refuse to acknowledge or allow; to deny.
Disownment	Act of disowning.
Disoxidate	To deoxidate; to deoxidize.
Disoxidation	Deoxidation.
Disoxygenate	To deprive of oxygen; to deoxidize.
Disoxygenation	Deoxidation.
Dispace	To roam.
Dispair	To separate (a pair).
Dispand	To spread out; to expand.
Dispansion	Act of dispanding, or state of being dispanded.
Disparadised	Removed from paradise.
Disparaged	of Disparage
Disparaging	of Disparage
Disparage	To match unequally; to degrade or dishonor by an unequal marriage.
Disparage	To dishonor by a comparison with what is inferior; to lower in rank or estimation by actions or words; to speak slightingly of; to depreciate; to undervalue.
Disparage	Inequality in marriage; marriage with an inferior.
Disparagement	Matching any one in marriage under his or her degree; injurious union with something of inferior excellence; a lowering in rank or estimation.
Disparagement	Injurious comparison with an inferior; a depreciating or dishonoring opinion or insinuation; diminution of value; dishonor; indignity; reproach; disgrace; detraction; -- commonly with to.
Disparager	One who disparages or dishonors; one who vilifies or disgraces.
Disparagingly	In a manner to disparage or dishonor; slightingly.
Disparate	Unequal; dissimilar; separate.
Disparate	Pertaining to two coordinate species or divisions.
Disparates	Things so unequal or unlike that they can not be compared with each other.
Disparition	Act of disappearing; disappearance.
Disparities	of Disparity
Disparity	Inequality; difference in age, rank, condition, or excellence; dissimilitude; -- followed by between, in, of, as to, etc.; as, disparity in, or of, years; a disparity as to color.
Dispark	To throw (a park or inclosure); to treat (a private park) as a common.
Dispark	To set at large; to release from inclosure.
Disparkle	To scatter abroad.
Disparted	of Dispart
Disparting	of Dispart
Dispart	To part asunder; to divide; to separate; to sever; to rend; to rive or split; as, disparted air; disparted towers.
Dispart	To separate, to open; to cleave.
Dispart	The difference between the thickness of the metal at the mouth and at the breech of a piece of ordnance.
Dispart	A piece of metal placed on the muzzle, or near the trunnions, on the top of a piece of ordnance, to make the line of sight parallel to the axis of the bore; -- called also dispart sight, and muzzle sight.
Dispart	To make allowance for the dispart in (a gun), when taking aim.
Dispart	To furnish with a dispart sight.
Dispassion	Freedom from passion; an undisturbed state; apathy.
Dispassionate	Free from passion; not warped, prejudiced, swerved, or carried away by passion or feeling; judicial; calm; composed.
Dispassionate	Not dictated by passion; not proceeding from temper or bias; impartial; as, dispassionate proceedings; a dispassionate view.
Dispassioned	Free from passion; dispassionate.
Dispatched	of Dispatch
Dispatching	of Dispatch
Dispatch	To dispose of speedily, as business; to execute quickly; to make a speedy end of; to finish; to perform.
Dispatch	To rid; to free.
Dispatch	To get rid of by sending off; to send away hastily.
Dispatch	To send off or away; -- particularly applied to sending off messengers, messages, letters, etc., on special business, and implying haste.
Dispatch	To send out of the world; to put to death.
Dispatch	To make haste; to conclude an affair; to finish a matter of business.
Dispatch	The act of sending a message or messenger in haste or on important business.
Dispatch	Any sending away; dismissal; riddance.
Dispatch	The finishing up of a business; speedy performance, as of business; prompt execution; diligence; haste.
Dispatch	A message dispatched or sent with speed; especially, an important official letter sent from one public officer to another; -- often used in the plural; as, a messenger has arrived with dispatches for the American minister; naval or military dispatches.
Dispatch	A message transmitted by telegraph.
Dispatcher	One who dispatches.
Dispatchful	Bent on haste; intent on speedy execution of business or any task; indicating haste; quick; as, dispatchful looks.
Dispatchment	The act of dispatching.
Dispathies	of Dispathy
Dispathy	Lack of sympathy; want of passion; apathy.
Dispauper	To deprive of the claim of a pauper to public support; to deprive of the privilege of suing in forma pauperis.
Dispauperize	To free a state of pauperism, or from paupers.
Dispeed	To send off with speed; to dispatch.
Dispelled	of Dispel
Dispelling	of Dispel
Dispel	To drive away by scattering, or so to cause to vanish; to clear away; to banish; to dissipate; as, to dispel a cloud, vapors, cares, doubts, illusions.
Dispence	See Dispense.
Dispend	To spend; to lay out; to expend.
Dispender	One who dispends or expends; a steward.
Dispensable	Capable of being dispensed or administered.
Dispensable	Capable of being dispensed with.
Dispensableness	Quality of being dispensable.
Dispensaries	of Dispensary
Dispensary	A place where medicines are prepared and dispensed; esp., a place where the poor can obtain medical advice and medicines gratuitously or at a nominal price.
Dispensary	A dispensatory.
Dispensation	The act of dispensing or dealing out; distribution; often used of the distribution of good and evil by God to man, or more generically, of the acts and modes of his administration.
Dispensation	That which is dispensed, dealt out, or appointed; that which is enjoined or bestowed
Dispensation	A system of principles, promises, and rules ordained and administered; scheme; economy; as, the Patriarchal, Mosaic, and Christian dispensations.
Dispensation	The relaxation of a law in a particular case; permission to do something forbidden, or to omit doing something enjoined; specifically, in the Roman Catholic Church, exemption from some ecclesiastical law or obligation to God which a man has incurred of his own free will (oaths, vows, etc.).
Dispensative	Granting dispensation.
Dispensatively	By dispensation.
Dispensator	A distributer; a dispenser.
Dispensatorily	In the way of dispensation; dispensatively.
Dispensatory	Granting, or authorized to grant, dispensations.
Dispensatories	of Dispensatory
Dispensatory	A book or medicinal formulary containing a systematic description of drugs, and of preparations made from them. It is usually, but not always, distinguished from a pharmacop/ia in that it issued by private parties, and not by an official body or by government.
Dispensed	of Dispense
Dispensing	of Dispense
Dispense	To deal out in portions; to distribute; to give; as, the steward dispenses provisions according directions; Nature dispenses her bounties; to dispense medicines.
Dispense	To apply, as laws to particular cases; to administer; to execute; to manage; to direct.
Dispense	To pay for; to atone for.
Dispense	To exempt; to excuse; to absolve; -- with from.
Dispense	To compensate; to make up; to make amends.
Dispense	To give dispensation.
Dispense	Dispensation; exemption.
Dispense	Expense; profusion; outlay.
Dispenser	One who, or that which, dispenses; a distributer; as, a dispenser of favors.
Dispeopled	of Dispeople
Dispeopling	of Dispeople
Dispeople	To deprive of inhabitants; to depopulate.
Dispeopler	One who, or that which, dispeoples; a depopulator.
Disperge	To sprinkle.
Disspermous	Containing only two seeds; two-seeded.
Disperple	To scatter; to sprinkle.
Dispersal	The act or result of dispersing or scattering; dispersion.
Dispersed	of Disperse
Dispersing	of Disperse
Disperse	To scatter abroad; to drive to different parts; to distribute; to diffuse; to spread; as, the Jews are dispersed among all nations.
Disperse	To scatter, so as to cause to vanish; to dissipate; as, to disperse vapors.
Disperse	To separate; to go or move into different parts; to vanish; as, the company dispersed at ten o'clock; the clouds disperse.
Disperse	To distribute wealth; to share one's abundance with others.
Dispersed	Scattered.
Disperseness	Dispersedness.
Disperser	One that disperses.
Dispersion	The act or process of scattering or dispersing, or the state of being scattered or separated; as, the Jews in their dispersion retained their rites and ceremonies; a great dispersion of the human family took place at the building of Babel.
Dispersion	The separation of light into its different colored rays, arising from their different refrangibilities.
Dispersive	Tending to disperse.
Disperson'ate	To deprive of personality or individuality.
Dispirited	of Dispirit
Dispiriting	of Dispirit
Dispirit	To deprive of cheerful spirits; to depress the spirits of; to dishearten; to discourage.
Dispirit	To distill or infuse the spirit of.
Dispirited	Depressed in spirits; disheartened; daunted.
Dispiritment	Depression of spirits; discouragement.
Dispiteous	Full of despite; cruel; spiteful; pitiless.
Displaced	of Displace
Displacing	of Displace
Displace	To change the place of; to remove from the usual or proper place; to put out of place; to place in another situation; as, the books in the library are all displaced.
Displace	To crowd out; to take the place of.
Displace	To remove from a state, office, dignity, or employment; to discharge; to depose; as, to displace an officer of the revenue.
Displace	To dislodge; to drive away; to banish.
Displaceable	Capable of being displaced.
Displacement	The act of displacing, or the state of being displaced; a putting out of place.
Displacement	The quantity of anything, as water, displaced by a floating body, as by a ship, the weight of the displaced liquid being equal to that of the displacing body.
Displacement	The process of extracting soluble substances from organic material and the like, whereby a quantity of saturated solvent is displaced, or removed, for another quantity of the solvent.
Displacency	Want of complacency or gratification; envious displeasure; dislike.
Displacer	One that displaces.
Displacer	The funnel part of the apparatus for solution by displacement.
Di/planted	of Displant
Displanting	of Displant
Displant	To remove (what is planted or fixed); to unsettle and take away; to displace; to root out; as, to displant inhabitants.
Displant	To strip of what is planted or settled; as, to displant a country of inhabitants.
Displantation	The act of displanting; removal; displacement.
Displat	To untwist; to uncurl; to unplat.
Displayed	of Display
Displaying	of Display
Display	To unfold; to spread wide; to expand; to stretch out; to spread.
Display	To extend the front of (a column), bringing it into line.
Display	To spread before the view; to show; to exhibit to the sight, or to the mind; to make manifest.
Display	To make an exhibition of; to set in view conspicuously or ostentatiously; to exhibit for the sake of publicity; to parade.
Display	To make conspicuous by large or prominent type.
Display	To discover; to descry.
Display	To make a display; to act as one making a show or demonstration.
Display	An opening or unfolding; exhibition; manifestation.
Display	Ostentatious show; exhibition for effect; parade.
Displayed	Unfolded; expanded; exhibited conspicuously or ostentatiously.
Displayed	With wings expanded; -- said of a bird of pray, esp. an eagle.
Displayed	Set with lines of prominent type interspersed, to catch the eye.
Displayer	One who, or that which, displays.
Disple	To discipline; to correct.
Displeasance	Displeasure; discontent; annoyance.
Displeasant	Unpleasing; offensive; unpleasant.
Displeased	of Displease
Displeasing	of Displease
Displease	To make not pleased; to excite a feeling of disapprobation or dislike in; to be disagreeable to; to offend; to vex; -- often followed by with or at. It usually expresses less than to anger, vex, irritate, or provoke.
Displease	To fail to satisfy; to miss of.
Displease	To give displeasure or offense.
Displeasedly	With displeasure.
Displeasedness	Displeasure.
Displeaser	One who displeases.
Displeasing	Causing displeasure or dissatisfaction; offensive; disagreeable.
Displeasure	The feeling of one who is displeased; irritation or uneasiness of the mind, occasioned by anything that counteracts desire or command, or which opposes justice or a sense of propriety; disapprobation; dislike; dissatisfaction; disfavor; indignation.
Displeasure	That which displeases; cause of irritation or annoyance; offense; injury.
Displeasure	State of disgrace or disfavor; disfavor.
Displeasure	To displease.
Displenish	To deprive or strip, as a house of furniture, or a barn of stock.
Displicence	Alt. of Displicency
Displicency	Dislike; dissatisfaction; discontent.
Disploded	of Displode
Disploding	of Displode
Displode	To discharge; to explode.
Displode	To burst with a loud report; to explode.
Displosion	Explosion.
Displosive	Explosive.
Displumed	of Displume
Displuming	of Displume
Displume	To strip of, or as of, a plume, or plumes; to deprive of decoration; to dishonor; to degrade.
Dispoline	One of several isomeric organic bases of the quinoline series of alkaloids.
Dispond	See Despond.
Dispondee	A double spondee; a foot consisting of four long syllables.
Dispone	To dispose.
Dispone	To dispose of.
Dispone	To make over, or convey, legally.
Disponee	The person to whom any property is legally conveyed.
Disponer	One who legally transfers property from himself to another.
Disponge	To sprinkle, as with water from a sponge.
Dispope	To refuse to consider as pope; to depose from the popedom.
Disporous	Having two spores.
Disport	Play; sport; pastime; diversion; playfulness.
Disported	of Disport
Disporting	of Disport
Disport	To play; to wanton; to move in gayety; to move lightly and without restraint; to amuse one's self.
Disport	To divert or amuse; to make merry.
Disport	To remove from a port; to carry away.
Disportment	Act of disporting; diversion; play.
Disposable	Subject to disposal; free to be used or employed as occasion may require; not assigned to any service or use.
Disposal	The act of disposing, or disposing of, anything; arrangement; orderly distribution; a putting in order; as, the disposal of the troops in two lines.
Disposal	Ordering; regulation; adjustment; management; government; direction.
Disposal	Regulation of the fate, condition, application, etc., of anything; the transference of anything into new hands, a new place, condition, etc.; alienation, or parting; as, a disposal of property.
Disposal	Power or authority to dispose of, determine the condition of, control, etc., especially in the phrase at, or in, the disposal of.
Disposed	of Dispose
Disposing	of Dispose
Dispose	To distribute and put in place; to arrange; to set in order; as, to dispose the ships in the form of a crescent.
Dispose	To regulate; to adjust; to settle; to determine.
Dispose	To deal out; to assign to a use; to bestow for an object or purpose; to apply; to employ; to dispose of.
Dispose	To give a tendency or inclination to; to adapt; to cause to turn; especially, to incline the mind of; to give a bent or propension to; to incline; to make inclined; -- usually followed by to, sometimes by for before the indirect object.
Dispose	To exercise finally one's power of control over; to pass over into the control of some one else, as by selling; to alienate; to part with; to relinquish; to get rid of; as, to dispose of a house; to dispose of one's time.
Dispose	To bargain; to make terms.
Dispose	Disposal; ordering; management; power or right of control.
Dispose	Cast of mind; disposition; inclination; behavior; demeanor.
Disposed	Inclined; minded.
Disposed	Inclined to mirth; jolly.
Disposedness	The state of being disposed or inclined; inclination; propensity.
Disposement	Disposal.
Disposer	One who, or that which, disposes; a regulator; a director; a bestower.
Disposingly	In a manner to dispose.
Disposited	Disposed.
Disposition	The act of disposing, arranging, ordering, regulating, or transferring; application; disposal; as, the disposition of a man's property by will.
Disposition	The state or the manner of being disposed or arranged; distribution; arrangement; order; as, the disposition of the trees in an orchard; the disposition of the several parts of an edifice.
Disposition	Tendency to any action or state resulting from natural constitution; nature; quality; as, a disposition in plants to grow in a direction upward; a disposition in bodies to putrefaction.
Disposition	Conscious inclination; propension or propensity.
Disposition	Natural or prevailing spirit, or temperament of mind, especially as shown in intercourse with one's fellow-men; temper of mind.
Disposition	Mood; humor.
Dispositional	Pertaining to disposition.
Dispositioned	Having (such) a disposition; -- used in compounds; as, well-dispositioned.
Dispositive	Disposing; tending to regulate; decretive.
Dispositive	Belonging to disposition or natural, tendency.
Dispositively	In a dispositive manner; by natural or moral disposition.
Dispositor	A disposer.
Dispositor	The planet which is lord of the sign where another planet is.
Dispossessed	of Dispossess
Dispossessing	of Dispossess
Dispossess	To put out of possession; to deprive of the actual occupancy of, particularly of land or real estate; to disseize; to eject; -- usually followed by of before the thing taken away; as, to dispossess a king of his crown.
Dispossession	The act of putting out of possession; the state of being dispossessed.
Dispossession	The putting out of possession, wrongfully or otherwise, of one who is in possession of a freehold, no matter in what title; -- called also ouster.
Dispossessor	One who dispossesses.
Dispost	To eject from a post; to displace.
Disposure	The act of disposing; power to dispose of; disposal; direction.
Disposure	Disposition; arrangement; position; posture.
Dispraisable	Blamable.
Dispraised	of Dispraise
Dispraising	of Dispraise
Dispraise	To withdraw praise from; to notice with disapprobation or some degree of censure; to disparage; to blame.
Dispraise	The act of dispraising; detraction; blame censure; reproach; disparagement.
Dispraiser	One who blames or dispraises.
Dispraisingly	By way of dispraise.
Dispread	To spread abroad, or different ways; to spread apart; to open; as, the sun dispreads his beams.
Dispread	To extend or expand itself.
Dispreader	One who spreads abroad.
Disprejudice	To free from prejudice.
Disprepare	To render unprepared.
Disprince	To make unlike a prince.
Disprison	To let loose from prison, to set at liberty.
Disprivilege	To deprive of a privilege or privileges.
Disprize	To depreciate.
Disprofess	To renounce the profession or pursuit of.
Disprofit	Loss; damage.
Disprofit	To be, or to cause to be, without profit or benefit.
Disprofitable	Unprofitable.
Disproof	A proving to be false or erroneous; confutation; refutation; as, to offer evidence in disproof of a statement.
Disproperty	To cause to be no longer property; to dispossess of.
Disproportion	Want of proportion in form or quantity; lack of symmetry; as, the arm may be in disproportion to the body; the disproportion of the length of a building to its height.
Disproportion	Want of suitableness, adequacy, or due proportion to an end or use; unsuitableness; disparity; as, the disproportion of strength or means to an object.
Disproportioned	of Disproportion
Disproportioning	of Disproportion
Disproportion	To make unsuitable in quantity, form, or fitness to an end; to violate symmetry in; to mismatch; to join unfitly.
Disproportionable	Disproportional; unsuitable in form, size, quantity, or adaptation; disproportionate; inadequate.
Disproportional	Not having due proportion to something else; not having proportion or symmetry of parts; unsuitable in form, quantity or value; inadequate; unequal; as, a disproportional limb constitutes deformity in the body; the studies of youth should not be disproportional to their understanding.
Disproportionality	The state of being disproportional.
Disproportionally	In a disproportional manner; unsuitably in form, quantity, or value; unequally.
Disproportionate	Not proportioned; unsymmetrical; unsuitable to something else in bulk, form, value, or extent; out of proportion; inadequate; as, in a perfect body none of the limbs are disproportionate; it is wisdom not to undertake a work disproportionate means.
Dispropriate	To cancel the appropriation of; to disappropriate.
Disprovable	Capable of being disproved or refuted.
Disproval	Act of disproving; disproof.
Disproved	of Disprove
Disproving	of Disprove
Disprove	To prove to be false or erroneous; to confute; to refute.
Disprove	To disallow; to disapprove of.
Disprover	One who disproves or confutes.
Disprovide	Not to provide; to fail to provide.
Dispunct	Wanting in punctilious respect; discourteous.
Dispunct	To expunge.
Dispunge	To expunge; to erase.
Dispunge	See Disponge.
Dispunishable	Without penal restraint; not punishable.
Dispurpose	To dissuade; to frustrate; as, to dispurpose plots.
Dispurse	To disburse.
Dispurvey	To disfurnish; to strip.
Dispurveyance	Want of provisions; /ack of food.
Disputable	Capable of being disputed; liable to be called in question, controverted, or contested; or doubtful certainty or propriety; controvertible; as, disputable opinions, propositions, points, or questions.
Disputable	Disputatious; contentious.
Disputableness	State of being disputable.
Disputacity	Proneness to dispute.
Disputant	Disputing; engaged in controversy.
Disputant	One who disputes; one who argues // opposition to another; one appointed to dispute; a controvertist; a reasoner in opposition.
Disputation	The act of disputing; a reasoning or argumentation in opposition to something, or on opposite sides; controversy in words; verbal contest respecting the truth of some fact, opinion, proposition, or argument.
Disputation	A rhetorical exercise in which parties reason in opposition to each other on some question proposed.
Disputatious	Inclined to dispute; apt to civil or controvert; characterized by dispute; as, a disputatious person or temper.
Disputative	Disposed to dispute; inclined to cavil or to reason in opposition; as, a disputative temper.
Disputed	of Dispute
Disputing	of Dispute
Dispute	To contend in argument; to argue against something maintained, upheld, or claimed, by another; to discuss; to reason; to debate; to altercate; to wrangle.
Dispute	To make a subject of disputation; to argue pro and con; to discuss.
Dispute	To oppose by argument or assertion; to attempt to overthrow; to controvert; to express dissent or opposition to; to call in question; to deny the truth or validity of; as, to dispute assertions or arguments.
Dispute	To strive or contend about; to contest.
Dispute	To struggle against; to resist.
Dispute	Verbal controversy; contest by opposing argument or expression of opposing views or claims; controversial discussion; altercation; debate.
Dispute	Contest; struggle; quarrel.
Disputeless	Admitting no dispute; incontrovertible.
Disputer	One who disputes, or who is given to disputes; a controvertist.
Disputison	Dispute; discussion.
Disqualification	The act of disqualifying, or state of being disqualified; want of qualification; incompetency; disability; as, the disqualification of men for holding certain offices.
Disqualification	That which disqualifies; that which incapacitates or makes unfit; as, conviction of crime is a disqualification of a person for office; sickness is a disqualification for labor.
Disqualified	of Disqualify
Disqualifying	of Disqualify
Disqualify	To deprive of the qualities or properties necessary for any purpose; to render unfit; to incapacitate; -- with for or from before the purpose, state, or act.
Disqualify	To deprive of some power, right, or privilege, by positive restriction; to disable; to debar legally; as, a conviction of perjury disqualifies a man to be a witness.
Disquantity	To diminish the quantity of; to lessen.
Disquiet	Deprived of quiet; impatient; restless; uneasy.
Disquiet	Want of quiet; want of tranquility in body or mind; uneasiness; restlessness; disturbance; anxiety.
Disquieted	of Disquiet
Disquieting	of Disquiet
Disquiet	To render unquiet; to deprive of peace, rest, or tranquility; to make uneasy or restless; to disturb.
Disquietal	The act of disquieting; a state of disquiet.
Disquieter	One who, or that which, disquiets, or makes uneasy; a disturber.
Disquietful	Producing inquietude or uneasiness.
Disquietive	Tending to disquiet.
Disquietly	In a disquiet manner; uneasily; as, he rested disquietly that night.
Disquietment	State of being disquieted; uneasiness; harassment.
Disquietness	Disturbance of quiet in body or mind; restlessness; uneasiness.
Disquietous	Causing uneasiness.
Disquiettude	Want of peace or tranquility; uneasiness; disturbance; agitation; anxiety.
Disquisition	A formal or systematic inquiry into, or discussion of, any subject; a full examination or investigation of a matter, with the arguments and facts bearing upon it; elaborate essay; dissertation.
Disquisitional	Pertaining to disquisition; of the nature of disquisition.
Disquisitionary	Pertaining to disquisition; disquisitional.
Disquisitive	Relating to disquisition; fond discussion or investigation; examining; inquisitive.
Disquisitorial	Disquisitory.
Disquisitory	Of or pertaining to disquisition; disquisitive.
Disrange	To disarrange.
Disrank	To degrade from rank.
Disrank	To throw out of rank or into confusion.
Disrate	To reduce to a lower rating or rank; to degrade.
Disray	of Disarray.
Disrealize	To divest of reality; to make uncertain.
Disregarded	of Disregard
Disregarding	of Disregard
Disregard	Not to regard; to pay no heed to; to omit to take notice of; to neglect to observe; to slight as unworthy of regard or notice; as, to disregard the admonitions of conscience.
Disregard	The act of disregarding, or the state of being disregarded; intentional neglect; omission of notice; want of attention; slight.
Disregarder	One who disregards.
Disregardful	Neglect; negligent; heedless; regardless.
Disregardfully	Negligently; heedlessly.
Disrelish	Want of relish; dislike (of the palate or of the mind); distaste; a slight degree of disgust; as, a disrelish for some kinds of food.
Disrelish	Absence of relishing or palatable quality; bad taste; nauseousness.
Disrelished	of Disrelish
Disrelishing	of Disrelish
Disrelish	Not to relish; to regard as unpalatable or offensive; to feel a degree of disgust at.
Disrelish	To deprive of relish; to make nauseous or disgusting in a slight degree.
Disremember	To fail to remember; to forget.
Disrepair	A state of being in bad condition, and wanting repair.
Disreputability	The state of being disreputable.
Disreputable	Not reputable; of bad repute; not in esteem; dishonorable; disgracing the reputation; tending to bring into disesteem; as, it is disreputable to associate familiarly with the mean, the lewd, and the profane.
Disreputably	In a disreputable manner.
Disreputation	Loss or want of reputation or good name; dishonor; disrepute; disesteem.
Disrepute	Loss or want of reputation; ill character; disesteem; discredit.
Disrepute	To bring into disreputation; to hold in dishonor.
Disrespect	Want of respect or reverence; disesteem; incivility; discourtesy.
Disrespect	To show disrespect to.
Disrespectability	Want of respectability.
Disrespectable	Not respectable; disreputable.
Disrespecter	One who disrespects.
Disrespectful	Wanting in respect; manifesting disesteem or lack of respect; uncivil; as, disrespectful behavior.
Disrespective	Showing want of respect; disrespectful.
Disreverence	To treat irreverently or with disrespect.
Disrobed	of Disrobe
Disrobing	of Disrobe
Disrobe	To divest of a robe; to undress; figuratively, to strip of covering; to divest of that which clothes or decorates; as, autumn disrobes the fields of verdure.
Disrober	One who, or that which, disrobes.
Disroof	To unroof.
Disrooted	of Disroot
Disrooting	of Disroot
Disroot	To tear up the roots of, or by the roots; hence, to tear from a foundation; to uproot.
Disrout	To put to rout.
Disrudder	To deprive of the rudder, as a ship.
Disrulily	In a disorderly manner.
Disruly	Unruly; disorderly.
Disrupt	Rent off; torn asunder; severed; disrupted.
Disrupted	of Disrupt
Disrupting	of Disrupt
Disrupt	To break asunder; to rend.
Disruption	The act or rending asunder, or the state of being rent asunder or broken in pieces; breach; rent; dilaceration; rupture; as, the disruption of rocks in an earthquake; disruption of a state.
Disruptive	Causing, or tending to cause, disruption; caused by disruption; breaking through; bursting; as, the disruptive discharge of an electrical battery.
Disrupture	Disruption.
Dissatisfaction	The state of being dissatisfied, unsatisfied, or discontented; uneasiness proceeding from the want of gratification, or from disappointed wishes and expectations.
Dissatisfactory	Causing dissatisfaction; unable to give content; unsatisfactory; displeasing.
Dissatisfied	of Dissatisfy
Dissatisfying	of Dissatisfy
Dissatisfy	To render unsatisfied or discontented; to excite uneasiness in by frustrating wishes or expectations; to displease by the want of something requisite; as, to be dissatisfied with one's fortune.
Disseat	To unseat.
Dissected	of Dissect
Dissecting	of Dissect
Dissect	To divide into separate parts; to cut in pieces; to separate and expose the parts of, as an animal or a plant, for examination and to show their structure and relations; to anatomize.
Dissect	To analyze, for the purposes of science or criticism; to divide and examine minutely.
Dissected	Cut into several parts; divided into sections; as, a dissected map.
Dissected	Cut deeply into many lobes or divisions; as, a dissected leaf.
Dissectible	Capable of being dissected, or separated by dissection.
Dissecting	Dividing or separating the parts of an animal or vegetable body; as, a dissecting aneurism, one which makes its way between or within the coats of an artery.
Dissecting	Of or pertaining to, or received during, a dissection; as, a dissecting wound.
Dissecting	Used for or in dissecting; as, a dissecting knife; a dissecting microscope.
Dissection	The act of dissecting an animal or plant; as, dissection of the human body was held sacrilege till the time of Francis I.
Dissection	Fig.: The act of separating or dividing for the purpose of critical examination.
Dissection	Anything dissected; especially, some part, or the whole, of an animal or plant dissected so as to exhibit the structure; an anatomical so prepared.
Dissector	One who dissects; an anatomist.
Disseized	of Disseize
Disseizing	of Disseize
Disseize	To deprive of seizin or possession; to dispossess or oust wrongfully (one in freehold possession of land); -- followed by of; as, to disseize a tenant of his freehold.
Disseizee	A person disseized, or put out of possession of an estate unlawfully; -- correlative to disseizor.
Disseizin	The act of disseizing; an unlawful dispossessing and ouster of a person actually seized of the freehold.
Disseizor	One who wrongfully disseizes, or puts another out of possession of a freehold.
Disseizoress	A woman disseizes.
Disseizure	Disseizin.
Dissemblance	Want of resemblance; dissimilitude.
Dissemblance	The act or art of dissembling; dissimulation.
Dissembled	of Dissemble
Dissembling	of Dissemble
Dissemble	To hide under a false semblance or seeming; to feign (something) not to be what it really is; to put an untrue appearance upon; to disguise; to mask.
Dissemble	To put on the semblance of; to make pretense of; to simulate; to feign.
Dissemble	To conceal the real fact, motives, /tention, or sentiments, under some pretense; to assume a false appearance; to act the hypocrite.
Dissembler	One who dissembles; one who conceals his opinions or dispositions under a false appearance; a hypocrite.
Dissembling	That dissembles; hypocritical; false.
Disseminated	of Disseminate
Disseminating	of Disseminate
Disseminate	To sow broadcast or as seed; to scatter for growth and propagation, like seed; to spread abroad; to diffuse; as, principles, ideas, opinions, and errors are disseminated when they are spread abroad for propagation.
Disseminate	To spread or extend by dispersion.
Disseminated	Occurring in small portions scattered through some other substance.
Dissemination	The act of disseminating, or the state of being disseminated; diffusion for propagation and permanence; a scattering or spreading abroad, as of ideas, beliefs, etc.
Disseminative	Tending to disseminate, or to become disseminated.
Disseminator	One who, or that which, disseminates, spreads, or propagates; as, disseminators of disease.
Dissension	Disagreement in opinion, usually of a violent character, producing warm debates or angry words; contention in words; partisan and contentious divisions; breach of friendship and union; strife; discord; quarrel.
Dissensious	Disposed to discord; contentious; dissentious.
Dissented	of Dissent
Dissenting	of Dissent
Dissent	To differ in opinion; to be of unlike or contrary sentiment; to disagree; -- followed by from.
Dissent	To differ from an established church in regard to doctrines, rites, or government.
Dissent	To differ; to be of a contrary nature.
Dissent	The act of dissenting; difference of opinion; refusal to adopt something proposed; nonagreement, nonconcurrence, or disagreement.
Dissent	Separation from an established church, especially that of England; nonconformity.
Dissent	Contrariety of nature; diversity in quality.
Dissentaneous	Disagreeing; contrary; differing; -- opposed to consentaneous.
Dissentany	Dissentaneous; inconsistent.
Dissentation	Dissension.
Dissenter	One who dissents; one who differs in opinion, or declares his disagreement.
Dissenter	One who separates from the service and worship of an established church; especially, one who disputes the authority or tenets of the Church of England; a nonconformist.
Dissenterism	The spirit or principles of dissenters.
Dissentiate	To throw into a state of dissent.
Dissentient	Disagreeing; declaring dissent; dissenting.
Dissentient	One who dissents.
Dissentious	Marked by dissensions; apt to breed discord; quarrelsome; contentious; factious.
Dissentive	Disagreeing; inconsistent.
Dissepiment	A separating tissue; a partition; a septum.
Dissepiment	One of the partitions which divide a compound ovary into cells.
Dissepiment	One of the transverse, calcareous partitions between the radiating septa of a coral.
Dissert	To discourse or dispute; to discuss.
Dissertate	To deal in dissertation; to write dissertations; to discourse.
Dissertation	A formal or elaborate argumentative discourse, oral or written; a disquisition; an essay; a discussion; as, Dissertations on the Prophecies.
Dissertational	Relating to dissertations; resembling a dissertation.
Dissertationist	A writer of dissertations.
Dissertator	One who writers a dissertation; one who discourses.
Dissertly	See Disertly.
Di/////	of Disserve
Disserving	of Disserve
Disserve	To fail to serve; to do injury or mischief to; to damage; to hurt; to harm.
Disservice	Injury; mischief.
Disserviceable	Calculated to do disservice or harm; not serviceable; injurious; harmful; unserviceable.
Dissettle	To unsettle.
Dissettlement	The act of unsettling, or the state of being unsettled.
Dissevered	of Dissever
Dissevering	of Dissever
Dissever	To part in two; to sever thoroughly; to sunder; to disunite; to separate; to disperse.
Dissever	To part; to separate.
Disseverance	The act of disserving; separation.
Disseveration	The act of disserving; disseverance.
Disseverment	Disseverance.
Disshadow	To free from shadow or shade.
Dissheathe	To become unsheathed.
Disship	To dismiss from service on board ship.
Disshiver	To shiver or break in pieces.
Dissidence	Disagreement; dissent; separation from the established religion.
Dissident	No agreeing; dissenting; discordant; different.
Dissident	One who disagrees or dissents; one who separates from the established religion.
Dissidently	In a dissident manner.
Dissilience	Alt. of Dissiliency
Dissiliency	The act of leaping or starting asunder.
Dissilient	Starting asunder; bursting and opening with an elastic force; dehiscing explosively; as, a dissilient pericarp.
Dissilition	The act of bursting or springing apart.
Dissimilar	Not similar; unlike; heterogeneous; as, the tempers of men are as dissimilar as their features.
Dissimilarity	Want of resemblance; unlikeness; dissimilitude; variety; as, the dissimilarity of human faces and forms.
Dissimilarly	In a dissimilar manner; in a varied style.
Dissimilate	To render dissimilar.
Dissimilation	The act of making dissimilar.
Dissimile	Comparison or illustration by contraries.
Dissimilitude	Want of resemblance; unlikeness; dissimilarity.
Dissimilitude	A comparison by contrast; a dissimile.
Dissimulate	Feigning; simulating; pretending.
Dissimulate	To dissemble; to feign; to pretend.
Dissimulation	The act of dissembling; a hiding under a false appearance; concealment by feigning; false pretension; hypocrisy.
Dissimulator	One who dissimulates; a dissembler.
Dissimule	To dissemble.
Dissimuler	A dissembler.
Dissimulour	A dissembler.
Dissipable	Capable of being scattered or dissipated.
Dissipated	of Dissipate
Dissipating	of Dissipate
Dissipate	To scatter completely; to disperse and cause to disappear; -- used esp. of the dispersion of things that can never again be collected or restored.
Dissipate	To destroy by wasteful extravagance or lavish use; to squander.
Dissipate	To separate into parts and disappear; to waste away; to scatter; to disperse; to vanish; as, a fog or cloud gradually dissipates before the rays or heat of the sun; the heat of a body dissipates.
Dissipate	To be extravagant, wasteful, or dissolute in the pursuit of pleasure; to engage in dissipation.
Dissipated	Squandered; scattered.
Dissipated	Wasteful of health, money, etc., in the pursuit of pleasure; dissolute; intemperate.
Dissipation	The act of dissipating or dispersing; a state of dispersion or separation; dispersion; waste.
Dissipation	A dissolute course of life, in which health, money, etc., are squandered in pursuit of pleasure; profuseness in vicious indulgence, as late hours, riotous living, etc.; dissoluteness.
Dissipation	A trifle which wastes time or distracts attention.
Dissipative	Tending to dissipate.
Dissipativity	The rate at which palpable energy is dissipated away into other forms of energy.
Dissite	Lying apart.
Disslander	To slander.
Disslander	Slander.
Disslanderous	Slanderous.
Dissociability	Want of sociability; unsociableness.
Dissociable	Not /ell associated or assorted; incongruous.
Dissociable	Having a tendency to dissolve social connections; unsuitable to society; unsociable.
Dissocial	Unfriendly to society; contracted; selfish; as, dissocial feelings.
Dissocialize	To render unsocial.
Dissociated	of Dissociate
Dissociating	of Dissociate
Dissociate	To separate from fellowship or union; to disunite; to disjoin; as, to dissociate the particles of a concrete substance.
Dissociation	The act of dissociating or disuniting; a state of separation; disunion.
Dissociation	The process by which a compound body breaks up into simpler constituents; -- said particularly of the action of heat on gaseous or volatile substances; as, the dissociation of the sulphur molecules; the dissociation of ammonium chloride into hydrochloric acid and ammonia.
Dissociative	Tending or leading to dissociation.
Dissolubility	The quality of being dissoluble; capacity of being dissoluble; capacity of being dissolved by heat or moisture, and converted into a fluid.
Dissoluble	Capable of being dissolved; having its parts separable by heat or moisture; convertible into a fluid.
Dissoluble	Capable of being disunited.
Dissolubleness	The quality of being dissoluble; dissolubility.
Dissolute	With nerves unstrung; weak.
Dissolute	Loosed from restraint; esp., loose in morals and conduct; recklessly abandoned to sensual pleasures; profligate; wanton; lewd; debauched.
Dissolutely	In a dissolute manner.
Dissoluteness	State or quality of being dissolute; looseness of morals and manners; addictedness to sinful pleasures; debauchery; dissipation.
Dissolution	The act of dissolving, sundering, or separating into component parts; separation.
Dissolution	Change from a solid to a fluid state; solution by heat or moisture; liquefaction; melting.
Dissolution	Change of form by chemical agency; decomposition; resolution.
Dissolution	The dispersion of an assembly by terminating its sessions; the breaking up of a partnership.
Dissolution	The extinction of life in the human body; separation of the soul from the body; death.
Dissolution	The state of being dissolved, or of undergoing liquefaction.
Dissolution	The new product formed by dissolving a body; a solution.
Dissolution	Destruction of anything by the separation of its parts; ruin.
Dissolution	Corruption of morals; dissipation; dissoluteness.
Dissolvability	Capacity of being dissolved; solubility.
Dissolvable	Capable of being dissolved, or separated into component parts; capable of being liquefied; soluble.
Dissolvative	Having the power to dissolve anything; solvent.
Dissolved	of Dissolve
Dissolving	of Dissolve
Dissolve	To separate into competent parts; to disorganize; to break up; hence, to bring to an end by separating the parts, sundering a relation, etc.; to terminate; to destroy; to deprive of force; as, to dissolve a partnership; to dissolve Parliament.
Dissolve	To break the continuity of; to disconnect; to disunite; to sunder; to loosen; to undo; to separate.
Dissolve	To convert into a liquid by means of heat, moisture, etc.,; to melt; to liquefy; to soften.
Dissolve	To solve; to clear up; to resolve.
Dissolve	To relax by pleasure; to make powerless.
Dissolve	To annul; to rescind; to discharge or release; as, to dissolve an injunction.
Dissolve	To waste away; to be dissipated; to be decomposed or broken up.
Dissolve	To become fluid; to be melted; to be liquefied.
Dissolve	To fade away; to fall to nothing; to lose power.
Dissolvent	Having power to dissolve power to dissolve a solid body; as, the dissolvent juices of the stomach.
Dissolvent	That which has the power of dissolving or melting other substances, esp. by mixture with them; a menstruum; a solvent.
Dissolvent	A remedy supposed capable of dissolving concretions in the body, such as calculi, tubercles, etc.
Dissolver	One who, or that which, has power to dissolve or dissipate.
Dissolving	Melting; breaking up; vanishing.
Dissonance	A mingling of discordant sounds; an inharmonious combination of sounds; discord.
Dissonance	Want of agreement; incongruity.
Dissonancy	Discord; dissonance.
Dissonant	Sounding harshly; discordant; unharmonious.
Dissonant	Disagreeing; incongruous; discrepant, -- with from or to.
Disspirit	See Dispirit.
Dissuaded	of Dissuade
Dissuading	of Dissuade
Dissuade	To advise or exhort against; to try to persuade (one from a course).
Dissuade	To divert by persuasion; to turn from a purpose by reasons or motives; -- with from; as, I could not dissuade him from his purpose.
Dissuader	One who dissuades; a dehorter.
Dissuasion	The act of dissuading; exhortation against a thing; dehortation.
Dissuasion	A motive or consideration tending to dissuade; a dissuasive.
Dissuasive	Tending to dissuade or divert from a measure or purpose; dehortatory; as, dissuasive advice.
Dissuasive	A dissuasive argument or counsel; dissuasion; dehortation.
Dissuasory	A dissuasive.
Dissundered	of Dissunder
Dissundering	of Dissunder
Dissunder	To separate; to sunder; to destroy.
Dissweeten	To deprive of sweetness.
Dissyllabic	Consisting of two syllables only; as, a dissyllabic foot in poetry.
Dissyllabification	A forming into two syllables.
Dissyllabify	To form into two syllables.
Dissyllabize	To form into two syllables; to dissyllabify.
Dissyllable	A word of two syllables; as, pa-per.
Dissymmetrical	Not having symmetry; asymmetrical; unsymmetrical.
Dissymmetry	Absence or defect of symmetry; asymmetry.
Dissympathy	Lack of sympathy; want of interest; indifference.
Distad	Toward a distal part; on the distal side of; distally.
Distaffs	of Distaff
Distaves	of Distaff
Distaff	The staff for holding a bunch of flax, tow, or wool, from which the thread is drawn in spinning by hand.
Distaff	Used as a symbol of the holder of a distaff; hence, a woman; women, collectively.
Distained	of Distain
Distaining	of Distain
Distain	To tinge with a different color from the natural or proper one; to stain; to discolor; to sully; to tarnish; to defile; -- used chiefly in poetry.
Distal	Remote from the point of attachment or origin; as, the distal end of a bone or muscle
Distal	Pertaining to that which is distal; as, the distal tuberosities of a bone.
Distally	Toward a distal part.
Distance	The space between two objects; the length of a line, especially the shortest line joining two points or things that are separate; measure of separation in place.
Distance	Remoteness of place; a remote place.
Distance	A space marked out in the last part of a race course.
Distance	Relative space, between troops in ranks, measured from front to rear; -- contrasted with interval, which is measured from right to left.
Distance	Space between two antagonists in fencing.
Distance	The part of a picture which contains the representation of those objects which are the farthest away, esp. in a landscape.
Distance	Ideal disjunction; discrepancy; contrariety.
Distance	Length or interval of time; period, past or future, between two eras or events.
Distance	The remoteness or reserve which respect requires; hence, respect; ceremoniousness.
Distance	A withholding of intimacy; alienation; coldness; disagreement; variance; restraint; reserve.
Distance	Remoteness in succession or relation; as, the distance between a descendant and his ancestor.
Distance	The interval between two notes; as, the distance of a fourth or seventh.
Distanced	of Distance
Distancing	of Distance
Distance	To place at a distance or remotely.
Distance	To cause to appear as if at a distance; to make seem remote.
Distance	To outstrip by as much as a distance (see Distance, n., 3); to leave far behind; to surpass greatly.
Distancy	Distance.
Distant	Separated; having an intervening space; at a distance; away.
Distant	Far separated; far off; not near; remote; -- in place, time, consanguinity, or connection; as, distant times; distant relatives.
Distant	Reserved or repelling in manners; cold; not cordial; somewhat haughty; as, a distant manner.
Distant	Indistinct; faint; obscure, as from distance.
Distant	Not conformable; discrepant; repugnant; as, a practice so widely distant from Christianity.
Distantial	Distant.
Distantly	At a distance; remotely; with reserve.
Distaste	Aversion of the taste; dislike, as of food or drink; disrelish.
Distaste	Discomfort; uneasiness.
Distaste	Alienation of affection; displeasure; anger.
Distasted	of Distaste
Distasting	of Distaste
Distaste	Not to have relish or taste for; to disrelish; to loathe; to dislike.
Distaste	To offend; to disgust; to displease.
Distaste	To deprive of taste or relish; to make unsavory or distasteful.
Distaste	To be distasteful; to taste ill or disagreeable.
Distasteful	Unpleasant or disgusting to the taste; nauseous; loathsome.
Distasteful	Offensive; displeasing to the feelings; disagreeable; as, a distasteful truth.
Distasteful	Manifesting distaste or dislike; repulsive.
Distasteive	Tending to excite distaste.
Distasteive	That which excites distaste or aversion.
Distasture	Something which excites distaste or disgust.
Distempered	of Distemper
Distempering	of Distemper
Distemper	To temper or mix unduly; to make disproportionate; to change the due proportions of.
Distemper	To derange the functions of, whether bodily, mental, or spiritual; to disorder; to disease.
Distemper	To deprive of temper or moderation; to disturb; to ruffle; to make disaffected, ill-humored, or malignant.
Distemper	To intoxicate.
Distemper	To mix (colors) in the way of distemper; as, to distemper colors with size.
Distemper	An undue or unnatural temper, or disproportionate mixture of parts.
Distemper	Severity of climate; extreme weather, whether hot or cold.
Distemper	A morbid state of the animal system; indisposition; malady; disorder; -- at present chiefly applied to diseases of brutes; as, a distemper in dogs; the horse distemper; the horn distemper in cattle.
Distemper	Morbid temper of the mind; undue predominance of a passion or appetite; mental derangement; bad temper; ill humor.
Distemper	Political disorder; tumult.
Distemper	A preparation of opaque or body colors, in which the pigments are tempered or diluted with weak glue or size (cf. Tempera) instead of oil, usually for scene painting, or for walls and ceilings of rooms.
Distemper	A painting done with this preparation.
Distemperance	Distemperature.
Distemperate	Immoderate.
Distemperate	Diseased; disordered.
Distemperately	Unduly.
Distemperature	Bad temperature; intemperateness; excess of heat or cold, or of other qualities; as, the distemperature of the air.
Distemperature	Disorder; confusion.
Distemperature	Disorder of body; slight illness; distemper.
Distemperature	Perturbation of mind; mental uneasiness.
Distemperment	Distempered state; distemperature.
Distended	of Distend
Distending	of Distend
Distend	To extend in some one direction; to lengthen out; to stretch.
Distend	To stretch out or extend in all directions; to dilate; to enlarge, as by elasticity of parts; to inflate so as to produce tension; to cause to swell; as, to distend a bladder, the stomach, etc.
Distend	To become expanded or inflated; to swell.
Distensibility	The quality or capacity of being distensible.
Distensible	Capable of being distended or dilated.
Distension	Same as Distention.
Distensive	Distending, or capable of being distended.
Distent	Distended.
Distent	Breadth.
Distention	The act of distending; the act of stretching in breadth or in all directions; the state of being Distended; as, the distention of the lungs.
Distention	Breadth; extent or space occupied by the thing distended.
Dister	To banish or drive from a country.
Disterminate	Separated by bounds.
Distermination	Separation by bounds.
Disthene	Cyanite or kyanite; -- so called in allusion to its unequal hardness in two different directions. See Cyanite.
Disthrone	To dethrone.
Disthronize	To dethrone.
Distich	A couple of verses or poetic lines making complete sense; an epigram of two verses.
Distich	Alt. of Distichous
Distichous	Disposed in two vertical rows; two-ranked.
Distichously	In a distichous manner.
Distil	See Distill.
Distilled	of Distill
Distilling	of Distill
Distill	To drop; to fall in drops; to trickle.
Distill	To flow gently, or in a small stream.
Distill	To practice the art of distillation.
Distill	To let fall or send down in drops.
Distill	To obtain by distillation; to extract by distillation, as spirits, essential oil, etc.; to rectify; as, to distill brandy from wine; to distill alcoholic spirits from grain; to distill essential oils from flowers, etc.; to distill fresh water from sea water.
Distill	To subject to distillation; as, to distill molasses in making rum; to distill barley, rye, corn, etc.
Distill	To dissolve or melt.
Distillable	Capable of being distilled; especially, capable of being distilled without chemical change or decomposition; as, alcohol is distillable; olive oil is not distillable.
Distillate	The product of distillation; as, the distillate from molasses.
Distillation	The act of falling in drops, or the act of pouring out in drops.
Distillation	That which falls in drops.
Distillation	The separation of the volatile parts of a substance from the more fixed; specifically, the operation of driving off gas or vapor from volatile liquids or solids, by heat in a retort or still, and the condensation of the products as far as possible by a cool receiver, alembic, or condenser; rectification; vaporization; condensation; as, the distillation of illuminating gas and coal, of alcohol from sour mash, or of boric acid in steam.
Distillation	The substance extracted by distilling.
Distillatory	Belonging to, or used in, distilling; as, distillatory vessels.
Distillatory	A distillatory apparatus; a still.
Distiller	One who distills; esp., one who extracts alcoholic liquors by distillation.
Distiller	The condenser of a distilling apparatus.
Distilleries	of Distillery
Distillery	The building and works where distilling, esp. of alcoholic liquors, is carried on.
Distillery	The act of distilling spirits.
Distillment	Distillation; the substance obtained by distillation.
Distinct	Distinguished; having the difference marked; separated by a visible sign; marked out; specified.
Distinct	Marked; variegated.
Distinct	Separate in place; not conjunct; not united by growth or otherwise; -- with from.
Distinct	Not identical; different; individual.
Distinct	So separated as not to be confounded with any other thing; not liable to be misunderstood; not confused; well-defined; clear; as, we have a distinct or indistinct view of a prospect.
Distinct	To distinguish.
Distinction	A marking off by visible signs; separation into parts; division.
Distinction	The act of distinguishing or denoting the differences between objects, or the qualities by which one is known from others; exercise of discernment; discrimination.
Distinction	That which distinguishes one thing from another; distinguishing quality; sharply defined difference; as, the distinction between real and apparent good.
Distinction	Estimation of difference; regard to differences or distinguishing circumstance.
Distinction	Conspicuous station; eminence; superiority; honorable estimation; as, a man of distinction.
Distinctive	Marking or expressing distinction or difference; distinguishing; characteristic; peculiar.
Distinctive	Having the power to distinguish and discern; discriminating.
Distinctively	With distinction; plainly.
Distinctiveness	State of being distinctive.
Distinctly	With distinctness; not confusedly; without the blending of one part or thing another; clearly; plainly; as, to see distinctly.
Distinctly	With meaning; significantly.
Distinctness	The quality or state of being distinct; a separation or difference that prevents confusion of parts or things.
Distinctness	Nice discrimination; hence, clearness; precision; as, he stated his arguments with great distinctness.
Distincture	Distinctness.
Distinguished	of Distinguish
Distinguishing	of Distinguish
Distinguish	Not set apart from others by visible marks; to make distinctive or discernible by exhibiting differences; to mark off by some characteristic.
Distinguish	To separate by definition of terms or logical division of a subject with regard to difference; as, to distinguish sounds into high and low.
Distinguish	To recognize or discern by marks, signs, or characteristic quality or qualities; to know and discriminate (anything) from other things with which it might be confounded; as, to distinguish the sound of a drum.
Distinguish	To constitute a difference; to make to differ.
Distinguish	To separate from others by a mark of honor; to make eminent or known; to confer distinction upon; -- with by or for.
Distinguish	To make distinctions; to perceive the difference; to exercise discrimination; -- with between; as, a judge distinguishes between cases apparently similar, but differing in principle.
Distinguish	To become distinguished or distinctive; to make one's self or itself discernible.
Distinguishable	Capable of being distinguished; separable; divisible; discernible; capable of recognition; as, a tree at a distance is distinguishable from a shrub.
Distinguishable	Worthy of note or special regard.
Distinguishableness	The quality of being distinguishable.
Distinguishably	So as to be distinguished.
Distinguished	Marked; special.
Distinguished	Separated from others by distinct difference; having, or indicating, superiority; eminent or known; illustrious; -- applied to persons and deeds.
Distinguishedly	In a distinguished manner.
Distinguisher	One who, or that which, distinguishes or separates one thing from another by marks of diversity.
Distinguisher	One who discerns accurately the difference of things; a nice or judicious observer.
Distinguishing	Constituting difference, or distinction from everything else; distinctive; peculiar; characteristic.
Distinguishingly	With distinction; with some mark of preference.
Distinguishment	Observation of difference; distinction.
Distitle	To deprive of title or right.
Distoma	A genus of parasitic, trematode worms, having two suckers for attaching themselves to the part they infest. See 1st Fluke, 2.
Distort	Distorted; misshapen.
Distorted	of Distort
Distorting	of Distort
Distort	To twist of natural or regular shape; to twist aside physically; as, to distort the limbs, or the body.
Distort	To force or put out of the true posture or direction; to twist aside mentally or morally.
Distort	To wrest from the true meaning; to pervert; as, to distort passages of Scripture, or their meaning.
Distorter	One who, or that which, distorts.
Distortion	The act of distorting, or twisting out of natural or regular shape; a twisting or writhing motion; as, the distortions of the face or body.
Distortion	A wresting from the true meaning.
Distortion	The state of being distorted, or twisted out of shape or out of true position; crookedness; perversion.
Distortion	An unnatural deviation of shape or position of any part of the body producing visible deformity.
Distortive	Causing distortion.
Distract	Separated; drawn asunder.
Distract	Insane; mad.
Distracted	of Distract
Distraught	of Distract
Distracting	of Distract
Distract	To draw apart or away; to divide; to disjoin.
Distract	To draw (the sight, mind, or attention) in different directions; to perplex; to confuse; as, to distract the eye; to distract the attention.
Distract	To agitate by conflicting passions, or by a variety of motives or of cares; to confound; to harass.
Distract	To unsettle the reason of; to render insane; to craze; to madden; -- most frequently used in the participle, distracted.
Distracted	Mentally disordered; unsettled; mad.
Distractedly	Disjointedly; madly.
Distractedness	A state of being distracted; distraction.
Distracter	One who, or that which, distracts away.
Distractful	Distracting.
Distractible	Capable of being drawn aside or distracted.
Distractile	Tending or serving to draw apart.
Distracting	Tending or serving to distract.
Distraction	The act of distracting; a drawing apart; separation.
Distraction	That which diverts attention; a diversion.
Distraction	A diversity of direction; detachment.
Distraction	State in which the attention is called in different ways; confusion; perplexity.
Distraction	Confusion of affairs; tumult; disorder; as, political distractions.
Distraction	Agitation from violent emotions; perturbation of mind; despair.
Distraction	Derangement of the mind; madness.
Distractious	Distractive.
Distractive	Causing perplexity; distracting.
Distrained	of Distrain
Distraining	of Distrain
Distrain	To press heavily upon; to bear down upon with violence; hence, to constrain or compel; to bind; to distress, torment, or afflict.
Distrain	To rend; to tear.
Distrain	To seize, as a pledge or indemnification; to take possession of as security for nonpayment of rent, the reparation of an injury done, etc.; to take by distress; as, to distrain goods for rent, or of an amercement.
Distrain	To subject to distress; to coerce; as, to distrain a person by his goods and chattels.
Distrain	To levy a distress.
Distrainable	Capable of being, or liable to be, distrained.
Distrainer	Same as Distrainor.
Distrainor	One who distrains; the party distraining goods or chattels.
Distraint	The act or proceeding of seizing personal property by distress.
Distrait	Absent-minded; lost in thought; abstracted.
Distraught	Torn asunder; separated.
Distraught	Distracted; perplexed.
Distraughted	Distracted.
Distream	To flow.
Distress	Extreme pain or suffering; anguish of body or mind; as, to suffer distress from the gout, or from the loss of friends.
Distress	That which occasions suffering; painful situation; misfortune; affliction; misery.
Distress	A state of danger or necessity; as, a ship in distress, from leaking, loss of spars, want of provisions or water, etc.
Distress	The act of distraining; the taking of a personal chattel out of the possession of a wrongdoer, by way of pledge for redress of an injury, or for the performance of a duty, as for nonpayment of rent or taxes, or for injury done by cattle, etc.
Distress	The thing taken by distraining; that which is seized to procure satisfaction.
Distressed	of Distress
Distressing	of Distress
Distress	To cause pain or anguish to; to pain; to oppress with calamity; to afflict; to harass; to make miserable.
Distress	To compel by pain or suffering.
Distress	To seize for debt; to distrain.
Distressedness	A state of being distressed or greatly pained.
Distressful	Full of distress; causing, indicating, or attended with, distress; as, a distressful situation.
Distressing	Causing distress; painful; unpleasant.
Distressing	In a distressing manner.
Distributable	Capable of being distributed.
Distributary	Tending to distribute or be distributed; that distributes; distributive.
Distributed	of Distribute
Distributing	of Distribute
Distribute	To divide among several or many; to deal out; to apportion; to allot.
Distribute	To dispense; to administer; as, to distribute justice.
Distribute	To divide or separate, as into classes, orders, kinds, or species; to classify; to assort, as specimens, letters, etc.
Distribute	To separate (type which has been used) and return it to the proper boxes in the cases.
Distribute	To spread (ink) evenly, as upon a roller or a table.
Distribute	To employ (a term) in its whole extent; to take as universal in one premise.
Distribute	To make distribution.
Distributer	One who, or that which, distributes or deals out anything; a dispenser.
Distributing	That distributes; dealing out.
Distribution	The act of distributing or dispensing; the act of dividing or apportioning among several or many; apportionment; as, the distribution of an estate among heirs or children.
Distribution	Separation into parts or classes; arrangement of anything into parts; disposition; classification.
Distribution	That which is distributed.
Distribution	A resolving a whole into its parts.
Distribution	The sorting of types and placing them in their proper boxes in the cases.
Distribution	The steps or operations by which steam is supplied to and withdrawn from the cylinder at each stroke of the piston; viz., admission, suppression or cutting off, release or exhaust, and compression of exhaust steam prior to the next admission.
Distributional	Of or pertaining to distribution.
Distributionist	A distributer.
Distributive	Tending to distribute; serving to divide and assign in portions; dealing to each his proper share.
Distributive	Assigning the species of a general term.
Distributive	Expressing separation; denoting a taking singly, not collectively; as, a distributive adjective or pronoun, such as each, either, every; a distributive numeral, as (Latin) bini (two by two).
Distributive	A distributive adjective or pronoun; also, a distributive numeral.
Distributively	By distribution; singly; not collectively; in a distributive manner.
Distributiveness	Quality of being distributive.
District	Rigorous; stringent; harsh.
District	The territory within which the lord has the power of coercing and punishing.
District	A division of territory; a defined portion of a state, town, or city, etc., made for administrative, electoral, or other purposes; as, a congressional district, judicial district, land district, school district, etc.
District	Any portion of territory of undefined extent; a region; a country; a tract.
Districted	of District
Districting	of District
District	To divide into districts or limited portions of territory; as, legislatures district States for the choice of representatives.
Distriction	Sudden display; flash; glitter.
Districtly	Strictly.
Distringas	A writ commanding the sheriff to distrain a person by his goods or chattels, to compel a compliance with something required of him.
Distrouble	To trouble.
Distrusted	of Distrust
Distrusting	of Distrust
Distrust	To feel absence of trust in; not to confide in or rely upon; to deem of questionable sufficiency or reality; to doubt; to be suspicious of; to mistrust.
Distrust	Doubt of sufficiency, reality, or sincerity; want of confidence, faith, or reliance; as, distrust of one's power, authority, will, purposes, schemes, etc.
Distrust	Suspicion of evil designs.
Distrust	State of being suspected; loss of trust.
Distruster	One who distrusts.
Distrustful	Not confident; diffident; wanting confidence or thrust; modest; as, distrustful of ourselves, of one's powers.
Distrustful	Apt to distrust; suspicious; mistrustful.
Distrusting	That distrusts; suspicious; lacking confidence in.
Distrustless	Free from distrust.
Distune	To put out of tune.
Disturbed	of Disturb
Disturbing	of Disturb
Disturb	To throw into disorder or confusion; to derange; to interrupt the settled state of; to excite from a state of rest.
Disturb	To agitate the mind of; to deprive of tranquillity; to disquiet; to render uneasy; as, a person is disturbed by receiving an insult, or his mind is disturbed by envy.
Disturb	To turn from a regular or designed course.
Disturb	Disturbance.
Disturbance	An interruption of a state of peace or quiet; derangement of the regular course of things; disquiet; disorder; as, a disturbance of religious exercises; a disturbance of the galvanic current.
Disturbance	Confusion of the mind; agitation of the feelings; perplexity; uneasiness.
Disturbance	Violent agitation in the body politic; public commotion; tumult.
Disturbance	The hindering or disquieting of a person in the lawful and peaceable enjoyment of his right; the interruption of a right; as, the disturbance of a franchise, of common, of ways, and the like.
Disturbation	Act of disturbing; disturbance.
Disturber	One who, or that which, disturbs of disquiets; a violator of peace; a troubler.
Disturber	One who interrupts or incommodes another in the peaceable enjoyment of his right.
Disturn	To turn aside.
Distyle	Having two columns in front; -- said of a temple, portico, or the like.
Disulphate	A salt of disulphuric or pyrosulphuric acid; a pyrosulphate.
Disulphate	An acid salt of sulphuric acid, having only one equivalent of base to two of the acid.
Disulphide	A binary compound of sulphur containing two atoms of sulphur in each molecule; -- formerly called disulphuret.  Cf. Bisulphide.
Disulphuret	See Disulphide.
Disulphuric	Applied to an acid having in each molecule two atoms of sulphur in the higher state of oxidation.
Disuniform	Not uniform.
Disunion	The termination of union; separation; disjunction; as, the disunion of the body and the soul.
Disunion	A breach of concord and its effect; alienation.
Disunion	The termination or disruption of the union of the States forming the United States.
Disunionist	An advocate of disunion, specifically, of disunion of the United States.
Disunited	of Disunite
Disuniting	of Disunite
Disunite	To destroy the union of; to divide; to part; to sever; to disjoin; to sunder; to separate; as, to disunite particles of matter.
Disunite	To alienate in spirit; to break the concord of.
Disunite	To part; to fall asunder; to become separated.
Disuniter	One who, or that which, disjoins or causes disunion.
Disunity	A state of separation or disunion; want of unity.
Disusage	Gradual cessation of use or custom; neglect of use; disuse.
Disused	of Disuse
Disusing	of Disuse
Disuse	To cease to use; to discontinue the practice of.
Disuse	To disaccustom; -- with to or from; as, disused to toil.
Disuse	Cessation of use, practice, or exercise; inusitation; desuetude; as, the limbs lose their strength by disuse.
Disutilize	To deprive of utility; to render useless.
Disvaluation	Disesteem; depreciation; disrepute.
Disvalue	To undervalue; to depreciate.
Disvalue	Disesteem; disregard.
Disvantageous	Disadvantageous.
Disvelop	To develop.
Disventure	A disadventure.
Disvouch	To discredit; to contradict.
Diswarn	To dissuade from by previous warning.
Diswitted	Deprived of wits or understanding; distracted.
Diswont	To deprive of wonted usage; to disaccustom.
Disworkmanship	Bad workmanship.
Disworship	To refuse to worship; to treat as unworthy.
Disworship	A deprivation of honor; a cause of disgrace; a discredit.
Disworth	To deprive of worth; to degrade.
Disyoke	To unyoke; to free from a yoke; to disjoin.
Dit	A word; a decree.
Dit	A ditty; a song.
Dit	To close up.
Ditation	The act of making rich; enrichment.
Ditches	of Ditch
Ditch	A trench made in the earth by digging, particularly a trench for draining wet land, for guarding or fencing inclosures, or for preventing an approach to a town or fortress. In the latter sense, it is called also a moat or a fosse.
Ditch	Any long, narrow receptacle for water on the surface of the earth.
Ditched	of Ditch
Ditching	of Ditch
Ditch	To dig a ditch or ditches in; to drain by a ditch or ditches; as, to ditch moist land.
Ditch	To surround with a ditch.
Ditch	To throw into a ditch; as, the engine was ditched and turned on its side.
Ditch	To dig a ditch or ditches.
Ditcher	One who digs ditches.
Dite	To prepare for action or use; to make ready; to dight.
Diterebene	See Colophene.
Dithecal	Alt. of Dithecous
Dithecous	Having two thecae, cells, or compartments.
Ditheism	The doctrine of those who maintain the existence of two gods or of two original principles (as in Manicheism), one good and one evil; dualism.
Ditheist	One who holds the doctrine of ditheism; a dualist.
Ditheistic	Alt. of Ditheistical
Ditheistical	Pertaining to ditheism; dualistic.
Dithionic	Containing two equivalents of sulphur; as, dithionic acid.
Dithyramb	A kind of lyric poetry in honor of Bacchus, usually sung by a band of revelers to a flute accompaniment; hence, in general, a poem written in a wild irregular strain.
Dithyrambic	Pertaining to, or resembling, a dithyramb; wild and boisterous.
Dithyrambic	A dithyrambic poem; a dithyramb.
Dithyrambus	See Dithyramb.
Dition	Dominion; rule.
Ditionary	Under rule; subject; tributary.
Ditionary	A subject; a tributary.
Ditokous	Having two kinds of young, as certain annelids.
Ditokous	Producing only two eggs for a clutch, as certain birds do.
Ditolyl	A white, crystalline, aromatic hydrocarbon, C14H14, consisting of two radicals or residues of toluene.
Ditone	The Greek major third, which comprehend two major tones (the modern major third contains one major and one minor whole tone).
Ditrichotomous	Divided into twos or threes.
Ditrichotomous	Dividing into double or treble ramifications; -- said of a leaf or stem.
Ditrochean	Containing two trochees.
Ditrochee	A double trochee; a foot made up of two trochees.
Ditroite	An igneous rock composed of orthoclase, elaeolite, and sodalite.
Ditt	See Dit, n., 2.
Dittander	A kind of peppergrass (Lepidium latifolium).
Dittany	A plant of the Mint family (Origanum Dictamnus), a native of Crete.
Dittany	The Dictamnus Fraxinella. See Dictamnus.
Dittany	In America, the Cunila Mariana, a fragrant herb of the Mint family.
Dittied	Set, sung, or composed as a ditty; -- usually in composition.
Dittos	of Ditto
Ditto	The aforesaid thing; the same (as before). Often contracted to do., or to two "turned commas" ("), or small marks. Used in bills, books of account, tables of names, etc., to save repetition.
Ditto	As before, or aforesaid; in the same manner; also.
Dittology	A double reading, or twofold interpretation, as of a Scripture text.
Ditties	of Ditty
Ditty	A saying or utterance; especially, one that is short and frequently repeated; a theme.
Ditty	A song; a lay; a little poem intended to be sung.
Ditty	To sing; to warble a little tune.
Ditty-bag	A sailor's small bag to hold thread, needles, tape, etc.; -- also called sailor's housewife.
Ditty-box	A small box to hold a sailor's thread, needless, comb, etc.
Diureide	One of a series of complex nitrogenous substances regarded as containing two molecules of urea or their radicals, as uric acid or allantoin.  Cf. Ureide.
Diuresis	Free excretion of urine.
Diuretic	Tending to increase the secretion and discharge of urine.
Diuretic	A medicine with diuretic properties.
Diuretical	Diuretic.
Diureticalness	The quality of being diuretical; diuretic property.
Diurna	A division of Lepidoptera, including the butterflies; -- so called because they fly only in the daytime.
Diurnal	Relating to the daytime; belonging to the period of daylight, distinguished from the night; -- opposed to nocturnal; as, diurnal heat; diurnal hours.
Diurnal	Daily; recurring every day; performed in a day; going through its changes in a day; constituting the measure of a day; as, a diurnal fever; a diurnal task; diurnal aberration, or diurnal parallax; the diurnal revolution of the earth.
Diurnal	Opening during the day, and closing at night; -- said of flowers or leaves.
Diurnal	Active by day; -- applied especially to the eagles and hawks among raptorial birds, and to butterflies (Diurna) among insects.
Diurnal	A daybook; a journal.
Diurnal	A small volume containing the daily service for the "little hours," viz., prime, tierce, sext, nones, vespers, and compline.
Diurnal	A diurnal bird or insect.
Diurnalist	A journalist.
Diurnally	Daily; every day.
Diurnalness	The quality of being diurnal.
Diurnation	Continuance during the day.
Diurnation	The condition of sleeping or becoming dormant by day, as is the case of the bats.
Diuturnal	Of long continuance; lasting.
Diuturnity	Long duration; lastingness.
Divagation	A wandering about or going astray; digression.
Divalent	Having two units of combining power; bivalent.  Cf. Valence.
Divan	A book; esp., a collection of poems written by one author; as, the divan of Hafiz.
Divan	In Turkey and other Oriental countries: A council of state; a royal court. Also used by the poets for a grand deliberative council or assembly.
Divan	A chief officer of state.
Divan	A saloon or hall where a council is held, in Oriental countries, the state reception room in places, and in the houses of the richer citizens. Cushions on the floor or on benches are ranged round the room.
Divan	A cushioned seat, or a large, low sofa or couch; especially, one fixed to its place, and not movable.
Divan	A coffee and smoking saloon.
Divaricated	of Divaricate
Divaricating	of Divaricate
Divaricate	To part into two branches; to become bifid; to fork.
Divaricate	To diverge; to be divaricate.
Divaricate	To divide into two branches; to cause to branch apart.
Divaricate	Diverging; spreading asunder; widely diverging.
Divaricate	Forking and diverging; widely diverging; as the branches of a tree, or as lines of sculpture, or color markings on animals, etc.
Divaricately	With divarication.
Divarication	A separation into two parts or branches; a forking; a divergence.
Divarication	An ambiguity of meaning; a disagreement of difference in opinion.
Divarication	A divergence of lines of color sculpture, or of fibers at different angles.
Divaricator	One of the muscles which open the shell of brachiopods; a cardinal muscle. See Illust. of Brachiopoda.
Divast	Devastated; laid waste.
Dived	of Dive
Dove	of Dive
Diving	of Dive
Dive	To plunge into water head foremost; to thrust the body under, or deeply into, water or other fluid.
Dive	Fig.: To plunge or to go deeply into any subject, question, business, etc.; to penetrate; to explore.
Dive	To plunge (a person or thing) into water; to dip; to duck.
Dive	To explore by diving; to plunge into.
Dive	A plunge headforemost into water, the act of one who dives, literally or figuratively.
Dive	A place of low resort.
Divedapper	A water fowl; the didapper. See Dabchick.
Divel	To rend apart.
Divellent	Drawing asunder.
Divellicate	To pull in pieces.
Diver	One who, or that which, dives.
Diver	Fig.: One who goes deeply into a subject, study, or business.
Diver	Any bird of certain genera, as Urinator (formerly Colymbus), or the allied genus Colymbus, or Podiceps, remarkable for their agility in diving.
Diverb	A saying in which two members of the sentence are contrasted; an antithetical proverb.
Diverberate	To strike or sound through.
Diverberation	A sounding through.
Diverged	of Diverge
Diverging	of Diverge
Diverge	To extend from a common point in different directions; to tend from one point and recede from each other; to tend to spread apart; to turn aside or deviate (as from a given direction); -- opposed to converge; as, rays of light diverge as they proceed from the sun.
Diverge	To differ from a typical form; to vary from a normal condition; to dissent from a creed or position generally held or taken.
Divergement	Divergence.
Divergence	Alt. of Divergency
Divergency	A receding from each other in moving from a common center; the state of being divergent; as, an angle is made by the divergence of straight lines.
Divergency	Disagreement; difference.
Divergent	Receding farther and farther from each other, as lines radiating from one point; deviating gradually from a given direction; -- opposed to convergent.
Divergent	Causing divergence of rays; as, a divergent lens.
Divergent	Fig.: Disagreeing from something given; differing; as, a divergent statement.
Diverging	Tending in different directions from a common center; spreading apart; divergent.
Divergingly	In a diverging manner.
Divers	Different in kind or species; diverse.
Divers	Several; sundry; various; more than one, but not a great number; as, divers philosophers. Also used substantively or pronominally.
Diverse	Different; unlike; dissimilar; distinct; separate.
Diverse	Capable of various forms; multiform.
Diverse	In different directions; diversely.
Diverse	To turn aside.
Diversely	In different ways; differently; variously.
Diversely	In different directions; to different points.
Diverseness	The quality of being diverse.
Diversifiability	The quality or capacity of being diversifiable.
Diversifiable	Capable of being diversified or varied.
Diversification	The act of making various, or of changing form or quality.
Diversification	State of diversity or variation; variegation; modification; change; alternation.
Diversified	Distinguished by various forms, or by a variety of aspects or objects; variegated; as, diversified scenery or landscape.
Diversifier	One who, or that which, diversifies.
Diversiform	Of a different form; of varied forms.
Diversified	of Diversify
Diversifying	of Diversify
Diversify	To make diverse or various in form or quality; to give variety to; to variegate; to distinguish by numerous differences or aspects.
Diversiloquent	Speaking in different ways.
Diversion	The act of turning aside from any course, occupation, or object; as, the diversion of a stream from its channel; diversion of the mind from business.
Diversion	That which diverts; that which turns or draws the mind from care or study, and thus relaxes and amuses; sport; play; pastime; as, the diversions of youth.
Diversion	The act of drawing the attention and force of an enemy from the point where the principal attack is to be made; the attack, alarm, or feint which diverts.
Diversities	of Diversity
Diversity	A state of difference; dissimilitude; unlikeness.
Diversity	Multiplicity of difference; multiformity; variety.
Diversity	Variegation.
Diversivolent	Desiring different things.
Diversory	Serving or tending to divert; also, distinguishing.
Diversory	A wayside inn.
Diverted	of Divert
Diverting	of Divert
Divert	To turn aside; to turn off from any course or intended application; to deflect; as, to divert a river from its channel; to divert commerce from its usual course.
Divert	To turn away from any occupation, business, or study; to cause to have lively and agreeable sensations; to amuse; to entertain; as, children are diverted with sports; men are diverted with works of wit and humor.
Divert	To turn aside; to digress.
Diverter	One who, or that which, diverts, turns off, or pleases.
Divertible	Capable of being diverted.
Diverticle	A turning; a byway; a bypath.
Diverticle	A diverticulum.
Diverticular	Pertaining to a diverticulum.
Diverticula	of Diverticulum
Diverticulum	A blind tube branching out of a longer one.
-ti	of Divertimento
Divertimento	A light and pleasing composition.
Diverting	Amusing; entertaining.
Divertise	To divert; to entertain.
Divertisement	Diversion; amusement; recreation.
Divertissement	A short ballet, or other entertainment, between the acts of a play.
Divertive	Tending to divert; diverting; amusing; interesting.
Dives	The name popularly given to the rich man in our Lord's parable of the "Rich Man and Lazarus" (Luke xvi. 19-31). Hence, a name for a rich worldling.
Divested	of Divest
Divesting	of Divest
Divest	To unclothe; to strip, as of clothes, arms, or equipage; -- opposed to invest.
Divest	Fig.: To strip; to deprive; to dispossess; as, to divest one of his rights or privileges; to divest one's self of prejudices, passions, etc.
Divest	See Devest.
Divestible	Capable of being divested.
Divestiture	The act of stripping, or depriving; the state of being divested; the deprivation, or surrender, of possession of property, rights, etc.
Divestment	The act of divesting.
Divesture	Divestiture.
Divet	See Divot.
Dividable	Capable of being divided; divisible.
Dividable	Divided; separated; parted.
Dividant	Different; distinct.
Divided	of Divide
Dividing	of Divide
Divide	To part asunder (a whole); to sever into two or more parts or pieces; to sunder; to separate into parts.
Divide	To cause to be separate; to keep apart by a partition, or by an imaginary line or limit; as, a wall divides two houses; a stream divides the towns.
Divide	To make partition of among a number; to apportion, as profits of stock among proprietors; to give in shares; to distribute; to mete out; to share.
Divide	To disunite in opinion or interest; to make discordant or hostile; to set at variance.
Divide	To separate into two parts, in order to ascertain the votes for and against a measure; as, to divide a legislative house upon a question.
Divide	To subject to arithmetical division.
Divide	To separate into species; -- said of a genus or generic term.
Divide	To mark divisions on; to graduate; as, to divide a sextant.
Divide	To play or sing in a florid style, or with variations.
Divide	To be separated; to part; to open; to go asunder.
Divide	To cause separation; to disunite.
Divide	To break friendship; to fall out.
Divide	To have a share; to partake.
Divide	To vote, as in the British Parliament, by the members separating themselves into two parties (as on opposite sides of the hall or in opposite lobbies), that is, the ayes dividing from the noes.
Divide	A dividing ridge of land between the tributaries of two streams; a watershed.
Divided	Parted; disunited; distributed.
Divided	Cut into distinct parts, by incisions which reach the midrib; -- said of a leaf.
Dividedly	Separately; in a divided manner.
Dividend	A sum of money to be divided and distributed; the share of a sum divided that falls to each individual; a distribute sum, share, or percentage; -- applied to the profits as appropriated among shareholders, and to assets as apportioned among creditors; as, the dividend of a bank, a railway corporation, or a bankrupt estate.
Dividend	A number or quantity which is to be divided.
Divident	Dividend; share.
Divider	One who, or that which, divides; that which separates anything into parts.
Divider	One who deals out to each his share.
Divider	One who, or that which, causes division.
Divider	An instrument for dividing lines, describing circles, etc., compasses. See Compasses.
Dividing	That divides; separating; marking divisions; graduating.
Dividingly	By division.
Divi-divi	A small tree of tropical America (Caesalpinia coriaria), whose legumes contain a large proportion of tannic and gallic acid, and are used by tanners and dyers.
Dividual	Divided, shared, or participated in, in common with others.
Dividually	By dividing.
Dividuous	Divided; dividual.
Divination	The act of divining; a foreseeing or foretelling of future events; the pretended art discovering secret or future by preternatural means.
Divination	An indication of what is future or secret; augury omen; conjectural presage; prediction.
Divinator	One who practices or pretends to divination; a diviner.
Divinatory	Professing, or relating to, divination.
Divine	Of or belonging to God; as, divine perfections; the divine will.
Divine	Proceeding from God; as, divine judgments.
Divine	Appropriated to God, or celebrating his praise; religious; pious; holy; as, divine service; divine songs; divine worship.
Divine	Pertaining to, or proceeding from, a deity; partaking of the nature of a god or the gods.
Divine	Godlike; heavenly; excellent in the highest degree; supremely admirable; apparently above what is human. In this application, the word admits of comparison; as, the divinest mind. Sir J. Davies.
Divine	Presageful; foreboding; prescient.
Divine	Relating to divinity or theology.
Divine	One skilled in divinity; a theologian.
Divine	A minister of the gospel; a priest; a clergyman.
Divined	of Divine
Divining	of Divine
Divine	To foresee or foreknow; to detect; to anticipate; to conjecture.
Divine	To foretell; to predict; to presage.
Divine	To render divine; to deify.
Divine	To use or practice divination; to foretell by divination; to utter prognostications.
Divine	To have or feel a presage or foreboding.
Divine	To conjecture or guess; as, to divine rightly.
Divinely	In a divine or godlike manner; holily; admirably or excellently in a supreme degree.
Divinely	By the agency or influence of God.
Divinement	Divination.
Divineness	The quality of being divine; superhuman or supreme excellence.
Diviner	One who professes divination; one who pretends to predict events, or to reveal occult things, by supernatural means.
Diviner	A conjecture; a guesser; one who makes out occult things.
Divineress	A woman who divines.
Diving	That dives or is used or diving.
Divinify	To render divine; to deify.
Divining	That divines; for divining.
Diviningly	In a divining manner.
Divinistre	A diviner.
Divinities	of Divinity
Divinity	The state of being divine; the nature or essence of God; deity; godhead.
Divinity	The Deity; the Supreme Being; God.
Divinity	A pretended deity of pagans; a false god.
Divinity	A celestial being, inferior to the supreme God, but superior to man.
Divinity	Something divine or superhuman; supernatural power or virtue; something which inspires awe.
Divinity	The science of divine things; the science which treats of God, his laws and moral government, and the way of salvation; theology.
Divinization	A making divine.
Divinize	To invest with a divine character; to deify.
Divisibility	The quality of being divisible; the property of bodies by which their parts are capable of separation.
Divisible	Capable of being divided or separated.
Divisible	A divisible substance.
Division	The act or process of diving anything into parts, or the state of being so divided; separation.
Division	That which divides or keeps apart; a partition.
Division	The portion separated by the divining of a mass or body; a distinct segment or section.
Division	Disunion; difference in opinion or feeling; discord; variance; alienation.
Division	Difference of condition; state of distinction; distinction; contrast.
Division	Separation of the members of a deliberative body, esp. of the Houses of Parliament, to ascertain the vote.
Division	The process of finding how many times one number or quantity is contained in another; the reverse of multiplication; also, the rule by which the operation is performed.
Division	The separation of a genus into its constituent species.
Division	Two or more brigades under the command of a general officer.
Division	Two companies of infantry maneuvering as one subdivision of a battalion.
Division	One of the larger districts into which a country is divided for administering military affairs.
Division	One of the groups into which a fleet is divided.
Division	A course of notes so running into each other as to form one series or chain, to be sung in one breath to one syllable.
Division	The distribution of a discourse into parts; a part so distinguished.
Division	A grade or rank in classification; a portion of a tribe or of a class; or, in some recent authorities, equivalent to a subkingdom.
Divisional	That divides; pertaining to, making, or noting, a division; as, a divisional line; a divisional general; a divisional surgeon of police.
Divisionally	So as to be divisional.
Divisionary	Divisional.
Divisionor	One who divides or makes division.
Divisive	Indicating division or distribution.
Divisive	Creating, or tending to create, division, separation, or difference.
Divisor	The number by which the dividend is divided.
Divorce	A legal dissolution of the marriage contract by a court or other body having competent authority. This is properly a divorce, and called, technically, divorce a vinculo matrimonii.
Divorce	The separation of a married woman from the bed and board of her husband -- divorce a mensa et toro (/ thoro), "from bed board."
Divorce	The decree or writing by which marriage is dissolved.
Divorce	Separation; disunion of things closely united.
Divorce	That which separates.
Divorced	of Divorce
Divorcing	of Divorce
Divorce	To dissolve the marriage contract of, either wholly or partially; to separate by divorce.
Divorce	To separate or disunite; to sunder.
Divorce	To make away; to put away.
Divorceable	Capable of being divorced.
Divorcee	A person divorced.
Divorceless	Incapable of being divorced or separated; free from divorce.
Divorcement	Dissolution of the marriage tie; divorce; separation.
Divorcer	The person or cause that produces or effects a divorce.
Divorcible	Divorceable.
Divorcive	Having power to divorce; tending to divorce.
Divot	A thin, oblong turf used for covering cottages, and also for fuel.
Divulgate	Published.
Divulgate	To divulge.
Divulgater	A divulger.
Divulgation	The act of divulging or publishing.
Divulged	of Divulge
Divulging	of Divulge
Divulge	To make public; to several or communicate to the public; to tell (a secret) so that it may become generally known; to disclose; -- said of that which had been confided as a secret, or had been before unknown; as, to divulge a secret.
Divulge	To indicate publicly; to proclaim.
Divulge	To impart; to communicate.
Divulge	To become publicly known.
Divulsive	Tending to pull asunder, tear, or rend; distracting.
Dixie	A colloquial name for the Southern portion of the United States, esp. during the Civil War.
Dizened	of Dizen
Dizening	of Dizen
Dizen	To dress; to attire.
Dizen	To dress gaudily; to overdress; to bedizen; to deck out.
Dizz	To make dizzy; to astonish; to puzzle.
Dizzard	A blockhead. [Obs.] [Written also dizard, and disard.]
Dizzily	In a dizzy manner or state.
Dizziness	Giddiness; a whirling sensation in the head; vertigo.
Dizzy	Having in the head a sensation of whirling, with a tendency to fall; vertiginous; giddy; hence, confused; indistinct.
Dizzy	Causing, or tending to cause, giddiness or vertigo.
Dizzy	Without distinct thought; unreflecting; thoughtless; heedless.
Dizzied	of Dizzy
Dizzying	of Dizzy
Dizzy	To make dizzy or giddy; to give the vertigo to; to confuse.
Djereed	Alt. of Djerrid
Djerrid	A blunt javelin used in military games in Moslem countries.
Djerrid	A game played with it.
Jjinn	of Djinnee
Djinns	of Djinnee
Djinnee	See Jinnee, Jinn.
Do.	An abbreviation of Ditto.
Do	A syllable attached to the first tone of the major diatonic scale for the purpose of solmization, or solfeggio. It is the first of the seven syllables used by the Italians as manes of musical tones, and replaced, for the sake of euphony, the syllable Ut, applied to the note C. In England and America the same syllables are used by mane as a scale pattern, while the tones in respect to absolute pitch are named from the first seven letters of the alphabet.
Din	of Do
Done	of Do
Doing	of Do
Do	To place; to put.
Do	To cause; to make; -- with an infinitive.
Do	To bring about; to produce, as an effect or result; to effect; to achieve.
Do	To perform, as an action; to execute; to transact to carry out in action; as, to do a good or a bad act; do our duty; to do what I can.
Do	To bring to an end by action; to perform completely; to finish; to accomplish; -- a sense conveyed by the construction, which is that of the past participle done.
Do	To make ready for an object, purpose, or use, as food by cooking; to cook completely or sufficiently; as, the meat is done on one side only.
Do	To put or bring into a form, state, or condition, especially in the phrases, to do death, to put to death; to slay; to do away (often do away with), to put away; to remove; to do on, to put on; to don; to do off, to take off, as dress; to doff; to do into, to put into the form of; to translate or transform into, as a text.
Do	To cheat; to gull; to overreach.
Do	To see or inspect; to explore; as, to do all the points of interest.
Do	To cash or to advance money for, as a bill or note.
Do	To act or behave in any manner; to conduct one's self.
Do	To fare; to be, as regards health; as, they asked him how he did; how do you do to-day?
Do	To succeed; to avail; to answer the purpose; to serve; as, if no better plan can be found, he will make this do.
Do	Deed; act; fear.
Do	Ado; bustle; stir; to do.
Do	A cheat; a swindle.
Doab	A tongue or tract of land included between two rivers; as, the doab between the Ganges and the Jumna.
Doable	Capable of being done.
Do-all	General manager; factotum.
Doand	Doing.
Doat	See Dote.
Dobber	See Dabchick.
Dobber	A float to a fishing line.
Dobbin	An old jaded horse.
Dobbin	Sea gravel mixed with sand.
Dobchick	See Dabchick.
Dobson	The aquatic larva of a large neuropterous insect (Corydalus cornutus), used as bait in angling. See Hellgamite.
Dobule	The European dace.
Docent	Serving to instruct; teaching.
Docetae	Ancient heretics who held that Christ's body was merely a phantom or appearance.
Docetic	Pertaining to, held by, or like, the Docetae.
Docetism	The doctrine of the Docetae.
Dochmiac	Pertaining to, or containing, the dochmius.
Dochmius	A foot of five syllables (usually / -- -/ -).
Docibility	Alt. of Docibleness
Docibleness	Aptness for being taught; teachableness; docility.
Docible	Easily taught or managed; teachable.
Docile	Teachable; easy to teach; docible.
Docile	Disposed to be taught; tractable; easily managed; as, a docile child.
Docility	teachableness; aptness for being taught; docibleness.
Docility	Willingness to be taught; tractableness.
Docimacy	The art or practice of applying tests to ascertain the nature, quality, etc., of objects, as of metals or ores, of medicines, or of facts pertaining to physiology.
Docimastic	Proving by experiments or tests.
Docimology	A treatise on the art of testing, as in assaying metals, etc.
Docity	Teachableness.
Dock	A genus of plants (Rumex), some species of which are well-known weeds which have a long taproot and are difficult of extermination.
Dock	The solid part of an animal's tail, as distinguished from the hair; the stump of a tail; the part of a tail left after clipping or cutting.
Dock	A case of leather to cover the clipped or cut tail of a horse.
Docked	of Dock
Docking	of Dock
Dock	to cut off, as the end of a thing; to curtail; to cut short; to clip; as, to dock the tail of a horse.
Dock	To cut off a part from; to shorten; to deduct from; to subject to a deduction; as, to dock one's wages.
Dock	To cut off, bar, or destroy; as, to dock an entail.
Dock	An artificial basin or an inclosure in connection with a harbor or river, -- used for the reception of vessels, and provided with gates for keeping in or shutting out the tide.
Dock	The slip or water way extending between two piers or projecting wharves, for the reception of ships; -- sometimes including the piers themselves; as, to be down on the dock.
Dock	The place in court where a criminal or accused person stands.
Dock	To draw, law, or place (a ship) in a dock, for repairing, cleaning the bottom, etc.
Dockage	A charge for the use of a dock.
Dock-cress	Nipplewort.
Docket	A small piece of paper or parchment, containing the heads of a writing; a summary or digest.
Docket	A bill tied to goods, containing some direction, as the name of the owner, or the place to which they are to be sent; a label.
Docket	An abridged entry of a judgment or proceeding in an action, or register or such entries; a book of original, kept by clerks of courts, containing a formal list of the names of parties, and minutes of the proceedings, in each case in court.
Docket	A list or calendar of causes ready for hearing or trial, prepared for the use of courts by the clerks.
Docket	A list or calendar of business matters to be acted on in any assembly.
Docketed	of Docket
Docketing	of Docket
Docket	To make a brief abstract of  (a writing) and indorse it on the back of the paper, or to indorse the title or contents on the back of; to summarize; as, to docket letters and papers.
Docket	To make a brief abstract of and inscribe in a book; as, judgments regularly docketed.
Docket	To enter or inscribe in a docket, or list of causes for trial.
Docket	To mark with a ticket; as, to docket goods.
Dockyard	A yard or storage place for all sorts of naval stores and timber for shipbuilding.
Docoglossa	An order of gastropods, including the true limpets, and having the teeth on the odontophore or lingual ribbon.
Docquet	See Docket.
Doctor	A teacher; one skilled in a profession, or branch of knowledge learned man.
Doctor	An academical title, originally meaning a men so well versed in his department as to be qualified to teach it. Hence: One who has taken the highest degree conferred by a university or college, or has received a diploma of the highest degree; as, a doctor of divinity, of law, of medicine, of music, or of philosophy. Such diplomas may confer an honorary title only.
Doctor	One duly licensed to practice medicine; a member of the medical profession; a physician.
Doctor	Any mechanical contrivance intended to remedy a difficulty or serve some purpose in an exigency; as, the doctor of a calico-printing machine, which is a knife to remove superfluous coloring matter; the doctor, or auxiliary engine, called also donkey engine.
Doctor	The friar skate.
Doctored	of Doctor
Doctoring	of Doctor
Doctor	To treat as a physician does; to apply remedies to; to repair; as, to doctor a sick man or a broken cart.
Doctor	To confer a doctorate upon; to make a doctor.
Doctor	To tamper with and arrange for one's own purposes; to falsify; to adulterate; as, to doctor election returns; to doctor whisky.
Doctor	To practice physic.
Doctoral	Of or relating to a doctor, or to the degree of doctor.
Doctorally	In the manner of a doctor.
Doctorate	The degree, title, or rank, of a doctor.
Doctorate	To make (one) a doctor.
Doctoress	A female doctor.
Doctorly	Like a doctor or learned man.
Doctorship	Doctorate.
Doctress	A female doctor.
Doctrinable	Of the nature of, or constituting, doctrine.
Doctrinaire	One who would apply to political or other practical concerns the abstract doctrines or the theories of his own philosophical system; a propounder of a new set of opinions; a dogmatic theorist. Used also adjectively; as, doctrinaire notions.
Doctrinal	Pertaining to, or containing, doctrine or something taught and to be believed; as, a doctrinal observation.
Doctrinal	Pertaining to, or having to do with, teaching.
Doctrinal	A matter of doctrine; also, a system of doctrines.
Doctrinally	In a doctrinal manner or for; by way of teaching or positive direction.
Doctrinarian	A doctrinaire.
Doctrinarianism	The principles or practices of the Doctrinaires.
Doctrine	Teaching; instruction.
Doctrine	That which is taught; what is held, put forth as true, and supported by a teacher, a school, or a sect; a principle or position, or the body of principles, in any branch of knowledge; any tenet or dogma; a principle of faith; as, the doctrine of atoms; the doctrine of chances.
Document	That which is taught or authoritatively set forth; precept; instruction; dogma.
Document	An example for instruction or warning.
Document	An original or official paper relied upon as the basis, proof, or support of anything else; -- in its most extended sense, including any writing, book, or other instrument conveying information in the case; any material substance on which the thoughts of men are represented by any species of conventional mark or symbol.
Document	To teach; to school.
Document	To furnish with documents or papers necessary to establish facts or give information; as, a a ship should be documented according to the directions of law.
Documental	Of or pertaining to instruction.
Documental	Of or pertaining to written evidence; documentary; as, documental testimony.
Documentary	Pertaining to written evidence; contained or certified in writing.
Dodd	Alt. of Dod
Dod	To cut off, as wool from sheep's tails; to lop or clip off.
Doddart	A game much like hockey, played in an open field; also, the, bent stick for playing the game.
Dodded	Without horns; as, dodded cattle; without beards; as, dodded corn.
Dodder	A plant of the genus Cuscuta. It is a leafless parasitical vine with yellowish threadlike stems. It attaches itself to some other plant, as to flax, goldenrod, etc., and decaying at the root, is nourished by the plant that supports it.
Dodder	To shake, tremble, or totter.
Doddered	Shattered; infirm.
Dodecagon	A figure or polygon bounded by twelve sides and containing twelve angles.
Dodecagynia	A Linnaean order of plants having twelve styles.
Dodecagynian	Alt. of Dodecagynous
Dodecagynous	Of or pertaining to the Dodecagynia; having twelve styles.
Dodecahedral	Pertaining to, or like, a dodecahedion; consisting of twelve equal sides.
Dodecahedron	A solid having twelve faces.
Dodecandria	A Linnaean class of plants including all that have any number of stamens between twelve and nineteen.
Dodecandrian	Alt. of Dodecandrous
Dodecandrous	Of or pertaining to the Dodecandria; having twelve stamens, or from twelve to nineteen.
Dodecane	Any one of a group of thick oily hydrocarbons, C12H26, of the paraffin series.
Dodecastyle	Having twelve columns in front.
Dodecastyle	A dodecastyle portico, or building.
Dodecasyllabic	Having twelve syllables.
Dodecasyllable	A word consisting of twelve syllables.
Dodecatemory	A tern applied to the twelve houses, or parts, of the zodiac of the primum mobile, to distinguish them from the twelve signs; also, any one of the twelve signs of the zodiac.
Dodged	of Dodge
Dodging	of Dodge
Dodge	To start suddenly aside, as to avoid a blow or a missile; to shift place by a sudden start.
Dodge	To evade a duty by low craft; to practice mean shifts; to use tricky devices; to play fast and loose; to quibble.
Dodge	To evade by a sudden shift of place; to escape by starting aside; as, to dodge a blow aimed or a ball thrown.
Dodge	Fig.: To evade by craft; as, to dodge a question; to dodge responsibility.
Dodge	To follow by dodging, or suddenly shifting from place to place.
Dodge	The act of evading by some skillful movement; a sudden starting aside; hence, an artful device to evade, deceive, or cheat; a cunning trick; an artifice.
Dodger	One who dodges or evades; one who plays fast and loose, or uses tricky devices.
Dodger	A small handbill.
Dodger	See Corndodger.
Dodgery	trickery; artifice.
Dodipate	Alt. of Dodipoll
Dodipoll	A stupid person; a fool; a blockhead.
Dodkin	A doit; a small coin.
Dodman	A snail; also, a snail shell; a hodmandod.
Dodman	Any shellfish which casts its shell, as a lobster.
Dodoes	of Dodo
Dodo	A large, extinct bird (Didus ineptus), formerly inhabiting the Island of Mauritius. It had short, half-fledged wings, like those of the ostrich, and a short neck and legs; -- called also dronte. It was related to the pigeons.
Doe	A female deer or antelope; specifically, the female of the fallow deer, of which the male is called a buck.  Also applied to the female of other animals, as the rabbit. See the Note under Buck.
Doe	A feat. [Obs.] See Do, n.
Doeglic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, the doegling; as, doeglic acid (Chem.), an oily substance resembling oleic acid.
Doegling	The beaked whale (Balaenoptera rostrata), from which doegling oil is obtained.
Doer	One who does; one performs or executes; one who is wont and ready to act; an actor; an agent.
Doer	An agent or attorney; a factor.
Does	The 3d pers. sing. pres. of Do.
Doeskin	The skin of the doe.
Doeskin	A firm woolen cloth with a smooth, soft surface like a doe's skin; -- made for men's wear.
Doffed	of Doff
Doffing	of Doff
Doff	To put off, as dress; to divest one's self of; hence, figuratively, to put or thrust away; to rid one's self of.
Doff	To strip; to divest; to undress.
Doff	To put off dress; to take off the hat.
Doffer	A revolving cylinder, or a vibrating bar with teeth, in a carding machine, which doffs, or strips off, the cotton from the cards.
Dog	A quadruped of the genus Canis, esp. the domestic dog (C. familiaris).
Dog	A mean, worthless fellow; a wretch.
Dog	A fellow; -- used humorously or contemptuously; as, a sly dog; a lazy dog.
Dog	One of the two constellations, Canis Major and Canis Minor, or the Greater Dog and the Lesser Dog. Canis Major contains the Dog Star (Sirius).
Dog	An iron for holding wood in a fireplace; a firedog; an andiron.
Dog	A grappling iron, with a claw or claws, for fastening into wood or other heavy articles, for the purpose of raising or moving them.
Dog	An iron with fangs fastening a log in a saw pit, or on the carriage of a sawmill.
Dog	A piece in machinery acting as a catch or clutch; especially, the carrier of a lathe, also, an adjustable stop to change motion, as in a machine tool.
Dogged	of Dog
Dogging	of Dog
Dog	To hunt or track like a hound; to follow insidiously or indefatigably; to chase with a dog or dogs; to worry, as if by dogs; to hound with importunity.
Dogal	Of or pertaining to a doge.
Dogate	The office or dignity of a doge.
Dogbane	A small genus of perennial herbaceous plants, with poisonous milky juice, bearing slender pods pods in pairs.
Dog bee	A male or drone bee.
Dogberry	The berry of the dogwood; -- called also dogcherry.
Dogbolt	The bolt of the cap-square over the trunnion of a cannon.
Dog-brier	The dog-rose.
Dogcart	A light one-horse carriage, commonly two-wheeled, patterned after a cart. The original dogcarts used in England by sportsmen had a box at the back for carrying dogs.
Dog day	Alt. of Dogday
Dogday	One of the dog days.
Dog days	A period of from four to six weeks, in the summer, variously placed by almanac makers between the early part of July and the early part of September; canicular days; -- so called in reference to the rising in ancient times of the Dog Star (Sirius) with the sun. Popularly, the sultry, close part of the summer.
Dogdraw	The act of drawing after, or pursuing, deer with a dog.
Doge	The chief magistrate in the republics of Venice and Genoa.
Dog-eared	Having the corners of the leaves turned down and soiled by careless or long-continued usage; -- said of a book.
Dogeate	Dogate.
Dogeless	Without a doge.
Dog-faced	Having a face resembling that of a dog.
Dog fancier	One who has an unusual fancy for, or interest in, dogs; also, one who deals in dogs.
Dogfish	A small shark, of many species, of the genera Mustelus, Scyllium, Spinax, etc.
Dogfish	The bowfin (Amia calva). See Bowfin.
Dogfish	The burbot of Lake Erie.
Dog-fox	A male fox. See the Note under Dog, n., 6.
Dog-fox	The Arctic or blue fox; -- a name also applied to species of the genus Cynalopex.
Dogged	Sullen; morose.
Dogged	Sullenly obstinate; obstinately determined or persistent; as, dogged resolution; dogged work.
Doggedly	In a dogged manner; sullenly; with obstinate resolution.
Doggedness	Sullenness; moroseness.
Doggedness	Sullen or obstinate determination; grim resolution or persistence.
Dogger	A two-masted fishing vessel, used by the Dutch.
Dogger	A sort of stone, found in the mines with the true alum rock, chiefly of silica and iron.
Doggerel	Low in style, and irregular in measure; as, doggerel rhymes.
Doggerel	A sort of loose or irregular verse; mean or undignified poetry.
Doggerman	A sailor belonging to a dogger.
Dogget	Docket. See Docket.
Doggish	Like a dog; having the bad qualities of a dog; churlish; growling; brutal.
Doggrel	Same as Doggerel.
Dog-headed	Having a head shaped like that of a dog; -- said of certain baboons.
Dog-hearted	Inhuman; cruel.
Doghole	A place fit only for dogs; a vile, mean habitation or apartment.
dog-legged	Noting a flight of stairs, consisting of two or more straight portions connected by a platform (landing) or platforms, and running in opposite directions without an intervening wellhole.
Dogmas	of Dogma
Dogmata	of Dogma
Dogma	That which is held as an opinion; a tenet; a doctrine.
Dogma	A formally stated and authoritatively settled doctrine; a definite, established, and authoritative tenet.
Dogma	A doctrinal notion asserted without regard to evidence or truth; an arbitrary dictum.
Dogmatic	One of an ancient sect of physicians who went by general principles; -- opposed to the Empiric.
Dogmatic	Alt. of Dogmatical
Dogmatical	Pertaining to a dogma, or to an established and authorized doctrine or tenet.
Dogmatical	Asserting a thing positively and authoritatively; positive; magisterial; hence, arrogantly authoritative; overbearing.
Dogmatically	In a dogmatic manner; positively; magisterially.
Dogmaticalness	The quality of being dogmatical; positiveness.
Dogmatician	A dogmatist.
Dogmatics	The science which treats of Christian doctrinal theology.
Dogmatism	The manner or character of a dogmatist; arrogance or positiveness in stating opinion.
Dogmatist	One who dogmatizes; one who speaks dogmatically; a bold and arrogant advancer of principles.
Dogmatized	of Dogmatize
Dogmatizing	of Dogmatize
Dogmatize	To assert positively; to teach magisterially or with bold and undue confidence; to advance with arrogance.
Dogmatize	To deliver as a dogma.
Dogmatizer	One who dogmatizes; a bold asserter; a magisterial teacher.
Dog-rose	A common European wild rose, with single pink or white flowers.
Dog's-bane	See Dogbane.
Dog's-ear	The corner of a leaf, in a book, turned down like the ear of a dog.
Dogship	The character, or individuality, of a dog.
Dogshore	One of several shores used to hold a ship firmly and prevent her moving while the blocks are knocked away before launching.
Dogsick	Sick as a dog sometimes is very sick.
Dogskin	The skin of a dog, or leather made of the skin. Also used adjectively.
Dogsleep	Pretended sleep.
Dogsleep	The fitful naps taken when all hands are kept up by stress.
Dog's-tail grass	A hardy species of British grass (Cynosurus cristatus) which abounds in grass lands, and is well suited for making straw plait; -- called also goldseed.
Dog Star	Sirius, a star of the constellation Canis Major, or the Greater Dog, and the brightest star in the heavens; -- called also Canicula, and, in astronomical charts, / Canis Majoris. See Dog days.
Dog's-tongue	Hound's-tongue.
Dogtie	A cramp.
Dogteeth	of Dogtooth
Dogtooth	See Canine tooth, under Canine.
Dogtooth	An ornament common in Gothic architecture, consisting of pointed projections resembling teeth; -- also called tooth ornament.
Dogtrick	A gentle trot, like that of a dog.
Dogvane	A small vane of bunting, feathers, or any other light material, carried at the masthead to indicate the direction of the wind.
Dogwatch	A half watch; a watch of two hours, of which there are two, the first dogwatch from 4 to 6 o'clock, p. m., and the second dogwatch from 6 to 8 o'clock, p. m.
Dog-weary	Extremely weary.
Dogwood	The Cornus, a genus of large shrubs or small trees, the wood of which is exceedingly hard, and serviceable for many purposes.
Dohtren	Daughters.
Doily	A kind of woolen stuff.
Doily	A small napkin, used at table with the fruit, etc.; -- commonly colored and fringed.
Doings	of Doing
Doing	Anything done; a deed; an action good or bad; hence, in the plural, conduct; behavior. See Do.
Doit	A small Dutch coin, worth about half a farthing; also, a similar small coin once used in Scotland; hence, any small piece of money.
Doit	A thing of small value; as, I care not a doit.
Doitkin	A very small coin; a doit.
Dokimastic	Docimastic.
Doko	See Lepidosiren.
Dolabra	A rude ancient ax or hatchet, seen in museums.
Dolabriform	Shaped like the head of an ax or hatchet, as some leaves, and also certain organs of some shellfish.
Dolce	Alt. of Dolcemente
Dolcemente	Softly; sweetly; with soft, smooth, and delicate execution.
Dolcino	Alt. of Dulcino
Dulcino	A small bassoon, formerly much used.
Doldrums	A part of the ocean near the equator, abounding in calms, squalls, and light, baffling winds, which sometimes prevent all progress for weeks; -- so called by sailors.
Dole	grief; sorrow; lamentation.
Dole	See Dolus.
Dole	Distribution; dealing; apportionment.
Dole	That which is dealt out; a part, share, or portion also, a scanty share or allowance.
Dole	Alms; charitable gratuity or portion.
Dole	A boundary; a landmark.
Dole	A void space left in tillage.
Doled	of Dole
Doling	of Dole
Dole	To deal out in small portions; to distribute, as a dole; to deal out scantily or grudgingly.
Doleful	Full of dole or grief; expressing or exciting sorrow; sorrowful; sad; dismal.
Dolent	Sorrowful.
Dolente	Plaintively. See Doloroso.
Dolerite	A dark-colored, basic, igneous rock, composed essentially of pyroxene and a triclinic feldspar with magnetic iron. By many authors it is considered equivalent to a coarse-grained basalt.
Doleritic	Of the nature of dolerite; as, much lava is doleritic lava.
Dolesome	Doleful; dismal; gloomy; sorrowful.
Dolf	of Delve.
Dolichocephalic	Alt. of Dolichocephalous
Dolichocephalous	Having the cranium, or skull, long to its breadth; long-headed; -- opposed to brachycephalic.
Dolichocephaly	Alt. of Dolichocephalism
Dolichocephalism	The quality or condition of being dolichocephalic.
Dolioform	Barrel-shaped, or like a cask in form.
Doliolum	A genus of freeswimming oceanic tunicates, allied to Salpa, and having alternate generations.
Do-little	One who performs little though professing much.
Dolium	A genus of large univalve mollusks, including the partridge shell and tun shells.
Doll	A child's puppet; a toy baby for a little girl.
Dollar	A silver coin of the United States containing 371.25 grains of silver and 41.25 grains of alloy, that is, having a total weight of 412.5 grains.
Dollar	A gold coin of the United States containing 23.22 grains of gold and 2.58 grains of alloy, that is, having a total weight of 25.8 grains, nine-tenths fine. It is no longer coined.
Dollar	A coin of the same general weight and value, though differing slightly in different countries, current in Mexico, Canada, parts of South America, also in Spain, and several other European countries.
Dollar	The value of a dollar; the unit commonly employed in the United States in reckoning money values.
Dollardee	A species of sunfish (Lepomis pallidus), common in the United States; -- called also blue sunfish, and copper-nosed bream.
Dollman	See Dolman.
Dollies	of Dolly
Dolly	A contrivance, turning on a vertical axis by a handle or winch, and giving a circular motion to the ore to be washed; a stirrer.
Dolly	A tool with an indented head for shaping the head of a rivet.
Dolly	In pile driving, a block interposed between the head of the pile and the ram of the driver.
Dolly	A small truck with a single wide roller used for moving heavy beams, columns, etc., in bridge building.
Dolly	A compact, narrow-gauge locomotive used for moving construction trains, switching, etc.
Dolly	A child's mane for a doll.
Dolly Varden	A character in Dickens's novel "Barnaby Rudge," a beautiful, lively, and coquettish girl who wore a cherry-colored mantle and cherry-colored ribbons.
Dolly Varden	A style of light, bright-figured dress goods for women; also, a style of dress.
Dolman	A long robe or outer garment, with long sleeves, worn by the Turks.
Dolman	A cloak of a peculiar fashion worn by women.
Dolmen	A cromlech. See Cromlech.
Dolomite	A mineral consisting of the carbonate of lime and magnesia in varying proportions. It occurs in distinct crystals, and in extensive beds as a compact limestone, often crystalline granular, either white or clouded. It includes much of the common white marble. Also called bitter spar.
Dolomitic	Pertaining to dolomite.
Dolomize	To convert into dolomite.
Dolor	Pain; grief; distress; anguish.
Doloriferous	Producing pain.
Dolorific	Alt. of Dolorifical
Dolorifical	Causing pain or grief.
Doloroso	Plaintive; pathetic; -- used adverbially as a musical direction.
Dolorous	Full of grief; sad; sorrowful; doleful; dismal; as, a dolorous object; dolorous discourses.
Dolorous	Occasioning pain or grief; painful.
Dolphin	A cetacean of the genus Delphinus and allied genera (esp. D. delphis); the true dolphin.
Dolphin	The Coryphaena hippuris, a fish of about five feet in length, celebrated for its surprising changes of color when dying. It is the fish commonly known as the dolphin. See Coryphaenoid.
Dolphin	A mass of iron or lead hung from the yardarm, in readiness to be dropped on the deck of an enemy's vessel.
Dolphin	A kind of wreath or strap of plaited cordage.
Dolphin	A spar or buoy held by an anchor and furnished with a ring to which ships may fasten their cables.
Dolphin	A mooring post on a wharf or beach.
Dolphin	A permanent fender around a heavy boat just below the gunwale.
Dolphin	In old ordnance, one of the handles above the trunnions by which the gun was lifted.
Dolphin	A small constellation between Aquila and Pegasus. See Delphinus, n., 2.
Dolphinet	A female dolphin.
Dolt	A heavy, stupid fellow; a blockhead; a numskull; an ignoramus; a dunce; a dullard.
Dolt	To behave foolishly.
Doltish	Doltlike; dull in intellect; stupid; blockish; as, a doltish clown.
Dolus	Evil intent, embracing both malice and fraud. See Culpa.
Dolven	of Delve.
-dom	A suffix denoting
-dom	Jurisdiction or property and jurisdiction, dominion, as in kingdom earldom.
-dom	State, condition, or quality of being, as in wisdom, freedom.
Dom	A title anciently given to the pope, and later to other church dignitaries and some monastic orders. See Don, and Dan.
Dom	In Portugal and Brazil, the title given to a member of the higher classes.
Domable	Capable of being tamed; tamable.
Domableness	Tamableness.
Domage	Damage; hurt.
Domage	Subjugation.
Domain	Dominion; empire; authority.
Domain	The territory over which dominion or authority is exerted; the possessions of a sovereign or commonwealth, or the like. Also used figuratively.
Domain	Landed property; estate; especially, the land about the mansion house of a lord, and in his immediate occupancy; demesne.
Domain	Ownership of land; an estate or patrimony which one has in his own right; absolute proprietorship; paramount or sovereign ownership.
Domal	Pertaining to a house.
Domanial	Of or relating to a domain or to domains.
Dome	A building; a house; an edifice; -- used chiefly in poetry.
Dome	A cupola formed on a large scale.
Dome	Any erection resembling the dome or cupola of a building; as the upper part of a furnace, the vertical steam chamber on the top of a boiler, etc.
Dome	A prism formed by planes parallel to a lateral axis which meet above in a horizontal edge, like the roof of a house; also, one of the planes of such a form.
Dome	Decision; judgment; opinion; a court decision.
Domebook	A book said to have been compiled under the direction of King Alfred. It is supposed to have contained the principal maxims of the common law, the penalties for misdemeanors, and the forms of judicial proceedings. Domebook was probably a general name for book of judgments.
Domed	Furnished with a dome; shaped like a dome.
Domesday	A day of judgment. See Doomsday.
Domesmen	of Domesman
Domesman	A judge; an umpire.
Domestic	Of or pertaining to one's house or home, or one's household or family; relating to home life; as, domestic concerns, life, duties, cares, happiness, worship, servants.
Domestic	Of or pertaining to a nation considered as a family or home, or to one's own country; intestine; not foreign; as, foreign wars and domestic dissensions.
Domestic	Remaining much at home; devoted to home duties or pleasures; as, a domestic man or woman.
Domestic	Living in or near the habitations of man; domesticated; tame as distinguished from wild; as, domestic animals.
Domestic	Made in one's own house, nation, or country; as, domestic manufactures, wines, etc.
Domestic	One who lives in the family of an other, as hired household assistant; a house servant.
Domestic	Articles of home manufacture, especially cotton goods.
Domestical	Domestic.
Domestical	A family; a household.
Domestically	In a domestic manner; privately; with reference to domestic affairs.
Domesticant	Forming part of the same family.
Domesticated	of Domesticate
Domesticating.	of Domesticate
Domesticate	To make domestic; to habituate to home life; as, to domesticate one's self.
Domesticate	To cause to be, as it were, of one's family or country; as, to domesticate a foreign custom or word.
Domesticate	To tame or reclaim from a wild state; as, to domesticate wild animals; to domesticate a plant.
Domestication	The act of domesticating, or accustoming to home; the action of taming wild animals.
Domesticator	One who domesticates.
Domesticity	The state of being domestic; domestic character; household life.
Domett	A kind of baize of which the ward is cotton and the weft woolen.
Domeykite	A massive mineral of tin-white or steel-gray color, an arsenide of copper.
Domical	Relating to, or shaped like, a dome.
Domicile	An abode or mansion; a place of permanent residence, either of an individual or a family.
Domicile	A residence at a particular place accompanied with an intention to remain there for an unlimited time; a residence accepted as a final abode.
Domiciled	of Domicile
Domiciling	of Domicile
Domicile	To establish in a fixed residence, or a residence that constitutes habitancy; to domiciliate.
Domiciliar	A member of a household; a domestic.
Domicillary	Of or pertaining to a domicile, or the residence of a person or family.
Domiciliated	of Domiciliate
Domiciliating	of Domiciliate
Domiciliate	To establish in a permanent residence; to domicile.
Domiciliate	To domesticate.
Domiciliation	The act of domiciliating; permanent residence; inhabitancy.
Domiculture	The art of house-keeping, cookery, etc.
Domify	To divide, as the heavens, into twelve houses. See House, in astrological sense.
Domify	To tame; to domesticate.
Domina	Lady; a lady; -- a title formerly given to noble ladies who held a barony in their own right.
Dominance	Alt. of Dominancy
Dominancy	Predominance; ascendency; authority.
Dominant	Ruling; governing; prevailing; controlling; predominant; as, the dominant party, church, spirit, power.
Dominant	The fifth tone of the scale; thus G is the dominant of C, A of D, and so on.
Dominated	of Dominate
Dominating	of Dominate
Dominate	To predominate over; to rule; to govern.
Dominate	To be dominant.
Domination	The act of dominating; exercise of power in ruling; dominion; supremacy; authority; often, arbitrary or insolent sway.
Domination	A ruling party; a party in power.
Domination	A high order of angels in the celestial hierarchy; -- a meaning given by the schoolmen.
Dominative	Governing; ruling; imperious.
Dominator	A ruler or ruling power.
Domine	A name given to a pastor of the Reformed Church. The word is also applied locally in the United States, in colloquial speech, to any clergyman.
Domine	A West Indian fish (Epinula magistralis), of the family Trichiuridae. It is a long-bodied, voracious fish.
Domineered	of Domineer
Domineering	of Domineer
Domineer	To rule with insolence or arbitrary sway; to play the master; to be overbearing; to tyrannize; to bluster; to swell with conscious superiority or haughtiness; -- often with over; as, to domineer over dependents.
Domineering	Ruling arrogantly; overbearing.
Dominical	Indicating, or pertaining to, the Lord's day, or Sunday.
Dominical	Relating to, or given by, our Lord; as, the dominical (or Lord's) prayer.
Dominical	The Lord's day or Sunday; also, the Lord's prayer.
Dominican	Of or pertaining to St. Dominic (Dominic de Guzman), or to the religions communities named from him.
Dominican	One of an order of mendicant monks founded by Dominic de Guzman, in 1215. A province of the order was established in England in 1221. The first foundation in the United States was made in 1807. The Master of the Sacred Palace at Rome is always a Dominican friar. The Dominicans are called also preaching friars, friars preachers, black friars (from their black cloak), brothers of St. Mary, and in France, Jacobins.
Dominicide	The act of killing a master.
Dominicide	One who kills his master.
Dominie	A schoolmaster; a pedagogue.
Dominie	A clergyman. See Domine, 1.
Dominion	Sovereign or supreme authority; the power of governing and controlling; independent right of possession, use, and control; sovereignty; supremacy.
Dominion	Superior prominence; predominance; ascendency.
Dominion	That which is governed; territory over which authority is exercised; the tract, district, or county, considered as subject; as, the dominions of a king. Also used figuratively; as, the dominion of the passions.
Dominion	A supposed high order of angels; dominations. See Domination, 3.
Dominos	of Domino
Dominoes	of Domino
Domino	A kind of hood worn by the canons of a cathedral church; a sort of amice.
Domino	A mourning veil formerly worn by women.
Domino	A kind of mask; particularly, a half mask worn at masquerades, to conceal the upper part of the face. Dominos were formerly worn by ladies in traveling.
Domino	A costume worn as a disguise at masquerades, consisting of a robe with a hood adjustable at pleasure.
Domino	A person wearing a domino.
Domino	A game played by two or more persons, with twenty-eight pieces of wood, bone, or ivory, of a flat, oblong shape, plain at the back, but on the face divided by a line in the middle, and either left blank or variously dotted after the manner of dice. The game is played by matching the spots or the blank of an unmatched half of a domino already played
Domino	One of the pieces with which the game of dominoes is played.
Domini	of Dominus
Dominus	Master; sir; -- a title of respect formerly applied to a knight or a clergyman, and sometimes to the lord of a manor.
Domitable	That can be tamed.
Domite	A grayish variety of trachyte; -- so called from the Puy-de-Dome in Auvergne, France, where it is found.
Don	Sir; Mr; Signior; -- a title in Spain, formerly given to noblemen and gentlemen only, but now common to all classes.
Don	A grand personage, or one making pretension to consequence; especially, the head of a college, or one of the fellows at the English universities.
Donned	of Don
Donning	of Don
Don	To put on; to dress in; to invest one's self with.
Doa	Lady; mistress; madam; -- a title of respect used in Spain, prefixed to the Christian name of a lady.
Donable	Capable of being donated or given.
Donary	A thing given to a sacred use.
Donat	A grammar.
Donatary	See Donatory.
Donated	of Donate
Donating	of Donate
Donate	To give; to bestow; to present; as, to donate fifty thousand dollars to a college.
Donation	The act of giving or bestowing; a grant.
Donation	That which is given as a present; that which is transferred to another gratuitously; a gift.
Donation	The act or contract by which a person voluntarily transfers the title to a thing of which be is the owner, from himself to another, without any consideration, as a free gift.
Donatism	The tenets of the Donatists.
Donatist	A follower of Donatus, the leader of a body of North African schismatics and purists, who greatly disturbed the church in the 4th century. They claimed to be the true church.
Donatistic	Pertaining to Donatism.
Donative	A gift; a largess; a gratuity; a present.
Donative	A benefice conferred on a person by the founder or patron, without either presentation or institution by the ordinary, or induction by his orders. See the Note under Benefice, n., 3.
Donative	Vested or vesting by donation; as, a donative advowson.
Donator	One who makes a gift; a donor; a giver.
Donatory	A donee of the crown; one the whom, upon certain condition, escheated property is made over.
Do-naught	A lazy, good-for-nothing fellow.
Donax	A canelike grass of southern Europe (Arundo Donax), used for fishing rods, etc.
Doncella	A handsome fish of Florida and the West Indies (Platyglossus radiatus). The name is applied also to the ladyfish (Harpe rufa) of the same region.
Done	p. p. from Do, and formerly the infinitive.
Done	Performed; executed; finished.
Done	It is done or agreed; let it be a match or bargain; -- used elliptically.
Done	Given; executed; issued; made public; -- used chiefly in the clause giving the date of a proclamation or public act.
Donee	The person to whom a gift or donation is made.
Donee	Anciently, one to whom lands were given; in later use, one to whom lands and tenements are given in tail; in modern use, one on whom a power is conferred for execution; -- sometimes called the appointor.
Donet	Same as Donat. Piers Plowman.
Doni	A clumsy craft, having one mast with a long sail, used for trading purposes on the coasts of Coromandel and Ceylon.
Doniferous	Bearing gifts.
Donjon	The chief tower, also called the keep; a massive tower in ancient castles, forming the strongest part of the fortifications. See Illust. of Castle.
Donkeys	of Donkey
Donkey	An ass; or (less frequently) a mule.
Donkey	A stupid or obstinate fellow; an ass.
Donna	A lady; madam; mistress; -- the title given a lady in Italy.
Donnat	See Do-naught.
Donnism	Self-importance; loftiness of carriage.
Donor	One who gives or bestows; one who confers anything gratuitously; a benefactor.
Donor	One who grants an estate; in later use, one who confers a power; -- the opposite of donee.
Do-nothing	Doing nothing; inactive; idle; lazy; as, a do-nothing policy.
Do-nothingism	Alt. of Do-nothingness
Do-nothingness	Inactivity; habitual sloth; idleness.
Donship	The quality or rank of a don, gentleman, or knight.
Donzel	A young squire, or knight's attendant; a page.
Doo	A dove.
Doob grass	A perennial, creeping grass (Cynodon dactylon), highly prized, in Hindostan, as food for cattle, and acclimated in the United States.
Doodle	A trifler; a simple fellow.
Doodlesack	The Scotch bagpipe.
Doole	Sorrow; dole.
Doolies	of Dooly
Dooly	A kind of litter suspended from men's shoulders, for carrying persons or things; a palanquin.
Doom	Judgment; judicial sentence; penal decree; condemnation.
Doom	That to which one is doomed or sentenced; destiny or fate, esp. unhappy destiny; penalty.
Doom	Ruin; death.
Doom	Discriminating opinion or judgment; discrimination; discernment; decision.
Doomed	of Doom
Dooming	of Doom
Doom	To judge; to estimate or determine as a judge.
Doom	To pronounce sentence or judgment on; to condemn; to consign by a decree or sentence; to sentence; as, a criminal doomed to chains or death.
Doom	To ordain as penalty; hence, to mulct or fine.
Doom	To assess a tax upon, by estimate or at discretion.
Doom	To destine; to fix irrevocably the destiny or fate of; to appoint, as by decree or by fate.
Doomage	A penalty or fine for neglect.
Doomful	Full of condemnation or destructive power.
Doom palm	A species of palm tree (Hyphaene Thebaica), highly valued for the fibrous pulp of its fruit, which has the flavor of gingerbread, and is largely eaten in Egypt and Abyssinia.
Doomsday	A day of sentence or condemnation; day of death.
Doomsday	The day of the final judgment.
Doomsman	A judge; an umpire.
Doomster	Same as Dempster.
Door	An opening in the wall of a house or of an apartment, by which to go in and out; an entrance way.
Door	The frame or barrier of boards, or other material, usually turning on hinges, by which an entrance way into a house or apartment is closed and opened.
Door	Passage; means of approach or access.
Door	An entrance way, but taken in the sense of the house or apartment to which it leads.
Doorcase	The surrounding frame into which a door shuts.
Doorcheek	The jamb or sidepiece of a door.
Doorga	A Hindoo divinity, the consort of Siva, represented with ten arms.
Dooring	The frame of a door.
Doorkeeper	One who guards the entrance of a house or apartment; a porter; a janitor.
Doorless	Without a door.
Doornail	The nail or knob on which in ancient doors the knocker struck; -- hence the old saying, "As dead as a doornail."
Doorplane	A plane on a door, giving the name, and sometimes the employment, of the occupant.
Doorpost	The jamb or sidepiece of a doorway.
Doorsill	The sill or threshold of a door.
Doorstead	Entrance or place of a door.
Doorstep	The stone or plank forming a step before an outer door.
Doorstone	The stone forming a threshold.
Doorstop	The block or strip of wood or similar material which stops, at the right place, the shutting of a door.
Doorway	The passage of a door; entrance way into a house or a room.
Dooryard	A yard in front of a house or around the door of a house.
Dop	Alt. of Doop
Doop	A little copper cup in which a diamond is held while being cut.
Dop	To dip.
Dop	A dip; a low courtesy.
Dopper	An Anabaptist or Baptist.
Dopplerite	A brownish black native hydrocarbon occurring in elastic or jellylike masses.
Doquet	A warrant. See Docket.
Dor	A large European scaraboid beetle (Geotrupes stercorarius), which makes a droning noise while flying. The name is also applied to allied American species, as the June bug. Called also dorr, dorbeetle, or dorrbeetle, dorbug, dorrfly, and buzzard clock.
Dor	A trick, joke, or deception.
Dor	To make a fool of; to deceive.
Dorado	A southern constellation, within which is the south pole of the ecliptic; -- called also sometimes Xiphias, or the Swordfish.
Dorado	A large, oceanic fish of the genus Coryphaena.
Dorbeetle	See 1st Dor.
Doree	A European marine fish (Zeus faber), of a yellow color. See Illust. of John Doree.
Doretree	A doorpost.
Dorhawk	The European goatsucker; -- so called because it eats the dor beetle. See Goatsucker.
Dorian	Of or pertaining to the ancient Greeks of Doris; Doric; as, a Dorian fashion.
Dorian	Same as Doric, 3.
Dorian	A native or inhabitant of Doris in Greece.
Doric	Pertaining to Doris, in ancient Greece, or to the Dorians; as, the Doric dialect.
Doric	Belonging to, or resembling, the oldest and simplest of the three orders of architecture used by the Greeks, but ranked as second of the five orders adopted by the Romans. See Abacus, Capital, Order.
Doric	Of or relating to one of the ancient Greek musical modes or keys. Its character was adapted both to religions occasions and to war.
Doric	The Doric dialect.
Doricism	A Doric phrase or idiom.
Doris	A genus of nudibranchiate mollusks having a wreath of branchiae on the back.
Dorism	A Doric phrase or idiom.
Dorking fowl	One of a breed of large-bodied domestic fowls, having five toes, or the hind toe double. There are several strains, as the white, gray, and silver-gray. They are highly esteemed for the table.
Dormancy	The state of being dormant; quiescence; abeyance.
Dormant	Sleeping; as, a dormant animal; hence, not in action or exercise; quiescent; at rest; in abeyance; not disclosed, asserted, or insisted on; as, dormant passions; dormant claims or titles.
Dormant	In a sleeping posture; as, a lion dormant; -- distinguished from couchant.
Dormant	A large beam in the roof of a house upon which portions of the other timbers rest or " sleep."
Dormer	Alt. of Dormer window
Dormer window	A window pierced in a roof, and so set as to be vertical while the roof slopes away from it. Also, the gablet, or houselike structure, in which it is contained.
Dormitive	Causing sleep; as, the dormitive properties of opium.
Dormitive	A medicine to promote sleep; a soporific; an opiate.
Dormitories	of Dormitory
Dormitory	A sleeping room, or a building containing a series of sleeping rooms; a sleeping apartment capable of containing many beds; esp., one connected with a college or boarding school.
Dormitory	A burial place.
Dormice	of Dormouse
Dormouse	A small European rodent of the genus Myoxus, of several species. They live in trees and feed on nuts, acorns, etc.; -- so called because they are usually torpid in winter.
Dorn	A British ray; the thornback.
Dornick	Alt. of Dornock
Dornock	A coarse sort of damask, originally made at Tournay (in Flemish, Doornick), Belgium, and used for hangings, carpets, etc. Also, a stout figured linen manufactured in Scotland.
Dorp	A hamlet.
Dorr	The dorbeetle; also, a drone or an idler. See 1st Dor.
Dorr	To deceive. [Obs.] See Dor, v. t.
Dorr	To deafen with noise.
Dorrfly	See 1st Dor.
Dorrhawk	See Dorhawk.
Dorsad	Toward the dorsum or back; on the dorsal side; dorsally.
Dorsal	Pertaining to, or situated near, the back, or dorsum, of an animal or of one of its parts; notal; tergal; neural; as, the dorsal fin of a fish; the dorsal artery of the tongue; -- opposed to ventral.
Dorsal	Pertaining to the surface naturally inferior, as of a leaf.
Dorsal	Pertaining to the surface naturally superior, as of a creeping hepatic moss.
Dorsal	A hanging, usually of rich stuff, at the back of a throne, or of an altar, or in any similar position.
Dorsale	Same as Dorsal, n.
Dorsally	On, or toward, the dorsum, or back; on the dorsal side of; dorsad.
Dorse	Same as dorsal, n.
Dorse	The back of a book.
Dorse	The Baltic or variable cod (Gadus callarias), by some believed to be the young of the common codfish.
Dorsel	A pannier.
Dorsel	Same as Dorsal, n.
Dorser	See Dosser.
dorsibranchiata	A division of chaetopod annelids in which the branchiae are along the back, on each side, or on the parapodia. [See Illusts. under Annelida and Chaetopoda.]
Dorsibranchiate	Having branchiae along the back; belonging to the Dorsibranchiata.
Dorsibranchiate	One of the Dorsibranchiata.
Dorsiferous	Bearing, or producing, on the back; -- applied to ferns which produce seeds on the back of the leaf, and to certain Batrachia, the ova of which become attached to the skin of the back of the parent, where they develop; dorsiparous.
Dorsimeson	(Anat.) See Meson.
Dorsiparous	Same as Dorsiferous.
Dorsiventral	Having distinct upper and lower surfaces, as most common leaves. The leaves of the iris are not dorsiventral.
Dorsiventral	See Dorsoventral.
Dorsoventral	From the dorsal to the ventral side of an animal; as, the dorsoventral axis.
Dorsum	The ridge of a hill.
Dorsum	The back or dorsal region of an animal; the upper side of an appendage or part; as, the dorsum of the tongue.
Dortour	Alt. of Dorture
Dorture	A dormitory.
Dories	of Dory
Dory	A European fish. See Doree, and John Doree.
Dory	The American wall-eyed perch; -- called also dore. See Pike perch.
Dories	of Dory
Dory	A small, strong, flat-bottomed rowboat, with sharp prow and flaring sides.
Doryphora	A genus of plant-eating beetles, including the potato beetle. See Potato beetle.
Doryphoros	A spear bearer; a statue of a man holding a spear or in the attitude of a spear bearer. Several important sculptures of this subject existed in antiquity, copies of which remain to us.
Dose	The quantity of medicine given, or prescribed to be taken, at one time.
Dose	A sufficient quantity; a portion; as much as one can take, or as falls to one to receive.
Dose	Anything nauseous that one is obliged to take; a disagreeable portion thrust upon one.
Dosed	of Dose
dosing	of Dose
Dose	To proportion properly (a medicine), with reference to the patient or the disease; to form into suitable doses.
Dose	To give doses to; to medicine or physic to; to give potions to, constantly and without need.
Dose	To give anything nauseous to.
Dosel	Same as Dorsal, n.
Dosology	Posology.
Dossel	Same as Dorsal, n.
Dosser	A pannier, or basket.
Dosser	A hanging tapestry; a dorsal.
Dossil	A small ovoid or cylindrical roil or pledget of lint, for keeping a sore, wound, etc., open; a tent.
Dossil	A roll of cloth for wiping off the face of a copperplate, leaving the ink in the engraved lines.
Dost	of Do.
Dot	A marriage portion; dowry.
Dot	A small point or spot, made with a pen or other pointed instrument; a speck, or small mark.
Dot	Anything small and like a speck comparatively; a small portion or specimen; as, a dot of a child.
Dotted	of Dot
Dotting	of Dot
Dot	To mark with dots or small spots; as, to dot a line.
Dot	To mark or diversify with small detached objects; as, a landscape dotted with cottages.
Dot	To make dots or specks.
Dotage	Feebleness or imbecility of understanding or mind, particularly in old age; the childishness of old age; senility; as, a venerable man, now in his dotage.
Dotage	Foolish utterance; drivel.
Dotage	Excessive fondness; weak and foolish affection.
Dotal	Pertaining to dower, or a woman's marriage portion; constituting dower, or comprised in it.
Dotant	A dotard.
Dotard	One whose mind is impaired by age; one in second childhood.
Dotardly	Foolish; weak.
Dotary	A dotard's weakness; dotage.
Dotation	The act of endowing, or bestowing a marriage portion on a woman.
Dotation	Endowment; establishment of funds for support, as of a hospital or eleemosynary corporation.
Dote	A marriage portion. [Obs.] See 1st Dot, n.
Dote	Natural endowments.
Doted	of Dote
Doting	of Dote
Dote	To act foolishly.
Dote	To be weak-minded, silly, or idiotic; to have the intellect impaired, especially by age, so that the mind wanders or wavers; to drivel.
Dote	To be excessively or foolishly fond; to love to excess; to be weakly affectionate; -- with on or upon; as, the mother dotes on her child.
Dote	An imbecile; a dotard.
Doted	Stupid; foolish.
Doted	Half-rotten; as, doted wood.
Dotehead	A dotard.
Doter	One who dotes; a man whose understanding is enfeebled by age; a dotard.
Doter	One excessively fond, or weak in love.
Dotery	The acts or speech of a dotard; drivel.
Doth	of Do.
Doting	That dotes; silly; excessively fond.
Dotish	Foolish; weak; imbecile.
Dottard	An old, decayed tree.
Dotted	Marked with, or made of, dots or small spots; diversified with small, detached objects.
Dotterel	Decayed.
Dotterel	A European bird of the Plover family (Eudromias, / Charadrius, morinellus). It is tame and easily taken, and is popularly believed to imitate the movements of the fowler.
Dotterel	A silly fellow; a dupe; a gull.
Dotting pen	See under Pun.
Dottrel	See Dotterel.
Doty	Half-rotten; as, doty timber.
Douane	A customhouse.
Douanier	An officer of the French customs.
Douar	A village composed of Arab tents arranged in streets.
Douay Bible	A translation of the Scriptures into the English language for the use of English-speaking Roman Catholics; -- done from the Latin Vulgate by English scholars resident in France. The New Testament portion was published at Rheims, A. D. 1582, the Old Testament at Douai, A. D. 1609-10. Various revised editions have since been published.
Doub grass	Doob grass.
Double	Twofold; multiplied by two; increased by its equivalent; made twice as large or as much, etc.
Double	Being in pairs; presenting two of a kind, or two in a set together; coupled.
Double	Divided into two; acting two parts, one openly and the other secretly; equivocal; deceitful; insincere.
Double	Having the petals in a flower considerably increased beyond the natural number, usually as the result of cultivation and the expense of the stamens, or stamens and pistils. The white water lily and some other plants have their blossoms naturally double.
Double	Twice; doubly.
Doubled	of Double
Doubling	of Double
Double	To increase by adding an equal number, quantity, length, value, or the like; multiply by two; to double a sum of money; to double a number, or length.
Double	To make of two thicknesses or folds by turning or bending together in the middle; to fold one part upon another part of; as, to double the leaf of a book, and the like; to clinch, as the fist; -- often followed by up; as, to double up a sheet of paper or cloth.
Double	To be the double of; to exceed by twofold; to contain or be worth twice as much as.
Double	To pass around or by; to march or sail round, so as to reverse the direction of motion.
Double	To unite, as ranks or files, so as to form one from each two.
Double	To be increased to twice the sum, number, quantity, length, or value; to increase or grow to twice as much.
Double	To return upon one's track; to turn and go back over the same ground, or in an opposite direction.
Double	To play tricks; to use sleights; to play false.
Double	To set up a word or words a second time by mistake; to make a doublet.
Double	Twice as much; twice the number, sum, quantity, length, value, and the like.
Double	Among compositors, a doublet (see Doublet, 2.); among pressmen, a sheet that is twice pulled, and blurred.
Double	That which is doubled over or together; a doubling; a plait; a fold.
Double	A turn or circuit in running to escape pursues; hence, a trick; a shift; an artifice.
Double	Something precisely equal or counterpart to another; a counterpart. Hence, a wraith.
Double	A player or singer who prepares to take the part of another player in his absence; a substitute.
Double	Double beer; strong beer.
Double	A feast in which the antiphon is doubled, hat is, said twice, before and after the Psalms, instead of only half being said, as in simple feasts.
Double	A game between two pairs of players; as, a first prize for doubles.
Double	An old term for a variation, as in Bach's Suites.
Double-acting	Acting or operating in two directions or with both motions; producing a twofold result; as, a double-acting engine or pump.
Double-bank	To row by rowers sitting side by side in twos on a bank or thwart.
Double-banked	Applied to a kind of rowing in which the rowers sit side by side in twos, a pair of oars being worked from each bank or thwart.
Double-barreled	Alt. of -barrelled
-barrelled	Having two barrels; -- applied to a gun.
Double-beat valve	See under Valve.
Double-breasted	Folding or lapping over on the breast, with a row of buttons and buttonholes on each side; as, a double-breasted coat.
Double-charge	To load with a double charge, as of gunpowder.
Double-charge	To overcharge.
Double dealer	One who practices double dealing; a deceitful, trickish person.
Double dealing	False or deceitful dealing. See Double dealing, under Dealing.
Double-decker	A man-of-war having two gun decks.
Double-decker	A public conveyance, as a street car, with seats on the roof.
Double-dye	To dye again or twice over.
Double-dyed	Dyed twice; thoroughly or intensely colored; hence; firmly fixed in opinions or habits; as, a double-dyed villain.
Double-ender	A vessel capable of moving in either direction, having bow and rudder at each end.
Double-ender	A locomotive with pilot at each end.
Double-entendre	A word or expression admitting of a double interpretation, one of which is often obscure or indelicate.
Double-eyed	Having a deceitful look.
Double-faced	Having two faces designed for use; as, a double-faced hammer.
Double-faced	Deceitful; hypocritical; treacherous.
Double first	A degree of the first class both in classics and mathematics.
Double first	One who gains at examinations the highest honor both in the classics and the mathematics.
Double-handed	Having two hands.
Double-handed	Deceitful; deceptive.
Double-headed	Having two heads; bicipital.
Doublehearted	Having a false heart; deceitful; treacherous.
Double-hung	Having both sashes hung with weights and cords; -- said of a window.
Double-lock	To lock with two bolts; to fasten with double security.
Double-milled	Twice milled or fulled, to render more compact or fine; -- said of cloth; as, double-milled kerseymere.
Doubleminded	Having different minds at different times; unsettled; undetermined.
Doubleness	The state of being double or doubled.
Doubleness	Duplicity; insincerity.
Double-quick	Of, or performed in, the fastest time or step in marching, next to the run; as, a double-quick step or march.
Double-quick	Double-quick time, step, or march.
Double-quick	To move, or cause to move, in double-quick time.
Doubler	One who, or that which, doubles.
Doubler	An instrument for augmenting a very small quantity of electricity, so as to render it manifest by sparks or the electroscope.
Double-ripper	A kind of coasting sled, made of two sleds fastened together with a board, one before the other.
Double-shade	To double the natural darkness of (a place).
Doublet	Two of the same kind; a pair; a couple.
Doublet	A word or words unintentionally doubled or set up a second time.
Doublet	A close-fitting garment for men, covering the body from the neck to the waist or a little below. It was worn in Western Europe from the 15th to the 17th century.
Doublet	A counterfeit gem, composed of two pieces of crystal, with a color them, and thus giving the appearance of a naturally colored gem. Also, a piece of paste or glass covered by a veneer of real stone.
Doublet	An arrangement of two lenses for a microscope, designed to correct spherical aberration and chromatic dispersion, thus rendering the image of an object more clear and distinct.
Doublet	Two dice, each of which, when thrown, has the same number of spots on the face lying uppermost; as, to throw doublets.
Doublet	A game somewhat like backgammon.
Doublet	One of two or more words in the same language derived by different courses from the same original from; as, crypt and grot are doublets; also, guard and ward; yard and garden; abridge and abbreviate, etc.
Doublethreaded	Consisting of two threads twisted together; using two threads.
Doublethreaded	Having two screw threads instead of one; -- said of a screw in which the pitch is equal to twice the distance between the centers of adjacent threads.
Double-tongue	Deceit; duplicity.
Double-tongued	Making contrary declarations on the same subject; deceitful.
Double-tonguing	A peculiar action of the tongue by flute players in articulating staccato notes; also, the rapid repetition of notes in cornet playing.
Doubletree	The bar, or crosspiece, of a carriage, to which the singletrees are attached.
Doublets	See Doublet, 6 and 7.
Doubling	The act of one that doubles; a making double; reduplication; also, that which is doubled.
Doubling	A turning and winding; as, the doubling of a hunted hare; shift; trick; artifice.
Doubling	The lining of the mantle borne about the shield or escutcheon.
Doubling	The process of redistilling spirits, to improve the strength and flavor.
Doubloon	A Spanish gold coin, no longer issued, varying in value at different times from over fifteen dollars to about five. See Doblon in Sup.
Doubly	In twice the quantity; to twice the degree; as, doubly wise or good; to be doubly sensible of an obligation.
Doubly	Deceitfully.
Dou/ted	of Doubt
Doubting	of Doubt
Doubt	To waver in opinion or judgment; to be in uncertainty as to belief respecting anything; to hesitate in belief; to be undecided as to the truth of the negative or the affirmative proposition; to b e undetermined.
Doubt	To suspect; to fear; to be apprehensive.
Doubt	To question or hold questionable; to withhold assent to; to hesitate to believe, or to be inclined not to believe; to withhold confidence from; to distrust; as, I have heard the story, but I doubt the truth of it.
Doubt	To suspect; to fear; to be apprehensive of.
Doubt	To fill with fear; to affright.
Doubt	A fluctuation of mind arising from defect of knowledge or evidence; uncertainty of judgment or mind; unsettled state of opinion concerning the reality of an event, or the truth of an assertion, etc.; hesitation.
Doubt	Uncertainty of condition.
Doubt	Suspicion; fear; apprehension; dread.
Doubt	Difficulty expressed or urged for solution; point unsettled; objection.
Doubtable	Capable of being doubted; questionable.
Doubtable	Worthy of being feared; redoubtable.
Doubtance	State of being in doubt; uncertainty; doubt.
Doubter	One who doubts; one whose opinion is unsettled; one who scruples.
Doubtful	Not settled in opinion; undetermined; wavering; hesitating in belief; also used, metaphorically, of the body when its action is affected by such a state of mind; as, we are doubtful of a fact, or of the propriety of a measure.
Doubtful	Admitting of doubt; not obvious, clear, or certain; questionable; not decided; not easy to be defined, classed, or named; as, a doubtful case, hue, claim, title, species, and the like.
Doubtful	Characterized by ambiguity; dubious; as, a doubtful expression; a doubtful phrase.
Doubtful	Of uncertain issue or event.
Doubtful	Fearful; apprehensive; suspicious.
Doubtfully	In a doubtful manner.
Doubtfulness	State of being doubtful.
Doubtfulness	Uncertainty of meaning; ambiguity; indefiniteness.
Doubtfulness	Uncertainty of event or issue.
Doubting	That is uncertain; that distrusts or hesitates; having doubts.
Doubtless	Free from fear or suspicion.
Doubtless	Undoubtedly; without doubt.
Doubtlessly	Unquestionably.
Doubtous	Doubtful.
Douc	A monkey (Semnopithecus nemaeus), remarkable for its varied and brilliant colors. It is a native of Cochin China.
Douce	Sweet; pleasant.
Douce	Sober; prudent; sedate; modest.
Doucepere	One of the twelve peers of France, companions of Charlemagne in war.
Doucet	Alt. of Dowset
Dowset	A custard.
Dowset	A dowcet, or deep's testicle.
Douceur	Gentleness and sweetness of manner; agreeableness.
Douceur	A gift for service done or to be done; an honorarium; a present; sometimes, a bribe.
Douche	A jet or current of water or vapor directed upon some part of the body to benefit it medicinally; a douche bath.
Douche	A syringe.
Doucine	Same as Cyma/recta, under Cyma.
Doucker	A grebe or diver; -- applied also to the golden-eye, pochard, scoter, and other ducks.
Dough	Paste of bread; a soft mass of moistened flour or meal, kneaded or unkneaded, but not yet baked; as, to knead dough.
Dough	Anything of the consistency of such paste.
Dough-baked	Imperfectly baked; hence, not brought to perfection; unfinished; also, of weak or dull understanding.
Doughbird	The Eskimo curlew (Numenius borealis). See Curlew.
Doughface	A contemptuous nickname for a timid, yielding politician, or one who is easily molded.
Dough-faced	Easily molded; pliable.
Doughfaceism	The character of a doughface; truckling pliability.
Doughiness	The quality or state of being doughy.
Dough-kneaded	Like dough; soft.
Doughnut	A small cake (usually sweetened) fried in a kettle of boiling lard.
Doughtily	In a doughty manner.
Doughtiness	The quality of being doughty; valor; bravery.
Doughtren	Daughters.
Doughty	Able; strong; valiant; redoubtable; as, a doughty hero.
Doughy	Like dough; soft and heavy; pasty; crude; flabby and pale; as, a doughy complexion.
Doulocracy	A government by slaves.
Doum palm	See Doom palm.
Doupe	The carrion crow.
Dour	Hard; inflexible; obstinate; sour in aspect; hardy; bold.
Doura	A kind of millet. See Durra.
Douroucouli	See Durukuli.
Doused	of Douse
Dousing	of Douse
Douse	To plunge suddenly into water; to duck; to immerse; to dowse.
Douse	To strike or lower in haste; to slacken suddenly; as, douse the topsail.
Douse	To fall suddenly into water.
Douse	To put out; to extinguish.
Dousing-chock	One of several pieces fayed across the apron and lapped in the knightheads, or inside planking above the upper deck.
Dout	To put out.
Douter	An extinguisher for candles.
Dove	A pigeon of the genus Columba and various related genera. The species are numerous.
Dove	A word of endearment for one regarded as pure and gentle.
Dovecot	Alt. of Dovecote
Dovecote	A small house or box, raised to a considerable height above the ground, and having compartments, in which domestic pigeons breed; a dove house.
Dove-eyed	Having eyes like a dove; meekeyed; as, dove-eyed Peace.
Dovekie	A guillemot (Uria grylle), of the arctic regions. Also applied to the little auk or sea dove. See under Dove.
Dovelet	A young or small dove.
Dovelike	Mild as a dove; gentle; pure and lovable.
Dove plant	A Central American orchid (Peristeria elata), having a flower stem five or six feet high, with numerous globose white fragrant flowers. The column in the center of the flower resembles a dove; -- called also Holy Spirit plant.
Dover's Powder	A powder of ipecac and opium, compounded, in the United States, with sugar of milk, but in England (as formerly in the United States) with sulphate of potash, and in France (as in Dr. Dover's original prescription) with nitrate and sulphate of potash and licorice. It is an anodyne diaphoretic.
Dove's-foot	A small annual species of Geranium, native in England; -- so called from the shape of the leaf.
Dove's-foot	The columbine.
Doveship	The possession of dovelike qualities, harmlessness and innocence.
Dovetail	A flaring tenon, or tongue (shaped like a bird's tail spread), and a mortise, or socket, into which it fits tightly, making an interlocking joint between two pieces which resists pulling a part in all directions except one.
Dovetailed	of Dovetail
Dovetailing	of Dovetail
Dovetail	To cut to a dovetail.
Dovetail	To join by means of dovetails.
Dovetail	To fit in or connect strongly, skillfully, or nicely; to fit ingeniously or complexly.
Dovish	Like a dove; harmless; innocent.
Dow	A kind of vessel. See Dhow.
Dow	To furnish with a dower; to endow.
Dowable	Capable of being endowed; entitled to dower.
Dowager	A widow endowed, or having a jointure; a widow who either enjoys a dower from her deceased husband, or has property of her own brought by her to her husband on marriage, and settled on her after his decease.
Dowager	A title given in England to a widow, to distinguish her from the wife of her husband's heir bearing the same name; -- chiefly applied to widows of personages of rank.
Dowagerism	The rank or condition of a dowager; formality, as that of a dowager. Also used figuratively.
Dowcet	One of the testicles of a hart or stag.
Dowdy	Showing a vulgar taste in dress; awkward and slovenly in dress; vulgar-looking.
Dowdies	of Dowdy
Dowdy	An awkward, vulgarly dressed, inelegant woman.
Dowdyish	Like a dowdy.
Dowel	A pin, or block, of wood or metal, fitting into holes in the abutting portions of two pieces, and being partly in one piece and partly in the other, to keep them in their proper relative position.
Dowel	A piece of wood driven into a wall, so that other pieces may be nailed to it.
Doweled	of Dowel
Dowelled	of Dowel
Doweling	of Dowel
Dowelling	of Dowel
Dowel	To fasten together by dowels; to furnish with dowels; as, a cooper dowels pieces for the head of a cask.
Dower	That with which one is gifted or endowed; endowment; gift.
Dower	The property with which a woman is endowed
Dower	That which a woman brings to a husband in marriage; dowry.
Dower	That portion of the real estate of a man which his widow enjoys during her life, or to which a woman is entitled after the death of her husband.
Dowered	Furnished with, or as with, dower or a marriage portion.
Dowerless	Destitute of dower; having no marriage portion.
Dowery	See Dower.
Dowitcher	The red-breasted or gray snipe (Macrorhamphus griseus); -- called also brownback, and grayback.
Dowl	Same as Dowle.
Dowlas	A coarse linen cloth made in the north of England and in Scotland, now nearly replaced by calico.
Dowle	Feathery or wool-like down; filament of a feather.
Down	Fine, soft, hairy outgrowth from the skin or surface of animals or plants, not matted and fleecy like wool
Down	The soft under feathers of birds. They have short stems with soft rachis and bards and long threadlike barbules, without hooklets.
Down	The pubescence of plants; the hairy crown or envelope of the seeds of certain plants, as of the thistle.
Down	The soft hair of the face when beginning to appear.
Down	That which is made of down, as a bed or pillow; that which affords ease and repose, like a bed of down
Down	To cover, ornament, line, or stuff with down.
Down	A bank or rounded hillock of sand thrown up by the wind along or near the shore; a flattish-topped hill; -- usually in the plural.
Down	A tract of poor, sandy, undulating or hilly land near the sea, covered with fine turf which serves chiefly for the grazing of sheep; -- usually in the plural.
Down	A road for shipping in the English Channel or Straits of Dover, near Deal, employed as a naval rendezvous in time of war.
Down	A state of depression; low state; abasement.
Down	In the direction of gravity or toward the center of the earth; toward or in a lower place or position; below; -- the opposite of up.
Down	From a higher to a lower position, literally or figuratively; in a descending direction; from the top of an ascent; from an upright position; to the ground or floor; to or into a lower or an inferior condition; as, into a state of humility, disgrace, misery, and the like; into a state of rest; -- used with verbs indicating motion.
Down	In a low or the lowest position, literally or figuratively; at the bottom of a decent; below the horizon; of the ground; in a condition of humility, dejection, misery, and the like; in a state of quiet.
Down	From a remoter or higher antiquity.
Down	From a greater to a less bulk, or from a thinner to a thicker consistence; as, to boil down in cookery, or in making decoctions.
Down	In a descending direction along; from a higher to a lower place upon or within; at a lower place in or on; as, down a hill; down a well.
Down	Hence: Towards the mouth of a river; towards the sea; as, to sail or swim down a stream; to sail down the sound.
Downed	of Down
Downing	of Down
Down	To cause to go down; to make descend; to put down; to overthrow, as in wrestling; hence, to subdue; to bring down.
Down	To go down; to descend.
Down	Downcast; as, a down look.
Down	Downright; absolute; positive; as, a down denial.
Down	Downward; going down; sloping; as, a down stroke; a down grade; a down train on a railway.
Downbear	To bear down; to depress.
Downcast	Cast downward; directed to the ground, from bashfulness, modesty, dejection, or guilt.
Downcast	Downcast or melancholy look.
Downcast	A ventilating shaft down which the air passes in circulating through a mine.
Downcome	Sudden fall; downfall; overthrow.
Downcome	A pipe for leading combustible gases downward from the top of the blast furnace to the hot-blast stoves, boilers, etc., where they are burned.
Downfall	A sudden fall; a body of things falling.
Downfall	A sudden descent from rank or state, reputation or happiness; destruction; ruin.
Downfallen	Fallen; ruined.
Downfalling	Falling down.
Downgyved	Hanging down like gyves or fetters.
Downhaul	A rope to haul down, or to assist in hauling down, a sail; as, a staysail downhaul; a trysail downhaul.
Downhearted	Dejected; low-spirited.
Downhill	Towards the bottom of a hill; as, water runs downhill.
Downhill	Declivous; descending; sloping.
Downhill	Declivity; descent; slope.
Downiness	The quality or state of being downy.
Downlooked	Having a downcast countenance; dejected; gloomy; sullen.
Downlying	The time of retiring to rest; time of repose.
Downpour	A pouring or streaming downwards; esp., a heavy or continuous shower.
Downright	Straight down; perpendicularly.
Downright	In plain terms; without ceremony.
Downright	Without delay; at once; completely.
Downright	Plain; direct; unceremonious; blunt; positive; as, he spoke in his downright way.
Downright	Open; artless; undisguised; absolute; unmixed; as, downright atheism.
Down-share	A breastplow used in paring off turf on downs.
Downsitting	The act of sitting down; repose; a resting.
Downstairs	Down the stairs; to a lower floor.
Downstairs	Below stairs; as, a downstairs room.
Downsteepy	Very steep.
Downstream	Down the stream; as, floating downstream.
Downstroke	A stroke made with a downward motion of the pen or pencil.
Downthrow	The sudden drop or depression of the strata of rocks on one side of a fault. See Throw, n.
Downtrod	Alt. of Downtrodden
Downtrodden	Trodden down; trampled down; abused by superior power.
Downward	Alt. of Downwards
Downwards	From a higher place to a lower; in a descending course; as, to tend, move, roll, look, or take root, downward or downwards.
Downwards	From a higher to a lower condition; toward misery, humility, disgrace, or ruin.
Downwards	From a remote time; from an ancestor or predecessor; from one to another in a descending line.
Downward	Moving or extending from a higher to a lower place; tending toward the earth or its center, or toward a lower level; declivous.
Downward	Descending from a head, origin, or source; as, a downward line of descent.
Downward	Tending to a lower condition or state; depressed; dejected; as, downward thoughts.
Downweed	Cudweed, a species of Gnaphalium.
Downweigh	To weigh or press down.
Downy	Covered with down, or with pubescence or soft hairs.
Downy	Made of, or resembling, down. Hence, figuratively: Soft; placid; soothing; quiet.
Downy	Cunning; wary.
Dowral	Of or relating to a dower.
Dowress	A woman entitled to dower.
Dowries	of Dowry
Dowry	A gift; endowment.
Dowry	The money, goods, or estate, which a woman brings to her husband in marriage; a bride's portion on her marriage. See Note under Dower.
Dowry	A gift or presents for the bride, on espousal. See Dower.
Dowse	To plunge, or duck into water; to immerse; to douse.
Dowse	To beat or thrash.
Dowse	To use the dipping or divining rod, as in search of water, ore, etc.
Dowse	A blow on the face.
Dowser	A divining rod used in searching for water, ore, etc., a dowsing rod.
Dowser	One who uses the dowser or divining rod.
Dowst	A dowse.
Dowve	A dove.
Doxological	Pertaining to doxology; giving praise to God.
Doxologized	of Doxologize
Doxologizing	of Doxologize
Doxologize	To give glory to God, as in a doxology; to praise God with doxologies.
Doxologies	of Doxology
Doxology	In Christian worship: A hymn expressing praise and honor to God; a form of praise to God designed to be sung or chanted by the choir or the congregation.
Doxies	of Doxy
Doxy	A loose wench; a disreputable sweetheart.
Doyly	See Doily.
Dozed	of Doze
Dozing	of Doze
Doze	To slumber; to sleep lightly; to be in a dull or stupefied condition, as if half asleep; to be drowsy.
Doze	To pass or spend in drowsiness; as, to doze away one's time.
Doze	To make dull; to stupefy.
Doze	A light sleep; a drowse.
Dozen	of Dozen
Dozens	of Dozen
Dozen	A collection of twelve objects; a tale or set of twelve; with or without of before the substantive which follows.
Dozen	An indefinite small number.
Dozenth	Twelfth.
Dozer	One who dozes or drowses.
Doziness	The state of being dozy; drowsiness; inclination to sleep.
Dozy	Drowsy; inclined to doze; sleepy; sluggish; as, a dozy head.
Dozzled	Stupid; heavy.
Drab	A low, sluttish woman.
Drab	A lewd wench; a strumpet.
Drab	A wooden box, used in salt works for holding the salt when taken out of the boiling pans.
Drabbed	of Drab
Drabbing	of Drab
Drab	To associate with strumpets; to wench.
Drab	A kind of thick woolen cloth of a dun, or dull brownish yellow, or dull gray, color; -- called also drabcloth.
Drab	A dull brownish yellow or dull gray color.
Drab	Of a color between gray and brown.
Drab	A drab color.
Drabber	One who associates with drabs; a wencher.
Drabbet	A coarse linen fabric, or duck.
Drabbish	Somewhat drab in color.
Drabbish	Having the character of a drab or low wench.
Drabbled	of Drabble
Drabbling	of Drabble
Drabble	To draggle; to wet and befoul by draggling; as, to drabble a gown or cloak.
Drabble	To fish with a long line and rod; as, to drabble for barbels.
Drabbler	A piece of canvas fastened by lacing to the bonnet of a sail, to give it a greater depth, or more drop.
Drabble-tail	A draggle-tail; a slattern.
Dracaena	A genus of liliaceous plants with woody stems and funnel-shaped flowers.
Dracanth	A kind of gum; -- called also gum tragacanth, or tragacanth. See Tragacanth.
Drachm	A drachma.
Drachm	Same as Dram.
Drachmas	of Drachma
Drachmae	of Drachma
Drachma	A silver coin among the ancient Greeks, having a different value in different States and at different periods. The average value of the Attic drachma is computed to have been about 19 cents.
Drachma	A gold and silver coin of modern Greece worth 19.3 cents.
Drachma	Among the ancient Greeks, a weight of about 66.5 grains; among the modern Greeks, a weight equal to a gram.
Drachme	See Drachma.
Dracin	See Draconin.
Draco	The Dragon, a northern constellation within which is the north pole of the ecliptic.
Draco	A luminous exhalation from marshy grounds.
Draco	A genus of lizards. See Dragon, 6.
Draconian	Pertaining to Draco, a famous lawgiver of Athens, 621 b. c.
Draconic	Relating to Draco, the Athenian lawgiver; or to the constellation Draco; or to dragon's blood.
Draconin	A red resin forming the essential basis of dragon's blood; -- called also dracin.
Dracontic	Belonging to that space of time in which the moon performs one revolution, from ascending node to ascending node. See Dragon's head, under Dragon.
Dracontine	Belonging to a dragon.
Dracunculi	of Dracunculus
Dracunculus	A fish; the dragonet.
Dracunculus	The Guinea worm (Filaria medinensis).
Drad	Dreaded.
Dradde	of Dread.
Dradge	Inferior ore, separated from the better by cobbing.
Draff	Refuse; lees; dregs; the wash given to swine or cows; hogwash; waste matter.
Draffish	Worthless; draffy.
Draffy	Dreggy; waste; worthless.
Draff	The act of drawing; also, the thing drawn. Same as Draught.
Draff	A selecting or detaching of soldiers from an army, or from any part of it, or from a military post; also from any district, or any company or collection of persons, or from the people at large; also, the body of men thus drafted.
Draff	An order from one person or party to another, directing the payment of money; a bill of exchange.
Draff	An allowance or deduction made from the gross veight of goods.
Draff	A drawing of lines for a plan; a plan delineated, or drawn in outline; a delineation. See Draught.
Draff	The form of any writing as first drawn up; the first rough sketch of written composition, to be filled in, or completed. See Draught.
Draff	A narrow border left on a finished stone, worked differently from the rest of its face.
Draff	A narrow border worked to a plane surface along the edge of a stone, or across its face, as a guide to the stone-cutter.
Draff	The slant given to the furrows in the dress of a millstone.
Draff	Depth of water necessary to float a ship. See Draught.
Draff	A current of air. Same as Draught.
Draft	Pertaining to, or used for, drawing or pulling (as vehicles, loads, etc.). Same as Draught.
Draft	Relating to, or characterized by, a draft, or current of air. Same as Draught.
Drafted	of Draft
Drafting	of Draft
Draft	To draw the outline of; to delineate.
Draft	To compose and write; as, to draft a memorial.
Draft	To draw from a military band or post, or from any district, company, or society; to detach; to select.
Draft	To transfer by draft.
Draftsman	See Draughtsman.
Drag	A confection; a comfit; a drug.
Dragged	of Drag
Dragging	of Drag
Drag	To draw slowly or heavily onward; to pull along the ground by main force; to haul; to trail; -- applied to drawing heavy or resisting bodies or those inapt for drawing, with labor, along the ground or other surface; as, to drag stone or timber; to drag a net in fishing.
Drag	To break, as land, by drawing a drag or harrow over it; to harrow; to draw a drag along the bottom of, as a stream or other water; hence, to search, as by means of a drag.
Drag	To draw along, as something burdensome; hence, to pass in pain or with difficulty.
Drag	To be drawn along, as a rope or dress, on the ground; to trail; to be moved onward along the ground, or along the bottom of the sea, as an anchor that does not hold.
Drag	To move onward heavily, laboriously, or slowly; to advance with weary effort; to go on lingeringly.
Drag	To serve as a clog or hindrance; to hold back.
Drag	To fish with a dragnet.
Drag	The act of dragging; anything which is dragged.
Drag	A net, or an apparatus, to be drawn along the bottom under water, as in fishing, searching for drowned persons, etc.
Drag	A kind of sledge for conveying heavy bodies; also, a kind of low car or handcart; as, a stone drag.
Drag	A heavy coach with seats on top; also, a heavy carriage.
Drag	A heavy harrow, for breaking up ground.
Drag	Anything towed in the water to retard a ship's progress, or to keep her head up to the wind; esp., a canvas bag with a hooped mouth, so used. See Drag sail (below).
Drag	Also, a skid or shoe, for retarding the motion of a carriage wheel.
Drag	Hence, anything that retards; a clog; an obstacle to progress or enjoyment.
Drag	Motion affected with slowness and difficulty, as if clogged.
Drag	The bottom part of a flask or mold, the upper part being the cope.
Drag	A steel instrument for completing the dressing of soft stone.
Drag	The difference between the speed of a screw steamer under sail and that of the screw when the ship outruns the screw; or between the propulsive effects of the different floats of a paddle wheel. See Citation under Drag, v. i., 3.
Dragantine	A mucilage obtained from, or containing, gum tragacanth.
Dragbar	Same as Drawbar (b). Called also draglink, and drawlink.
Dragbolt	A coupling pin. See under Coupling.
Dragees	Sugar-coated medicines.
Draggled	of Draggle
Draggling	of Draggle
Draggle	To wet and soil by dragging on the ground, mud, or wet grass; to drabble; to trail.
Draggle	To be dragged on the ground; to become wet or dirty by being dragged or trailed in the mud or wet grass.
Draggle-tail	A slattern who suffers her gown to trail in the mire; a drabble-tail.
Draggle-tailed	Untidy; sluttish; slatternly.
Draglink	A link connecting the cranks of two shafts.
Draglink	A drawbar.
Dragmen	of Dragman
Dragman	A fisherman who uses a dragnet.
Dragnet	A net to be drawn along the bottom of a body of water, as in fishing.
Dragomans	of Dragoman
Dragoman	An interpreter; -- so called in the Levant and other parts of the East.
Dragon	A fabulous animal, generally represented as a monstrous winged serpent or lizard, with a crested head and enormous claws, and regarded as very powerful and ferocious.
Dragon	A fierce, violent person, esp. a woman.
Dragon	A constellation of the northern hemisphere figured as a dragon; Draco.
Dragon	A luminous exhalation from marshy grounds, seeming to move through the air as a winged serpent.
Dragon	A short musket hooked to a swivel attached to a soldier's belt; -- so called from a representation of a dragon's head at the muzzle.
Dragon	A small arboreal lizard of the genus Draco, of several species, found in the East Indies and Southern Asia. Five or six of the hind ribs, on each side, are prolonged and covered with weblike skin, forming a sort of wing. These prolongations aid them in making long leaps from tree to tree. Called also flying lizard.
Dragon	A variety of carrier pigeon.
Dragon	A fabulous winged creature, sometimes borne as a charge in a coat of arms.
Dragonet	A little dragon.
Dragonet	A small British marine fish (Callionymuslyra); -- called also yellow sculpin, fox, and gowdie.
Dragonish	resembling a dragon.
Dragonlike	Like a dragon.
Dragonnade	The severe persecution of French Protestants under Louis XIV., by an armed force, usually of dragoons; hence, a rapid and devastating incursion; dragoonade.
Dragon's blood	Alt. of Dragon's tail
Dragon's head	Alt. of Dragon's tail
Dragon's tail	See Dragon's blood, Dragon's head, etc., under Dragon.
Dragoon	Formerly, a soldier who was taught and armed to serve either on horseback or on foot; now, a mounted soldier; a cavalry man.
Dragoon	A variety of pigeon.
Dragooned	of Dragoon
Dragooning	of Dragoon
Dragoon	To harass or reduce to subjection by dragoons; to persecute by abandoning a place to the rage of soldiers.
Dragoon	To compel submission by violent measures; to harass; to persecute.
Dragoonade	See Dragonnade.
Dragooner	A dragoon.
Drail	To trail; to draggle.
Drained	of Drain
Draining	of Drain
Drain	To draw off by degrees; to cause to flow gradually out or off; hence, to cause the exhaustion of.
Drain	To exhaust of liquid contents by drawing them off; to make gradually dry or empty; to remove surface water, as from streets, by gutters, etc.; to deprive of moisture; hence, to exhaust; to empty of wealth, resources, or the like; as, to drain a country of its specie.
Drain	To filter.
Drain	To flow gradually; as, the water of low ground drains off.
Drain	To become emptied of liquor by flowing or dropping; as, let the vessel stand and drain.
Drain	The act of draining, or of drawing off; gradual and continuous outflow or withdrawal; as, the drain of specie from a country.
Drain	That means of which anything is drained; a channel; a trench; a water course; a sewer; a sink.
Drain	The grain from the mashing tub; as, brewers' drains.
Drainable	Capable of being drained.
Drainage	A draining; a gradual flowing off of any liquid; also, that which flows out of a drain.
Drainage	The mode in which the waters of a country pass off by its streams and rivers.
Drainage	The system of drains and their operation, by which superfluous water is removed from towns, railway beds, mines, and other works.
Drainage	Area or district drained; as, the drainage of the Po, the Thames, etc.
Drainage	The act, process, or means of drawing off the pus or fluids from a wound, abscess, etc.
Draine	The missel thrush.
Drainer	One who, or that which, drains.
Draining	The art of carrying off surplus water, as from land.
Drainpipe	A pipe used for carrying off surplus water.
Draintile	A hollow tile used in making drains; -- called also draining tile.
Draintrap	See 4th Trap, 5.
Drake	The male of the duck kind.
Drake	The drake fly.
Drake	A dragon.
Drake	A small piece of artillery.
Drake	Wild oats, brome grass, or darnel grass; -- called also drawk, dravick, and drank.
Drakestone	A flat stone so thrown along the surface of water as to skip from point to point before it sinks; also, the sport of so throwing stones; -- sometimes called ducks and drakes.
Dram	A weight; in Apothecaries' weight, one eighth part of an ounce, or sixty grains; in Avoirdupois weight, one sixteenth part of an ounce, or 27.34375 grains.
Dram	A minute quantity; a mite.
Dram	As much spirituous liquor as is usually drunk at once; as, a dram of brandy; hence, a potation or potion; as, a dram of poison.
Dram	A Persian daric.
Dram	To drink drams; to ply with drams.
Drama	A composition, in prose or poetry, accommodated to action, and intended to exhibit a picture of human life, or to depict a series of grave or humorous actions of more than ordinary interest, tending toward some striking result. It is commonly designed to be spoken and represented by actors on the stage.
Drama	A series of real events invested with a dramatic unity and interest.
Drama	Dramatic composition and the literature pertaining to or illustrating it; dramatic literature.
Dramatic	Alt. of Dramatical
Dramatical	Of or pertaining to the drama; appropriate to, or having the qualities of, a drama; theatrical; vivid.
Dramatically	In a dramatic manner; theatrically; vividly.
Dramatis personae	The actors in a drama or play.
Dramatist	The author of a dramatic composition; a writer of plays.
Dramatizable	Capable of being dramatized.
Dramatization	Act of dramatizing.
Dramatized	of Dramatize
Dramatizing	of Dramatize
Dramatize	To compose in the form of the drama; to represent in a drama; to adapt to dramatic representation; as, to dramatize a novel, or an historical episode.
Dramaturgic	Relating to dramaturgy.
Dramaturgist	One versed in dramaturgy.
Dramaturgy	The art of dramatic composition and representation.
Dramming	The practice of drinking drams.
Dramseller	One who sells distilled liquors by the dram or glass.
Dramshop	A shop or barroom where spirits are sold by the dram.
Drank	of Drink.
Drank	Wild oats, or darnel grass. See Drake a plant.
Drap d'ete	A thin woolen fabric, twilled like merino.
Draped	of Drape
Draping	of Drape
Drape	To cover or adorn with drapery or folds of cloth, or as with drapery; as, to drape a bust, a building, etc.
Drape	To rail at; to banter.
Drape	To make cloth.
Drape	To design drapery, arrange its folds, etc., as for hangings, costumes, statues, etc.
Draper	One who sells cloths; a dealer in cloths; as, a draper and tailor.
Draperied	Covered or supplied with drapery.
Draperies	of Drapery
Drapery	The occupation of a draper; cloth-making, or dealing in cloth.
Drapery	Cloth, or woolen stuffs in general.
Drapery	A textile fabric used for decorative purposes, especially when hung loosely and in folds carefully disturbed; as: (a) Garments or vestments of this character worn upon the body, or shown in the representations of the human figure in art. (b) Hangings of a room or hall, or about a bed.
Drapet	Cloth.
Drastic	Acting rapidly and violently; efficacious; powerful; -- opposed to bland; as, drastic purgatives.
Drastic	A violent purgative. See Cathartic.
Drasty	Filthy; worthless.
Draugh	See Draft.
Draught	The act of drawing or pulling
Draught	The act of moving loads by drawing, as by beasts of burden, and the like.
Draught	The drawing of a bowstring.
Draught	Act of drawing a net; a sweeping the water for fish.
Draught	The act of drawing liquor into the mouth and throat; the act of drinking.
Draught	A sudden attack or drawing upon an enemy.
Draught	The act of selecting or detaching soldiers; a draft (see Draft, n., 2)
Draught	The act of drawing up, marking out, or delineating; representation.
Draught	That which is drawn
Draught	That which is taken by sweeping with a net.
Draught	The force drawn; a detachment; -- in this sense usually written draft.
Draught	The quantity drawn in at once in drinking; a potion or potation.
Draught	A sketch, outline, or representation, whether written, designed, or drawn; a delineation.
Draught	An order for the payment of money; -- in this sense almost always written draft.
Draught	A current of air moving through an inclosed place, as through a room or up a chimney.
Draught	That which draws
Draught	A team of oxen or horses.
Draught	A sink or drain; a privy.
Draught	A mild vesicatory; a sinapism; as, to apply draughts to the feet.
Draught	Capacity of being drawn; force necessary to draw; traction.
Draught	The depth of water necessary to float a ship, or the depth a ship sinks in water, especially when laden; as, a ship of twelve feet draught.
Draught	An allowance on weighable goods. [Eng.] See Draft, 4.
Draught	A move, as at chess or checkers.
Draught	The bevel given to the pattern for a casting, in order that it may be drawn from the sand without injury to the mold.
Draught	See Draft, n., 7.
Draught	Used for drawing vehicles, loads, etc.; as, a draught beast; draught hooks.
Draught	Relating to, or characterized by, a draft, or current of air.
Draught	Used in making drawings; as, draught compasses.
Draught	Drawn directly from the barrel, or other receptacle, in distinction from bottled; on draught; -- said of ale, cider, and the like.
Draughted	of Draught
Draughting	of Draught
Draught	To draw out; to call forth. See Draft.
Draught	To diminish or exhaust by drawing.
Draught	To draw in outline; to make a draught, sketch, or plan of, as in architectural and mechanical drawing.
Draughtboard	A checkered board on which draughts are played. See Checkerboard.
Draughthouse	A house for the reception of waste matter; a privy.
Draughts	A mild vesicatory. See Draught, n., 3 (c).
Draughts	A game, now more commonly called checkers. See Checkers.
Draughtsmen	of Draughtsman
Draughtsman	One who draws pleadings or other writings.
Draughtsman	One who draws plans and sketches of machinery, structures, and places; also, more generally, one who makes drawings of any kind.
Draughtsman	A "man" or piece used in the game of draughts.
Draughtsman	One who drinks drams; a tippler.
Draughtsmanship	The office, art, or work of a draughtsman.
Draughty	Pertaining to a draught, or current of air; as, a draughtly, comfortless room.
Drave	old imp. of Drive.
Dravida	A race of Hindostan, believed to be the original people who occupied the land before the Hindoo or Aryan invasion.
Dravidian	Of or pertaining to the Dravida.
Drew	of Draw
Drawn	of Draw
Drawing	of Draw
Draw	To cause to move continuously by force applied in advance of the thing moved; to pull along; to haul; to drag; to cause to follow.
Draw	To influence to move or tend toward one's self; to exercise an attracting force upon; to call towards itself; to attract; hence, to entice; to allure; to induce.
Draw	To cause to come out for one's use or benefit; to extract; to educe; to bring forth; as: (a) To bring or take out, or to let out, from some receptacle, as a stick or post from a hole, water from a cask or well, etc.
Draw	To pull from a sheath, as a sword.
Draw	To extract; to force out; to elicit; to derive.
Draw	To obtain from some cause or origin; to infer from evidence or reasons; to deduce from premises; to derive.
Draw	To take or procure from a place of deposit; to call for and receive from a fund, or the like; as, to draw money from a bank.
Draw	To take from a box or wheel, as a lottery ticket; to receive from a lottery by the drawing out of the numbers for prizes or blanks; hence, to obtain by good fortune; to win; to gain; as, he drew a prize.
Draw	To select by the drawing of lots.
Draw	To remove the contents of
Draw	To drain by emptying; to suck dry.
Draw	To extract the bowels of; to eviscerate; as, to draw a fowl; to hang, draw, and quarter a criminal.
Draw	To take into the lungs; to inhale; to inspire; hence, also, to utter or produce by an inhalation; to heave.
Draw	To extend in length; to lengthen; to protract; to stretch; to extend, as a mass of metal into wire.
Draw	To run, extend, or produce, as a line on any surface; hence, also, to form by marking; to make by an instrument of delineation; to produce, as a sketch, figure, or picture.
Draw	To represent by lines drawn; to form a sketch or a picture of; to represent by a picture; to delineate; hence, to represent by words; to depict; to describe.
Draw	To write in due form; to prepare a draught of; as, to draw a memorial, a deed, or bill of exchange.
Draw	To require (so great a depth, as of water) for floating; -- said of a vessel; to sink so deep in (water); as, a ship draws ten feet of water.
Draw	To withdraw.
Draw	To trace by scent; to track; -- a hunting term.
Draw	To pull; to exert strength in drawing anything; to have force to move anything by pulling; as, a horse draws well; the sails of a ship draw well.
Draw	To draw a liquid from some receptacle, as water from a well.
Draw	To exert an attractive force; to act as an inducement or enticement.
Draw	To have efficiency as an epispastic; to act as a sinapism; -- said of a blister, poultice, etc.
Draw	To have draught, as a chimney, flue, or the like; to furnish transmission to smoke, gases, etc.
Draw	To unsheathe a weapon, especially a sword.
Draw	To perform the act, or practice the art, of delineation; to sketch; to form figures or pictures.
Draw	To become contracted; to shrink.
Draw	To move; to come or go; literally, to draw one's self; -- with prepositions and adverbs; as, to draw away, to move off, esp. in racing, to get in front; to obtain the lead or increase it; to draw back, to retreat; to draw level, to move up even (with another); to come up to or overtake another; to draw off, to retire or retreat; to draw on, to advance; to draw up, to form in array; to draw near, nigh, or towards, to approach; to draw together, to come together, to collect.
Draw	To make a draft or written demand for payment of money deposited or due; -- usually with on or upon.
Draw	To admit the action of pulling or dragging; to undergo draught; as, a carriage draws easily.
Draw	To sink in water; to require a depth for floating.
Draw	The act of drawing; draught.
Draw	A lot or chance to be drawn.
Draw	A drawn game or battle, etc.
Draw	That part of a bridge which may be raised, swung round, or drawn aside; the movable part of a drawbridge. See the Note under Drawbridge.
Drawable	Capable of being drawn.
Drawback	A loss of advantage, or deduction from profit, value, success, etc.; a discouragement or hindrance; objectionable feature.
Drawback	Money paid back or remitted; especially, a certain amount of duties or customs, sometimes the whole, and sometimes only a part, remitted or paid back by the government, on the exportation of the commodities on which they were levied.
Drawbar	An openmouthed bar at the end of a car, which receives a coupling link and pin by which the car is drawn. It is usually provided with a spring to give elasticity to the connection between the cars of a train.
Drawbar	A bar of iron with an eye at each end, or a heavy link, for coupling a locomotive to a tender or car.
Drawbench	A machine in which strips of metal are drawn through a drawplate; especially, one in which wire is thus made; -- also called drawing bench.
Drawbolt	A coupling pin. See under Coupling.
Drawbore	A hole bored through a tenon nearer to the shoulder than the holes through the cheeks are to the edge or abutment against which the shoulder is to rest, so that a pin or bolt, when driven into it, will draw these parts together.
Drawbore	To make a drawbore in; as, to drawbore a tenon.
Drawbore	To enlarge the bore of a gun barrel by drawing, instead of thrusting, a revolving tool through it.
Drawboy	A boy who operates the harness cords of a hand loom; also, a part of power loom that performs the same office.
Drawbridge	A bridge of which either the whole or a part is made to be raised up, let down, or drawn or turned aside, to admit or hinder communication at pleasure, as before the gate of a town or castle, or over a navigable river or canal.
Drawcansir	A blustering, bullying fellow; a pot-valiant braggart; a bully.
Draw-cut	A single cut with a knife.
Drawee	The person on whom an order or bill of exchange is drawn; -- the correlative of drawer.
Drawer	One who, or that which, draws
Drawer	One who draws liquor for guests; a waiter in a taproom.
Drawer	One who delineates or depicts; a draughtsman; as, a good drawer.
Drawer	One who draws a bill of exchange or order for payment; -- the correlative of drawee.
Drawer	That which is drawn
Drawer	A sliding box or receptacle in a case, which is opened by pulling or drawing out, and closed by pushing in.
Drawer	An under-garment worn on the lower limbs.
Drawfiling	The process of smooth filing by working the file sidewise instead of lengthwise.
Drawgear	A harness for draught horses.
Drawgear	The means or parts by which cars are connected to be drawn.
Drawgloves	An old game, played by holding up the fingers.
Drawhead	The flanged outer end of a drawbar; also, a name applied to the drawgear.
Drawing	The act of pulling, or attracting.
Drawing	The act or the art of representing any object by means of lines and shades; especially, such a representation when in one color, or in tints used not to represent the colors of natural objects, but for effect only, and produced with hard material such as pencil, chalk, etc.; delineation; also, the figure or representation drawn.
Drawing	The process of stretching or spreading metals as by hammering, or, as in forming wire from rods or tubes and cups from sheet metal, by pulling them through dies.
Drawing	The process of pulling out and elongating the sliver from the carding machine, by revolving rollers, to prepare it for spinning.
Drawing	The distribution of prizes and blanks in a lottery.
Drawing knife	Alt. of Drawknife
Drawknife	A joiner's tool having a blade with a handle at each end, used to shave off surfaces, by drawing it toward one; a shave; -- called also drawshave, and drawing shave.
Drawknife	A tool used for the purpose of making an incision along the path a saw is to follow, to prevent it from tearing the surface of the wood.
Drawing-room	A room appropriated for the reception of company; a room to which company withdraws from the dining room.
Drawing-room	The company assembled in such a room; also, a reception of company in it; as, to hold a drawing-room.
Drawled	of Drawl
Drawling	of Drawl
Drawl	To utter in a slow, lengthened tone.
Drawl	To speak with slow and lingering utterance, from laziness, lack of spirit, affectation, etc.
Drawl	A lengthened, slow monotonous utterance.
Drawlatch	A housebreaker or thief.
Drawling	The act of speaking with a drawl; a drawl.
Drawlink	Same as Drawbar (b).
Drawloom	A kind of loom used in weaving figured patterns; -- called also drawboy.
Drawloom	A species of damask made on the drawloom.
Drawn	See Draw, v. t. & i.
Drawnet	A net for catching the larger sorts of birds; also, a dragnet.
Drawplate	A hardened steel plate having a hole, or a gradation of conical holes, through which wires are drawn to be reduced and elongated.
Drawrod	A rod which unites the drawgear at opposite ends of the car, and bears the pull required to draw the train.
Drawshave	See Drawing knife.
Drawspring	The spring to which a drawbar is attached.
Dray	A squirrel's nest.
Dray	A strong low cart or carriage used for heavy burdens.
Dray	A kind of sledge or sled.
Drayage	Use of a dray.
Drayage	The charge, or sum paid, for the use of a dray.
Draymen	of Drayman
Drayman	A man who attends a dray.
Drazel	A slut; a vagabond wench. Same as Drossel.
Dreaded	of Dread
Dreading	of Dread
Dread	To fear in a great degree; to regard, or look forward to, with terrific apprehension.
Dread	To be in dread, or great fear.
Dread	Great fear in view of impending evil; fearful apprehension of danger; anticipatory terror.
Dread	Reverential or respectful fear; awe.
Dread	An object of terrified apprehension.
Dread	A person highly revered.
Dread	Fury; dreadfulness.
Dread	Doubt; as, out of dread.
Dread	Exciting great fear or apprehension; causing terror; frightful; dreadful.
Dread	Inspiring with reverential fear; awful' venerable; as, dread sovereign; dread majesty; dread tribunal.
Dreadable	Worthy of being dreaded.
Dread-bolted	Armed with dreaded bolts.
Dreader	One who fears, or lives in fear.
Dreadful	Full of dread or terror; fearful.
Dreadful	Inspiring dread; impressing great fear; fearful; terrible; as, a dreadful storm.
Dreadful	Inspiring awe or reverence; awful.
Dreadfully	In a dreadful manner; terribly.
Dreadfulness	The quality of being dreadful.
Dreadingly	With dread.
Dreadless	Free from dread; fearless; intrepid; dauntless; as, dreadless heart.
Dreadless	Exempt from danger which causes dread; secure.
Dreadless	Without doubt.
Dreadlessness	Freedom from dread.
Dreadly	Dreadful.
Dreadly	With dread.
Dreadnaught	A fearless person.
Dreadnaught	Hence: A garment made of very thick cloth, that can defend against storm and cold; also, the cloth itself; fearnaught.
Dream	The thoughts, or series of thoughts, or imaginary transactions, which occupy the mind during sleep; a sleeping vision.
Dream	A visionary scheme; a wild conceit; an idle fancy; a vagary; a revery; -- in this sense, applied to an imaginary or anticipated state of happiness; as, a dream of bliss; the dream of his youth.
Dreamed	of Dream
Dreamt	of Dream
Dreaming	of Dream
Dream	To have ideas or images in the mind while in the state of sleep; to experience sleeping visions; -- often with of; as, to dream of a battle, or of an absent friend.
Dream	To let the mind run on in idle revery or vagary; to anticipate vaguely as a coming and happy reality; to have a visionary notion or idea; to imagine.
Dream	To have a dream of; to see, or have a vision of, in sleep, or in idle fancy; -- often followed by an objective clause.
Dreamer	One who dreams.
Dreamer	A visionary; one lost in wild imaginations or vain schemes of some anticipated good; as, a political dreamer.
Dreamful	Full of dreams.
Dreamily	As if in a dream; softly; slowly; languidly.
Dreaminess	The state of being dreamy.
Dreamingly	In a dreamy manner.
Dreamland	An unreal, delightful country such as in sometimes pictured in dreams; region of fancies; fairyland.
Dreamless	Free from, or without, dreams.
Dreamy	Abounding in dreams or given to dreaming; appropriate to, or like, dreams; visionary.
Drear	Dismal; gloomy with solitude.
Drear	Sadness; dismalness.
Drearihead	Alt. of Drearihood
Drearihood	Affliction; dreariness.
Drearily	Gloomily; dismally.
Dreariment	Dreariness.
Dreariness	Sorrow; wretchedness.
Dreariness	Dismalness; gloomy solitude.
Drearing	Sorrow.
Drearisome	Very dreary.
Dreary	Sorrowful; distressful.
Dreary	Exciting cheerless sensations, feelings, or associations; comfortless; dismal; gloomy.
Drecche	To vex; to torment; to trouble.
Drecche	To delay.
Dredge	Any instrument used to gather or take by dragging; as: (a) A dragnet for taking up oysters, etc., from their beds. (b) A dredging machine. (c) An iron frame, with a fine net attached, used in collecting animals living at the bottom of the sea.
Dredge	Very fine mineral matter held in suspension in water.
Dredged	of Dredge
Dredging	of Dredge
Dredge	To catch or gather with a dredge; to deepen with a dredging machine.
Dredge	A mixture of oats and barley.
Dredge	To sift or sprinkle flour, etc., on, as on roasting meat.
Dredger	One who fishes with a dredge.
Dredger	A dredging machine.
Dredger	A box with holes in its lid; -- used for sprinkling flour, as on meat or a breadboard; -- called also dredging box, drudger, and drudging box.
Dree	To endure; to suffer.
Dree	To be able to do or endure.
Dree	Wearisome; tedious.
Dreg	Corrupt or defiling matter contained in a liquid, or precipitated from it; refuse; feculence; lees; grounds; sediment; hence, the vilest and most worthless part of anything; as, the dregs of society.
Dregginess	Fullness of dregs or lees; foulness; feculence.
Dreggish	Foul with lees; feculent.
Dreggy	Containing dregs or lees; muddy; foul; feculent.
Drein	To drain.
Dreint	p. p. of Drench to drown.
Dreissena	A genus of bivalve shells of which one species (D. polymorpha) is often so abundant as to be very troublesome in the fresh waters of Europe.
Drenched	of Drench
Drenching	of Drench
Drench	To cause to drink; especially, to dose by force; to put a potion down the throat of, as of a horse; hence. to purge violently by physic.
Drench	To steep in moisture; to wet thoroughly; to soak; to saturate with water or other liquid; to immerse.
Drench	A drink; a draught; specifically, a potion of medicine poured or forced down the throat; also, a potion that causes purging.
Drench	A military vassal mentioned in Domesday Book.
Drenche	To drown.
Drencher	One who, or that which, west or steeps.
Drencher	One who administers a drench.
Drengage	The tenure by which a drench held land.
Drent	Drenched; drowned.
Dresden ware	A superior kind of decorated porcelain made near Dresden in Saxony.
Dressed	of Dress
Drest	of Dress
Dressing	of Dress
Dress	To direct; to put right or straight; to regulate; to order.
Dress	To arrange in exact continuity of line, as soldiers; commonly to adjust to a straight line and at proper distance; to align; as, to dress the ranks.
Dress	To treat methodically with remedies, bandages, or curative appliances, as a sore, an ulcer, a wound, or a wounded or diseased part.
Dress	To adjust; to put in good order; to arrange; specifically: (a) To prepare for use; to fit for any use; to render suitable for an intended purpose; to get ready; as, to dress a slain animal; to dress meat; to dress leather or cloth; to dress or trim a lamp; to dress a garden; to dress a horse, by currying and rubbing; to dress grain, by cleansing it; in mining and metallurgy, to dress ores, by sorting and separating them.
Dress	To cut to proper dimensions, or give proper shape to, as to a tool by hammering; also, to smooth or finish.
Dress	To put in proper condition by appareling, as the body; to put clothes upon; to apparel; to invest with garments or rich decorations; to clothe; to deck.
Dress	To break and train for use, as a horse or other animal.
Dress	To arrange one's self in due position in a line of soldiers; -- the word of command to form alignment in ranks; as, Right, dress!
Dress	To clothe or apparel one's self; to put on one's garments; to pay particular regard to dress; as, to dress quickly.
Dress	That which is used as the covering or ornament of the body; clothes; garments; habit; apparel.
Dress	A lady's gown; as, silk or a velvet dress.
Dress	Attention to apparel, or skill in adjusting it.
Dress	The system of furrows on the face of a millstone.
Dress coat	A coat with skirts behind only, as distinct from the frock coat, of which the skirts surround the body. It is worn on occasions of ceremony. The dress coat of officers of the United States army is a full-skirted frock coat.
Dresser	One who dresses; one who put in order or makes ready for use; one who on clothes or ornaments.
Dresser	A kind of pick for shaping large coal.
Dresser	An assistant in a hospital, whose office it is to dress wounds, sores, etc.
Dresser	A table or bench on which meat and other things are dressed, or prepared for use.
Dresser	A cupboard or set of shelves to receive dishes and cooking utensils.
Dress goods	A term applied to fabrics for the gowns of women and girls; -- most commonly to fabrics of mixed materials, but also applicable to silks, printed linens, and calicoes.
Dressiness	The state of being dressy.
Dressing	Dress; raiment; especially, ornamental habiliment or attire.
Dressing	An application (a remedy, bandage, etc.) to a sore or wound.
Dressing	Manure or compost over land. When it remains on the surface, it is called a top-dressing.
Dressing	A preparation to fit food for use; a condiment; as, a dressing for salad.
Dressing	The stuffing of fowls, pigs, etc.; forcemeat.
Dressing	Gum, starch, and the like, used in stiffening or finishing silk, linen, and other fabrics.
Dressing	An ornamental finish, as a molding around doors, windows, or on a ceiling, etc.
Dressing	Castigation; scolding; -- often with down.
Dressmaker	A maker of gowns, or similar garments; a mantuamaker.
Dressmaking	The art, process, or occupation, of making dresses.
Dressy	Showy in dress; attentive to dress.
Drest	of Dress.
Dretch	See Drecche.
Dreul	To drool.
Drevil	A fool; a drudge. See Drivel.
Drew	of Draw.
Drey	A squirrel's nest. See Dray.
Dreye	Dry.
Dreynt	p. p., of Drench to drown.
Dribbed	of Drib
Dribbing	of Drib
Drib	To do by little and little
Drib	To cut off by a little at a time; to crop.
Drib	To appropriate unlawfully; to filch; to defalcate.
Drib	To lead along step by step; to entice.
Drib	To shoot (a shaft) so as to pierce on the descent.
Drib	A drop.
Dribber	One who dribs; one who shoots weakly or badly.
Dribbled	of Dribble
Dribbing	of Dribble
Dribble	To fall in drops or small drops, or in a quick succession of drops; as, water dribbles from the eaves.
Dribble	To slaver, as a child or an idiot; to drivel.
Dribble	To fall weakly and slowly.
Dribble	To let fall in drops.
Dribble	A drizzling shower; a falling or leaking in drops.
Dribbler	One who dribbles.
Dribblet	Alt. of Driblet
Driblet	A small piece or part; a small sum; a small quantity of money in making up a sum; as, the money was paid in dribblets.
Drie	To endure.
Dried	of Day. Also adj.; as, dried apples.
Drier	One who, or that which, dries; that which may expel or absorb moisture; a desiccative; as, the sun and a northwesterly wind are great driers of the earth.
Drier	Drying oil; a substance mingled with the oil used in oil painting to make it dry quickly.
Drier	Alt. of Driest
Driest	of Dry, a.
Drift	A driving; a violent movement.
Drift	The act or motion of drifting; the force which impels or drives; an overpowering influence or impulse.
Drift	Course or direction along which anything is driven; setting.
Drift	The tendency of an act, argument, course of conduct, or the like; object aimed at or intended; intention; hence, also, import or meaning of a sentence or discourse; aim.
Drift	That which is driven, forced, or urged along
Drift	Anything driven at random.
Drift	A mass of matter which has been driven or forced onward together in a body, or thrown together in a heap, etc., esp. by wind or water; as, a drift of snow, of ice, of sand, and the like.
Drift	A drove or flock, as of cattle, sheep, birds.
Drift	The horizontal thrust or pressure of an arch or vault upon the abutments.
Drift	A collection of loose earth and rocks, or boulders, which have been distributed over large portions of the earth's surface, especially in latitudes north of forty degrees, by the agency of ice.
Drift	In South Africa, a ford in a river.
Drift	A slightly tapered tool of steel for enlarging or shaping a hole in metal, by being forced or driven into or through it; a broach.
Drift	A tool used in driving down compactly the composition contained in a rocket, or like firework.
Drift	A deviation from the line of fire, peculiar to oblong projectiles.
Drift	A passage driven or cut between shaft and shaft; a driftway; a small subterranean gallery; an adit or tunnel.
Drift	The distance through which a current flows in a given time.
Drift	The angle which the line of a ship's motion makes with the meridian, in drifting.
Drift	The distance to which a vessel is carried off from her desired course by the wind, currents, or other causes.
Drift	The place in a deep-waisted vessel where the sheer is raised and the rail is cut off, and usually terminated with a scroll, or driftpiece.
Drift	The distance between the two blocks of a tackle.
Drift	The difference between the size of a bolt and the hole into which it is driven, or between the circumference of a hoop and that of the mast on which it is to be driven.
Drifted	of Drift
Drifting	of Drift
Drift	To float or be driven along by, or as by, a current of water or air; as, the ship drifted astern; a raft drifted ashore; the balloon drifts slowly east.
Drift	To accumulate in heaps by the force of wind; to be driven into heaps; as, snow or sand drifts.
Drift	to make a drift; to examine a vein or ledge for the purpose of ascertaining the presence of metals or ores; to follow a vein; to prospect.
Drift	To drive or carry, as currents do a floating body.
Drift	To drive into heaps; as, a current of wind drifts snow or sand.
Drift	To enlarge or shape, as a hole, with a drift.
Drift	That causes drifting or that is drifted; movable by wind or currents; as, drift currents; drift ice; drift mud.
Driftage	Deviation from a ship's course due to leeway.
Driftage	Anything that drifts.
Driftbolt	A bolt for driving out other bolts.
Driftless	Having no drift or direction; without aim; purposeless.
Driftpiece	An upright or curved piece of timber connecting the plank sheer with the gunwale; also, a scroll terminating a rail.
Driftpin	A smooth drift. See Drift, n., 9.
Driftway	A common way, road, or path, for driving cattle.
Driftway	Same as Drift, 11.
Driftweed	Seaweed drifted to the shore by the wind.
Driftwind	A driving wind; a wind that drives snow, sand, etc., into heaps.
Driftwood	Wood drifted or floated by water.
Driftwood	Fig.: Whatever is drifting or floating as on water.
Drifty	Full of drifts; tending to form drifts, as snow, and the like.
Drilled	of Drill
Drilling	of Drill
Drill	To pierce or bore with a drill, or a with a drill; to perforate; as, to drill a hole into a rock; to drill a piece of metal.
Drill	To train in the military art; to exercise diligently, as soldiers, in military evolutions and exercises; hence, to instruct thoroughly in the rudiments of any art or branch of knowledge; to discipline.
Drill	To practice an exercise or exercises; to train one's self.
Drill	An instrument with an edged or pointed end used for making holes in hard substances; strictly, a tool that cuts with its end, by revolving, as in drilling metals, or by a succession of blows, as in drilling stone; also, a drill press.
Drill	The act or exercise of training soldiers in the military art, as in the manual of arms, in the execution of evolutions, and the like; hence, diligent and strict instruction and exercise in the rudiments and methods of any business; a kind or method of military exercises; as, infantry drill; battalion drill; artillery drill.
Drill	Any exercise, physical or mental, enforced with regularity and by constant repetition; as, a severe drill in Latin grammar.
Drill	A marine gastropod, of several species, which kills oysters and other bivalves by drilling holes through the shell. The most destructive kind is Urosalpinx cinerea.
Drill	To cause to flow in drills or rills or by trickling; to drain by trickling; as, waters drilled through a sandy stratum.
Drill	To sow, as seeds, by dribbling them along a furrow or in a row, like a trickling rill of water.
Drill	To entice; to allure from step; to decoy; -- with on.
Drill	To cause to slip or waste away by degrees.
Drill	To trickle.
Drill	To sow in drills.
Drill	A small trickling stream; a rill.
Drill	An implement for making holes for sowing seed, and sometimes so formed as to contain seeds and drop them into the hole made.
Drill	A light furrow or channel made to put seed into sowing.
Drill	A row of seed sown in a furrow.
Drill	A large African baboon (Cynocephalus leucophaeus).
Drill	Same as Drilling.
Driller	One who, or that which, drills.
Drilling	The act of piercing with a drill.
Drilling	A training by repeated exercises.
Drilling	The act of using a drill in sowing seeds.
Drilling	A heavy, twilled fabric of linen or cotton.
Drillmaster	One who teaches drill, especially in the way of gymnastics.
Drill press	A machine for drilling holes in metal, the drill being pressed to the metal by the action of a screw.
Drillstock	A contrivance for holding and turning a drill.
Drily	See Dryly.
Drimys	A genus of magnoliaceous trees. Drimys aromatica furnishes Winter's bark.
Drank	of Drink
Drunk	of Drink
Drunk	of Drink
Drunken	of Drink
Drinking	of Drink
Drink	To swallow anything liquid, for quenching thirst or other purpose; to imbibe; to receive or partake of, as if in satisfaction of thirst; as, to drink from a spring.
Drink	To quaff exhilarating or intoxicating liquors, in merriment or feasting; to carouse; to revel; hence, to lake alcoholic liquors to excess; to be intemperate in the /se of intoxicating or spirituous liquors; to tipple.
Drink	To swallow (a liquid); to receive, as a fluid, into the stomach; to imbibe; as, to drink milk or water.
Drink	To take in (a liquid), in any manner; to suck up; to absorb; to imbibe.
Drink	To take in; to receive within one, through the senses; to inhale; to hear; to see.
Drink	To smoke, as tobacco.
Drink	Liquid to be swallowed; any fluid to be taken into the stomach for quenching thirst or for other purposes, as water, coffee, or decoctions.
Drink	Specifically, intoxicating liquor; as, when drink is on, wit is out.
Drinkable	Capable of being drunk; suitable for drink; potable. Macaulay. Also used substantively, esp. in the plural.
Drinkableness	State of being drinkable.
Drinker	One who drinks; as, the effects of tea on the drinker; also, one who drinks spirituous liquors to excess; a drunkard.
Drinking	The act of one who drinks; the act of imbibing.
Drinking	The practice of partaking to excess of intoxicating liquors.
Drinking	An entertainment with liquors; a carousal.
Drinkless	Destitute of drink.
Dripped	of Drip
Dript	of Drip
Dripping	of Drip
Drip	To fall in drops; as, water drips from the eaves.
Drip	To let fall drops of moisture or liquid; as, a wet garment drips.
Drip	To let fall in drops.
Drip	A falling or letting fall in drops; a dripping; that which drips, or falls in drops.
Drip	That part of a cornice, sill course, or other horizontal member, which projects beyond the rest, and is of such section as to throw off the rain water.
Dripping	A falling in drops, or the sound so made.
Dripping	That which falls in drops, as fat from meat in roasting.
Dripple	Weak or rare.
Dripstone	A drip, when made of stone. See Drip, 2.
Drove	of Drive
Drave	of Drive
Driven	of Drive
Driving	of Drive
Drive	To impel or urge onward by force in a direction away from one, or along before one; to push forward; to compel to move on; to communicate motion to; as, to drive cattle; to drive a nail; smoke drives persons from a room.
Drive	To urge on and direct the motions of, as the beasts which draw a vehicle, or the vehicle borne by them; hence, also, to take in a carriage; to convey in a vehicle drawn by beasts; as, to drive a pair of horses or a stage; to drive a person to his own door.
Drive	To urge, impel, or hurry forward; to force; to constrain; to urge, press, or bring to a point or state; as, to drive a person by necessity, by persuasion, by force of circumstances, by argument, and the like.
Drive	To carry or; to keep in motion; to conduct; to prosecute.
Drive	To clear, by forcing away what is contained.
Drive	To dig Horizontally; to cut a horizontal gallery or tunnel.
Drive	To pass away; -- said of time.
Drive	To rush and press with violence; to move furiously.
Drive	To be forced along; to be impelled; to be moved by any physical force or agent; to be driven.
Drive	To go by carriage; to pass in a carriage; to proceed by directing or urging on a vehicle or the animals that draw it; as, the coachman drove to my door.
Drive	To press forward; to aim, or tend, to a point; to make an effort; to strive; -- usually with at.
Drive	To distrain for rent.
Drive	Driven.
Drive	The act of driving; a trip or an excursion in a carriage, as for exercise or pleasure; -- distinguished from a ride taken on horseback.
Drive	A place suitable or agreeable for driving; a road prepared for driving.
Drive	Violent or rapid motion; a rushing onward or away; esp., a forced or hurried dispatch of business.
Drive	In type founding and forging, an impression or matrix, formed by a punch drift.
Drive	A collection of objects that are driven; a mass of logs to be floated down a river.
Drivebolt	A drift; a tool for setting bolts home.
Driveled	of Drivel
Drivelled	of Drivel
Driveling	of Drivel
Drivelling	of Drivel
Drivel	To slaver; to let spittle drop or flow from the mouth, like a child, idiot, or dotard.
Drivel	To be weak or foolish; to dote; as, a driveling hero; driveling love.
Drivel	Slaver; saliva flowing from the mouth.
Drivel	Inarticulate or unmeaning utterance; foolish talk; babble.
Drivel	A driveler; a fool; an idiot.
Drivel	A servant; a drudge.
Driveler	A slaverer; a slabberer; an idiot; a fool.
Driven	of Drive. Also adj.
Drivepipe	A pipe for forcing into the earth.
Driver	One who, or that which, drives; the person or thing that urges or compels anything else to move onward.
Driver	The person who drives beasts or a carriage; a coachman; a charioteer, etc.; hence, also, one who controls the movements of a locomotive.
Driver	An overseer of a gang of slaves or gang of convicts at their work.
Driver	A part that transmits motion to another part by contact with it, or through an intermediate relatively movable part, as a gear which drives another, or a lever which moves another through a link, etc. Specifically:
Driver	The driving wheel of a locomotive.
Driver	An attachment to a lathe, spindle, or face plate to turn a carrier.
Driver	A crossbar on a grinding mill spindle to drive the upper stone.
Driver	The after sail in a ship or bark, being a fore-and-aft sail attached to a gaff; a spanker.
Driveway	A passage or way along or through which a carriage may be driven.
Driving	Having great force of impulse; as, a driving wind or storm.
Driving	Communicating force; impelling; as, a driving shaft.
Driving	The act of forcing or urging something along; the act of pressing or moving on furiously.
Driving	Tendency; drift.
Drizzled	of Drizzle
Drizzling	of Drizzle
Drizzle	To rain slightly in very small drops; to fall, as water from the clouds, slowly and in fine particles; as, it drizzles; drizzling drops or rain.
Drizzle	To shed slowly in minute drops or particles.
Drizzle	Fine rain or mist.
Drizzly	Characterized by small rain, or snow; moist and disagreeable.
Drock	A water course.
Drofland	Alt. of Dryfland
Dryfland	An ancient yearly payment made by some tenants to the king, or to their landlords, for the privilege of driving their cattle through a manor to fairs or markets.
Drogher	A small craft used in the West India Islands to take off sugars, rum, etc., to the merchantmen; also, a vessel for transporting lumber, cotton, etc., coastwise; as, a lumber drogher.
Drogman	Alt. of Drogoman
Drogoman	See Dragoman.
Drogue	See Drag, n., 6, and Drag sail, under Drag, n.
Droh	of Draw.
Droil	To work sluggishly or slowly; to plod.
Droil	A drudge.
Droil	Mean labor; toil.
Droit	A right; law in its aspect of the foundation of rights; also, in old law, the writ of right.
Droitural	relating to the mere right of property, as distinguished from the right of possession; as, droitural actions.
Droitzschka	See Drosky.
Droll	Queer, and fitted to provoke laughter; ludicrous from oddity; amusing and strange.
Droll	One whose practice it is to raise mirth by odd tricks; a jester; a buffoon; a merry-andrew.
Droll	Something exhibited to raise mirth or sport, as a puppet, a farce, and the like.
Drolled	of Droll
Drolling	of Droll
Droll	To jest; to play the buffoon.
Droll	To lead or influence by jest or trick; to banter or jest; to cajole.
Droll	To make a jest of; to set in a comical light.
Droller	A jester; a droll.
Drolleries	of Drollery
Drollery	The quality of being droll; sportive tricks; buffoonery; droll stories; comical gestures or manners.
Drollery	Something which serves to raise mirth
Drollery	A puppet show; also, a puppet.
Drollery	A lively or comic picture.
Drollingly	In a jesting manner.
Drollish	Somewhat droll.
Drollist	A droll.
Dromaeognathous	Having the structure of the palate like that of the ostrich and emu.
Dromatherium	A small extinct triassic mammal from North Carolina, the earliest yet found in America.
Drome	The crab plover (Dromas ardeola), a peculiar North African bird, allied to the oyster catcher.
Dromedaries	of Dromedary
Dromedary	The Arabian camel (Camelus dromedarius), having one hump or protuberance on the back, in distinction from the Bactrian camel, which has two humps.
Dromond	Alt. of Dromon
Dromon	In the Middle Ages, a large, fast-sailing galley, or cutter; a large, swift war vessel.
Drone	The male of bees, esp. of the honeybee. It gathers no honey. See Honeybee.
Drone	One who lives on the labors of others; a lazy, idle fellow; a sluggard.
Drone	That which gives out a grave or monotonous tone or dull sound; as: (a) A drum. [Obs.] Halliwell. (b) The part of the bagpipe containing the two lowest tubes, which always sound the key note and the fifth.
Drone	A humming or deep murmuring sound.
Drone	A monotonous bass, as in a pastoral composition.
Droned	of Drone
Droning	of Drone
Drone	To utter or make a low, dull, monotonous, humming or murmuring sound.
Drone	To love in idleness; to do nothing.
Drone bee	The male of the honeybee; a drone.
Drone fly	A dipterous insect (Eristalis tenax), resembling the drone bee. See Eristalis.
Dronepipe	One of the low-toned tubes of a bagpipe.
Drongos	of Drongo
Drongo	A passerine bird of the family Dicruridae. They are usually black with a deeply forked tail. They are natives of Asia, Africa, and Australia; -- called also drongo shrikes.
Dronish	Like a drone; indolent; slow.
Dronkelewe	Given to drink; drunken.
Dronte	The dodo.
Drony	Like a drone; sluggish; lazy.
Drooled	of Drool
Drooling	of Drool
Drool	To drivel, or drop saliva; as, the child drools.
Drooped	of Droop
Drooping	of Droop
Droop	To hang bending downward; to sink or hang down, as an animal, plant, etc., from physical inability or exhaustion, want of nourishment, or the like.
Droop	To grow weak or faint with disappointment, grief, or like causes; to be dispirited or depressed; to languish; as, her spirits drooped.
Droop	To proceed downward, or toward a close; to decline.
Droop	To let droop or sink.
Droop	A drooping; as, a droop of the eye.
Drooper	One who, or that which, droops.
Droopingly	In a drooping manner.
Drop	The quantity of fluid which falls in one small spherical mass; a liquid globule; a minim; hence, also, the smallest easily measured portion of a fluid; a small quantity; as, a drop of water.
Drop	That which resembles, or that which hangs like, a liquid drop; as a hanging diamond ornament, an earring, a glass pendant on a chandelier, a sugarplum (sometimes medicated), or a kind of shot or slug.
Drop	Same as Gutta.
Drop	Any small pendent ornament.
Drop	Whatever is arranged to drop, hang, or fall from an elevated position; also, a contrivance for lowering something
Drop	A door or platform opening downward; a trap door; that part of the gallows on which a culprit stands when he is to be hanged; hence, the gallows itself.
Drop	A machine for lowering heavy weights, as packages, coal wagons, etc., to a ship's deck.
Drop	A contrivance for temporarily lowering a gas jet.
Drop	A curtain which drops or falls in front of the stage of a theater, etc.
Drop	A drop press or drop hammer.
Drop	The distance of the axis of a shaft below the base of a hanger.
Drop	Any medicine the dose of which is measured by drops; as, lavender drops.
Drop	The depth of a square sail; -- generally applied to the courses only.
Drop	Act of dropping; sudden fall or descent.
Dropped	of Drop
Dropt	of Drop
Dropping	of Drop
Drop	To pour or let fall in drops; to pour in small globules; to distill.
Drop	To cause to fall in one portion, or by one motion, like a drop; to let fall; as, to drop a line in fishing; to drop a courtesy.
Drop	To let go; to dismiss; to set aside; to have done with; to discontinue; to forsake; to give up; to omit.
Drop	To bestow or communicate by a suggestion; to let fall in an indirect, cautious, or gentle manner; as, to drop hint, a word of counsel, etc.
Drop	To lower, as a curtain, or the muzzle of a gun, etc.
Drop	To send, as a letter; as, please drop me a line, a letter, word.
Drop	To give birth to; as, to drop a lamb.
Drop	To cover with drops; to variegate; to bedrop.
Drop	To fall in drops.
Drop	To fall, in general, literally or figuratively; as, ripe fruit drops from a tree; wise words drop from the lips.
Drop	To let drops fall; to discharge itself in drops.
Drop	To fall dead, or to fall in death.
Drop	To come to an end; to cease; to pass out of mind; as, the affair dropped.
Drop	To come unexpectedly; -- with in or into; as, my old friend dropped in a moment.
Drop	To fall or be depressed; to lower; as, the point of the spear dropped a little.
Drop	To fall short of a mark.
Drop	To be deep in extent; to descend perpendicularly; as, her main topsail drops seventeen yards.
Droplet	A little drop; a tear.
Droplight	An apparatus for bringing artificial light down from a chandelier nearer to a table or desk; a pendant.
Dropmeal	Alt. of Dropmele
Dropmele	By drops or small portions.
Dropper	One who, or that which, drops. Specif.: (Fishing) A fly that drops from the leaden above the bob or end fly.
Dropper	A dropping tube.
Dropper	A branch vein which drops off from, or leaves, the main lode.
Dropper	A dog which suddenly drops upon the ground when it sights game, -- formerly a common, and still an occasional, habit of the setter.
Dropping	The action of causing to drop or of letting drop; falling.
Dropping	That which falls in drops; the excrement or dung of animals.
Droppinly	In drops.
Dropsical	Diseased with dropsy; hydropical; tending to dropsy; as, a dropsical patient.
Dropsical	Of or pertaining to dropsy.
Dropsicalness	State of being dropsical.
Dropsied	Diseased with drops.
Dropsies	of Dropsy
Dropsy	An unnatural collection of serous fluid in any serous cavity of the body, or in the subcutaneous cellular tissue.
Dropt	imp. & p. p. of Drop, v.
Dropwise	After the manner of a drop; in the form of drops.
Dropworm	The larva of any geometrid moth, which drops from trees by means of a thread of silk, as the cankerworm.
Dropwort	An Old World species of Spiraea (S. filipendula), with finely cut leaves.
Drosera	A genus of low perennial or biennial plants, the leaves of which are beset with gland-tipped bristles. See Sundew.
Droskies	of Drosky
Drosky	A low, four-wheeled, open carriage, used in Russia, consisting of a kind of long, narrow bench, on which the passengers ride as on a saddle, with their feet reaching nearly to the ground. Other kinds of vehicles are now so called, esp. a kind of victoria drawn by one or two horses, and used as a public carriage in German cities.
Drosometer	An instrument for measuring the quantity of dew on the surface of a body in the open air. It consists of a balance, having a plate at one end to receive the dew, and at the other a weight protected from the deposit of dew.
Dross	The scum or refuse matter which is thrown off, or falls from, metals in smelting the ore, or in the process of melting; recrement.
Dross	Rust of metals.
Dross	Waste matter; any worthless matter separated from the better part; leavings; dregs; refuse.
Drossel	A slut; a hussy; a drazel.
Drossless	Free from dross.
Drossy	Of, pertaining to, resembling, dross; full of dross; impure; worthless.
Drotchel	See Drossel.
Drough	of Draw.
Drought	Dryness; want of rain or of water; especially, such dryness of the weather as affects the earth, and prevents the growth of plants; aridity.
Drought	Thirst; want of drink.
Drought	Scarcity; lack.
Droughtiness	A state of dryness of the weather; want of rain.
Droughty	Characterized by drought; wanting rain; arid; adust.
Droughty	Dry; thirsty; wanting drink.
Droumy	Troubled; muddy.
Drouth	Same as Drought.
Drouthy	Droughty.
Drove	of Drive.
Drove	A collection of cattle driven, or cattle collected for driving; a number of animals, as oxen, sheep, or swine, driven in a body.
Drove	Any collection of irrational animals, moving or driving forward; as, a finny drove.
Drove	A crowd of people in motion.
Drove	A road for driving cattle; a driftway.
Drove	A narrow drain or channel used in the irrigation of land.
Drove	A broad chisel used to bring stone to a nearly smooth surface; -- called also drove chisel.
Drove	The grooved surface of stone finished by the drove chisel; -- called also drove work.
Droven	of Drive.
Drover	One who drives cattle or sheep to market; one who makes it his business to purchase cattle, and drive them to market.
Drover	A boat driven by the tide.
Drovy	Turbid; muddy; filthy.
Drow	of Draw.
Drowned	of Drown
Drowning	of Drown
Drown	To be suffocated in water or other fluid; to perish in water.
Drown	To overwhelm in water; to submerge; to inundate.
Drown	To deprive of life by immersion in water or other liquid.
Drown	To overpower; to overcome; to extinguish; -- said especially of sound.
Drownage	The act of drowning.
Drowner	One who, or that which, drowns.
Drowsed	of Drowse
Drowsing	of Drowse
Drowse	To sleep imperfectly or unsoundly; to slumber; to be heavy with sleepiness; to doze.
Drowse	To make heavy with sleepiness or imperfect sleep; to make dull or stupid.
Drowse	A slight or imperfect sleep; a doze.
Drowsihead	Drowsiness.
Drowsihed	Drowsihead.
Drowsily	In a drowsy manner.
Drowsiness	State of being drowsy.
Drowsy	Inclined to drowse; heavy with sleepiness; lethargic; dozy.
Drowsy	Disposing to sleep; lulling; soporific.
Drowsy	Dull; stupid.
Drowth	See Drought.
Droyle	See Droil.
Drubbed	of Drub
Drubbing	of Drub
Drub	To beat with a stick; to thrash; to cudgel.
Drub	A blow with a cudgel; a thump.
Drubber	One who drubs.
Drudged	of Drudge
Drudging	of Drudge
Drudge	To perform menial work; to labor in mean or unpleasant offices with toil and fatigue.
Drudge	To consume laboriously; -- with away.
Drudge	One who drudges; one who works hard in servile employment; a mental servant.
Drudger	One who drudges; a drudge.
Drudger	A dredging box.
Drudgery	The act of drudging; disagreeable and wearisome labor; ignoble or slavish toil.
Drudging box	See Dredging box.
Drudgingly	In a drudging manner; laboriously.
Druery	Courtship; gallantry; love; an object of love.
Drug	To drudge; to toil laboriously.
Drug	A drudge (?).
Drug	Any animal, vegetable, or mineral substance used in the composition of medicines; any stuff used in dyeing or in chemical operations.
Drug	Any commodity that lies on hand, or is not salable; an article of slow sale, or in no demand.
Drugged	of Drug
Drugging	of Drug
Drug	To prescribe or administer drugs or medicines.
Drug	To affect or season with drugs or ingredients; esp., to stupefy by a narcotic drug. Also Fig.
Drug	To tincture with something offensive or injurious.
Drug	To dose to excess with, or as with, drugs.
Drugger	A druggist.
Drugget	A coarse woolen cloth dyed of one color or printed on one side; generally used as a covering for carpets.
Drugget	By extension, any material used for the same purpose.
Druggist	One who deals in drugs; especially, one who buys and sells drugs without compounding them; also, a pharmaceutist or apothecary.
Drugster	A druggist.
Druid	One of an order of priests which in ancient times existed among certain branches of the Celtic race, especially among the Gauls and Britons.
Druid	A member of a social and benevolent order, founded in London in 1781, and professedly based on the traditions of the ancient Druids. Lodges or groves of the society are established in other countries.
Druidess	A female Druid; a prophetess.
Druidic	Alt. of Druidical
Druidical	Pertaining to, or resembling, the Druids.
Druidish	Druidic.
Druidism	The system of religion, philosophy, and instruction, received and taught by the Druids; the rites and ceremonies of the Druids.
Drum	An instrument of percussion, consisting either of a hollow cylinder, over each end of which is stretched a piece of skin or vellum, to be beaten with a stick; or of a metallic hemisphere (kettledrum) with a single piece of skin to be so beaten; the common instrument for marking time in martial music; one of the pair of tympani in an orchestra, or cavalry band.
Drum	Anything resembling a drum in form
Drum	A sheet iron radiator, often in the shape of a drum, for warming an apartment by means of heat received from a stovepipe, or a cylindrical receiver for steam, etc.
Drum	A small cylindrical box in which figs, etc., are packed.
Drum	The tympanum of the ear; -- often, but incorrectly, applied to the tympanic membrane.
Drum	One of the cylindrical, or nearly cylindrical, blocks, of which the shaft of a column is composed; also, a vertical wall, whether circular or polygonal in plan, carrying a cupola or dome.
Drum	A cylinder on a revolving shaft, generally for the purpose of driving several pulleys, by means of belts or straps passing around its periphery; also, the barrel of a hoisting machine, on which the rope or chain is wound.
Drum	See Drumfish.
Drum	A noisy, tumultuous assembly of fashionable people at a private house; a rout.
Drum	A tea party; a kettledrum.
Drummed	of Drum
Drumming	of Drum
Drum	To beat a drum with sticks; to beat or play a tune on a drum.
Drum	To beat with the fingers, as with drumsticks; to beat with a rapid succession of strokes; to make a noise like that of a beaten drum; as, the ruffed grouse drums with his wings.
Drum	To throb, as the heart.
Drum	To go about, as a drummer does, to gather recruits, to draw or secure partisans, customers, etc,; -- with for.
Drum	To execute on a drum, as a tune.
Drum	(With out) To expel ignominiously, with beat of drum; as, to drum out a deserter or rogue from a camp, etc.
Drum	(With up) To assemble by, or as by, beat of drum; to collect; to gather or draw by solicitation; as, to drum up recruits; to drum up customers.
Drumbeat	The sound of a beaten drum; drum music.
Drumble	To be sluggish or lazy; to be confused.
Drumble	To mumble in speaking.
Drumfish	Any fish of the family Sciaenidae, which makes a loud noise by means of its air bladder; -- called also drum.
Drumhead	The parchment or skin stretched over one end of a drum.
Drumhead	The top of a capstan which is pierced with sockets for levers used in turning it. See Illust. of Capstan.
Drumlin	A hill of compact, unstratified, glacial drift or till, usually elongate or oval, with the larger axis parallel to the former local glacial motion.
Drumly	Turbid; muddy.
Drum major	.
Drum major	The chief or first drummer of a regiment; an instructor of drummers.
Drum major	The marching leader of a military band.
Drum major	A noisy gathering. [R.] See under Drum, n., 4.
Drummer	One whose office is to best the drum, as in military exercises and marching.
Drummer	One who solicits custom; a commercial traveler.
Drummer	A fish that makes a sound when caught
Drummer	The squeteague.
Drummer	A California sculpin.
Drummer	A large West Indian cockroach (Blatta gigantea) which drums on woodwork, as a sexual call.
Drumming	The act of beating upon, or as if upon, a drum; also, the noise which the male of the ruffed grouse makes in spring, by beating his wings upon his sides.
Drummond light	A very intense light, produced by turning two streams of gas, one oxygen and the other hydrogen, or coal gas, in a state of ignition, upon a ball of lime; or a stream of oxygen gas through a flame of alcohol upon a ball or disk of lime; -- called also oxycalcium light, or lime light.
Drumstick	A stick with which a drum is beaten.
Drumstick	Anything resembling a drumstick in form, as the tibiotarsus, or second joint, of the leg of a fowl.
Drunk	Intoxicated with, or as with, strong drink; inebriated; drunken; -- never used attributively, but always predicatively; as, the man is drunk (not, a drunk man).
Drunk	Drenched or saturated with moisture or liquid.
Drunk	A drunken condition; a spree.
Drunkard	One who habitually drinks strong liquors immoderately; one whose habit it is to get drunk; a toper; a sot.
Drunken	Overcome by strong drink; intoxicated by, or as by, spirituous liquor; inebriated.
Drunken	Saturated with liquid or moisture; drenched.
Drunken	Pertaining to, or proceeding from, intoxication.
Drunkenhead	Drunkenness.
Drunkenly	In a drunken manner.
Drunkenness	The state of being drunken with, or as with, alcoholic liquor; intoxication; inebriety; -- used of the casual state or the habit.
Drunkenness	Disorder of the faculties, resembling intoxication by liquors; inflammation; frenzy; rage.
Drunkenship	Alt. of Drunkship
Drunkship	The state of being drunk; drunkenness.
Drupaceous	Producing, or pertaining to, drupes; having the form of drupes; as, drupaceous trees or fruits.
Drupal	Drupaceous.
Drupe	A fruit consisting of pulpy, coriaceous, or fibrous exocarp, without valves, containing a nut or stone with a kernel. The exocarp is succulent in the plum, cherry, apricot, peach, etc.; dry and subcoriaceous in the almond; and fibrous in the cocoanut.
Drupel	Alt. of Drupelet
Drupelet	A small drupe, as one of the pulpy grains of the blackberry.
Druse	A cavity in a rock, having its interior surface studded with crystals and sometimes filled with water; a geode.
Druse	One of a people and religious sect dwelling chiefly in the Lebanon mountains of Syria.
Drusy	Alt. of Drused
Drused	Covered with a large number of minute crystals.
Druxey	Alt. of Druxy
Druxy	Having decayed spots or streaks of a whitish color; -- said of timber.
Dry	Free from moisture; having little humidity or none; arid; not wet or moist; deficient in the natural or normal supply of moisture, as rain or fluid of any kind; -- said especially: (a) Of the weather: Free from rain or mist.
Dry	Of vegetable matter: Free from juices or sap; not succulent; not green; as, dry wood or hay.
Dry	Of animals: Not giving milk; as, the cow is dry.
Dry	Of persons: Thirsty; needing drink.
Dry	Of the eyes: Not shedding tears.
Dry	Of certain morbid conditions, in which there is entire or comparative absence of moisture; as, dry gangrene; dry catarrh.
Dry	Destitute of that which interests or amuses; barren; unembellished; jejune; plain.
Dry	Characterized by a quality somewhat severe, grave, or hard; hence, sharp; keen; shrewd; quaint; as, a dry tone or manner; dry wit.
Dry	Exhibiting a sharp, frigid preciseness of execution, or the want of a delicate contour in form, and of easy transition in coloring.
Dried	of Dry
Drying	of Dry
Dry	To make dry; to free from water, or from moisture of any kind, and by any means; to exsiccate; as, to dry the eyes; to dry one's tears; the wind dries the earth; to dry a wet cloth; to dry hay.
Dry	To grow dry; to become free from wetness, moisture, or juice; as, the road dries rapidly.
Dry	To evaporate wholly; to be exhaled; -- said of moisture, or a liquid; -- sometimes with up; as, the stream dries, or dries up.
Dry	To shrivel or wither; to lose vitality.
Dryad	A wood nymph; a nymph whose life was bound up with that of her tree.
Dryandra	A genus of shrubs growing in Australia, having beautiful, hard, dry, evergreen leaves.
Dryades	of Dryas
Dryas	A dryad.
Dry-beat	To beat severely.
Dry-boned	Having dry bones, or bones without flesh.
Dry dock	See under Dock.
Dryer	See Drier.
Dry-eyed	Not having tears in the eyes.
Dry-fisted	Niggardly.
Dryfoot	The scent of the game, as far as it can be traced.
Dry goods	A commercial name for textile fabrics, cottons, woolens, linen, silks, laces, etc., -- in distinction from groceries.
Drying	Adapted or tending to exhaust moisture; as, a drying wind or day; a drying room.
Drying	Having the quality of rapidly becoming dry.
Dryly	In a dry manner; not succulently; without interest; without sympathy; coldly.
Dryness	The state of being dry. See Dry.
Dry nurse	A nurse who attends and feeds a child by hand; -- in distinction from a wet nurse, who suckles it.
Drynurse	To feed, attend, and bring up without the breast.
Dryobalanops	The genus to which belongs the single species D. Camphora, a lofty resinous tree of Borneo and Sumatra, yielding Borneo camphor and camphor oil.
Dry-rubbed	of Dry-rub
Dry-rubbing	of Dry-rub
Dry-rub	To rub and cleanse without wetting.
Drysalter	A dealer in salted or dried meats, pickles, sauces, etc., and in the materials used in pickling, salting, and preserving various kinds of food Hence drysalters usually sell a number of saline substances and miscellaneous drugs.
Drysaltery	The articles kept by a drysalter; also, the business of a drysalter.
Dry-shod	Without wetting the feet.
Dry-stone	Constructed of uncemented stone.
Dryth	Alt. of Drith
Drith	Drought.
Duad	A union of two; duality.
Dual	Expressing, or consisting of, the number two; belonging to two; as, the dual number of nouns, etc. , in Greek.
Dualin	An explosive substance consisting essentially of sawdust or wood pulp, saturated with nitroglycerin and other similar nitro compounds. It is inferior to dynamite, and is more liable to explosion.
Dualism	State of being dual or twofold; a twofold division; any system which is founded on a double principle, or a twofold distinction
Dualism	A view of man as constituted of two original and independent elements, as matter and spirit.
Dualism	A system which accepts two gods, or two original principles, one good and the other evil.
Dualism	The doctrine that all mankind are divided by the arbitrary decree of God, and in his eternal foreknowledge, into two classes, the elect and the reprobate.
Dualism	The theory that each cerebral hemisphere acts independently of the other.
Dualist	One who believes in dualism; a ditheist.
Dualist	One who administers two offices.
Dualistic	Consisting of two; pertaining to dualism or duality.
Duality	The quality or condition of being two or twofold; dual character or usage.
Duan	A division of a poem corresponding to a canto; a poem or song.
Duarchy	Government by two persons.
Dubbed	of Dub
Dubbing	of Dub
Dub	To confer knighthood upon; as, the king dubbed his son Henry a knight.
Dub	To invest with any dignity or new character; to entitle; to call.
Dub	To clothe or invest; to ornament; to adorn.
Dub	To strike, rub, or dress smooth; to dab;
Dub	To dress with an adz; as, to dub a stick of timber smooth.
Dub	To strike cloth with teasels to raise a nap.
Dub	To rub or dress with grease, as leather in the process of cyrrying it.
Dub	To prepare for fighting, as a gamecock, by trimming the hackles and cutting off the comb and wattles.
Dub	To make a noise by brisk drumbeats.
Dub	A blow.
Dub	A pool or puddle.
Dubb	The Syrian bear. See under Bear.
Dubber	One who, or that which, dubs.
Dubber	A globular vessel or bottle of leather, used in India to hold ghee, oil, etc.
Dubbing	The act of dubbing, as a knight, etc.
Dubbing	The act of rubbing, smoothing, or dressing; a dressing off smooth with an adz.
Dubbing	A dressing of flour and water used by weavers; a mixture of oil and tallow for dressing leather; daubing.
Dubbing	The body substance of an angler's fly.
Dubieties	of Dubiety
Dubiety	Doubtfulness; uncertainty; doubt.
Dubiosities	of Dubiosity
Dubiosity	The state of being doubtful; a doubtful statement or thing.
Dubious	Doubtful or not settled in opinion; being in doubt; wavering or fluctuating; undetermined.
Dubious	Occasioning doubt; not clear, or obvious; equivocal; questionable; doubtful; as, a dubious answer.
Dubious	Of uncertain event or issue; as, in dubious battle.
Dubiously	In a dubious manner.
Dubiousness	State of being dubious.
Dubitable	Liable to be doubted; uncertain.
Dubitancy	Doubt; uncertainty.
Dubitate	To doubt.
Dubitation	Act of doubting; doubt.
Dubitative	Tending to doubt; doubtful.
Duboisia	Same as Duboisine.
Duboisine	An alkaloid obtained from the leaves of an Australian tree (Duboisia myoporoides), and regarded as identical with hyoscyamine. It produces dilation of the pupil of the eye.
Ducal	Of or pertaining to a duke.
Ducally	In the manner of a duke, or in a manner becoming the rank of a duke.
Ducat	A coin, either of gold or silver, of several countries in Europe; originally, one struck in the dominions of a duke.
Ducatoon	A silver coin of several countries of Europe, and of different values.
Duces tecum	A judicial process commanding a person to appear in court and bring with him some piece of evidence or other thing to be produced to the court.
Duchess	The wife or widow of a duke; also, a lady who has the sovereignty of a duchy in her own right.
Duchesse d'Angouleme	A variety of pear of large size and excellent flavor.
Duchies	of Duchy
Duchy	The territory or dominions of a duke; a dukedom.
Duck	A pet; a darling.
Duck	A linen (or sometimes cotton) fabric, finer and lighter than canvas, -- used for the lighter sails of vessels, the sacking of beds, and sometimes for men's clothing.
Duck	The light clothes worn by sailors in hot climates.
Ducked	of Duck
Ducking	of Duck
Duck	To thrust or plunge under water or other liquid and suddenly withdraw.
Duck	To plunge the head of under water, immediately withdrawing it; as, duck the boy.
Duck	To bow; to bob down; to move quickly with a downward motion.
Duck	To go under the surface of water and immediately reappear; to dive; to plunge the head in water or other liquid; to dip.
Duck	To drop the head or person suddenly; to bow.
Duck	Any bird of the subfamily Anatinae, family Anatidae.
Duck	A sudden inclination of the bead or dropping of the person, resembling the motion of a duck in water.
Duckbill	See Duck mole, under Duck, n.
Duck-billed	Having a bill like that of a duck.
Ducker	One who, or that which, ducks; a plunger; a diver.
Ducker	A cringing, servile person; a fawner.
Ducking	n. & a., from Duck, v. t. & i.
Duck-legged	Having short legs, like a waddling duck; short-legged.
Duckling	A young or little duck.
Duckmeat	Alt. of Duck's-meat
Duck's-meat	Duckweed.
Duck's-bill	Having the form of a duck's bill.
Duck's-foot	The May apple (Podophyllum peltatum).
Duckweed	A genus (Lemna) of small plants, seen floating in great quantity on the surface of stagnant pools fresh water, and supposed to furnish food for ducks; -- called also duckmeat.
Duct	Any tube or canal by which a fluid or other substance is conducted or conveyed.
Duct	One of the vessels of an animal body by which the products of glandular secretion are conveyed to their destination.
Duct	A large, elongated cell, either round or prismatic, usually found associated with woody fiber.
Duct	Guidance; direction.
Ductible	Capable of being drawn out
Ductile	Easily led; tractable; complying; yielding to motives, persuasion, or instruction; as, a ductile people.
Ductile	Capable of being elongated or drawn out, as into wire or threads.
Ductilimeter	An instrument for accurately determining the ductility of metals.
Ductility	The property of a metal which allows it to be drawn into wires or filaments.
Ductility	Tractableness; pliableness.
Duction	Guidance.
Ductless	Having to duct or outlet; as, a ductless gland.
Ductor	One who leads.
Ductor	A contrivance for removing superfluous ink or coloring matter from a roller. See Doctor, 4.
Ducture	Guidance.
Dudder	To confuse or confound with noise.
Dudder	To shiver or tremble; to dodder.
Dudder	A peddler or hawker, especially of cheap and flashy goods pretended to be smuggled; a duffer.
Duddery	A place where rags are bought and kept for sale.
Dude	A kind of dandy; especially, one characterized by an ultrafashionable style of dress and other affectations.
Dudeen	A short tobacco pipe.
Dudgeon	The root of the box tree, of which hafts for daggers were made.
Dudgeon	The haft of a dagger.
Dudgeon	A dudgeon-hafted dagger; a dagger.
Dudgeon	Resentment; ill will; anger; displeasure.
Dudgeon	Homely; rude; coarse.
Dudish	Like, or characterized of, a dude.
Duds	Old or inferior clothes; tattered garments.
Duds	Effects, in general.
Due	Owed, as a debt; that ought to be paid or done to or for another; payable; owing and demandable.
Due	Justly claimed as a right or property; proper; suitable; becoming; appropriate; fit.
Due	Such as (a thing) ought to be; fulfilling obligation; proper; lawful; regular; appointed; sufficient; exact; as, due process of law; due service; in due time.
Due	Appointed or required to arrive at a given time; as, the steamer was due yesterday.
Due	Owing; ascribable, as to a cause.
Due	Directly; exactly; as, a due east course.
Due	That which is owed; debt; that which one contracts to pay, or do, to or for another; that which belongs or may be claimed as a right; whatever custom, law, or morality requires to be done; a fee; a toll.
Due	Right; just title or claim.
Due	To endue.
Duebill	A brief written acknowledgment of a debt, not made payable to order, like a promissory note.
Dueful	Fit; becoming.
Duel	A combat between two persons, fought with deadly weapons, by agreement. It usually arises from an injury done or an affront given by one to the other.
Duel	To fight in single combat.
Dueler	One who engages in a duel.
Dueling	The act or practice of fighting in single combat. Also adj.
Duelist	One who fights in single combat.
Duelo	A duel; also, the rules of dueling.
Duea	See Doa.
Dueness	Quality of being due; debt; what is due or becoming.
Duennas	of Duenna
Duenna	The chief lady in waiting on the queen of Spain.
Duenna	An elderly lady holding a station between a governess and companion, and appointed to have charge over the younger ladies in a Spanish or a Portuguese family.
Duenna	Any old woman who is employed to guard a younger one; a governess.
Duet	A composition for two performers, whether vocal or instrumental.
Duettino	A duet of short extent and concise form.
Duetto	See Duet.
Duff	Dough or paste.
Duff	A stiff flour pudding, boiled in a bag; -- a term used especially by seamen; as, plum duff.
Duffel	A kind of coarse woolen cloth, having a thick nap or frieze.
Duffer	A peddler or hawker, especially of cheap, flashy articles, as sham jewelry; hence, a sham or cheat.
Duffer	A stupid, awkward, inefficient person.
Duffle	See Duffel.
Dufrenite	A mineral of a blackish green color, commonly massive or in nodules. It is a hydrous phosphate of iron.
Dug	A teat, pap, or nipple; -- formerly that of a human mother, now that of a cow or other beast.
Dug	of Dig.
Dugong	An aquatic herbivorous mammal (Halicore dugong), of the order Sirenia, allied to the manatee, but with a bilobed tail. It inhabits the Red Sea, Indian Ocean, East Indies, and Australia.
Dugout	A canoe or boat dug out from a large log.
Dugout	A place dug out.
Dugout	A house made partly in a hillside or slighter elevation.
Dugway	A way or road dug through a hill, or sunk below the surface of the land.
Duke	A leader; a chief; a prince.
Duke	In England, one of the highest order of nobility after princes and princesses of the royal blood and the four archbishops of England and Ireland.
Duke	In some European countries, a sovereign prince, without the title of king.
Duke	To play the duke.
Dukedom	The territory of a duke.
Dukedom	The title or dignity of a duke.
Dukeling	A little or insignificant duke.
Dukeship	The quality or condition of being a duke; also, the personality of a duke.
Dulcamara	A plant (Solanum Dulcamara). See Bittersweet, n., 3 (a).
Dulcamarin	A glucoside extracted from the bittersweet (Solanum Dulcamara), as a yellow amorphous substance. It probably occasions the compound taste. See Bittersweet, 3(a).
Dulce	To make sweet; to soothe.
Dulceness	Sweetness.
Dulcet	Sweet to the taste; luscious.
Dulcet	Sweet to the ear; melodious; harmonious.
Dulciana	A sweet-toned stop of an organ.
Dulcification	The act of dulcifying or sweetening.
Dulcified	Sweetened; mollified.
Dulcifluous	Flowing sweetly.
Dulcified	of Dulcify
Dulcifying	of Dulcify
Dulcify	To sweeten; to free from acidity, saltness, or acrimony.
Dulcify	Fig. : To mollify; to sweeten; to please.
Dulciloquy	A soft manner of speaking.
Dulcimer	An instrument, having stretched metallic wires which are beaten with two light hammers held in the hands of the performer.
Dulcimer	An ancient musical instrument in use among the Jews. Dan. iii. 5. It is supposed to be the same with the psaltery.
Dulcinea	A mistress; a sweetheart.
Dulciness	See Dulceness.
Dulcite	A white, sugarlike substance, C6H8.(OH)2, occurring naturally in a manna from Madagascar, and in certain plants, and produced artificially by the reduction of galactose and lactose or milk sugar.
Dulcino	See Dolcino.
Dulcitude	Sweetness.
Dulcorate	To sweeten; to make less acrimonious.
Dulcoration	The act of sweetening.
Duledge	One of the dowels joining the ends of the fellies which form the circle of the wheel of a gun carriage.
Dulia	An inferior kind of veneration or worship, given to the angels and saints as the servants of God.
Dull	Slow of understanding; wanting readiness of apprehension; stupid; doltish; blockish.
Dull	Slow in action; sluggish; unready; awkward.
Dull	Insensible; unfeeling.
Dull	Not keen in edge or point; lacking sharpness; blunt.
Dull	Not bright or clear to the eye; wanting in liveliness of color or luster; not vivid; obscure; dim; as, a dull fire or lamp; a dull red or yellow; a dull mirror.
Dull	Heavy; gross; cloggy; insensible; spiritless; lifeless; inert.
Dull	Furnishing little delight, spirit, or variety; uninteresting; tedious; cheerless; gloomy; melancholy; depressing; as, a dull story or sermon; a dull occupation or period; hence, cloudy; overcast; as, a dull day.
Duller	of Dull
Dulling	of Dull
Dull	To deprive of sharpness of edge or point.
Dull	To make dull, stupid, or sluggish; to stupefy, as the senses, the feelings, the perceptions, and the like.
Dull	To render dim or obscure; to sully; to tarnish.
Dull	To deprive of liveliness or activity; to render heavy; to make inert; to depress; to weary; to sadden.
Dull	To become dull or stupid.
Dullard	A stupid person; a dunce.
Dullard	Stupid.
Dull-brained	Stupid; doltish.
Dull-browed	Having a gloomy look.
Duller	One who, or that which, dulls.
Dull-eyed	Having eyes wanting brightness, liveliness, or vivacity.
Dullhead	A blockhead; a dolt.
Dullish	Somewhat dull; uninteresting; tiresome.
Dullness	The state of being dull; slowness; stupidity; heaviness; drowsiness; bluntness; obtuseness; dimness; want of luster; want of vividness, or of brightness.
Dull-sighted	Having poor eyesight.
Dullsome	Dull.
Dull-witted	Stupid.
Dully	In a dull manner; stupidly; slowly; sluggishly; without life or spirit.
Dulocracy	See Doulocracy.
Dulse	A seaweed of a reddish brown color, which is sometimes eaten, as in Scotland. The true dulse is Sarcophyllis edulis; the common is Rhodymenia. [Written also dillisk.]
Dulwilly	The ring plover.
Duly	In a due, fit, or becoming manner; as it (anything) ought to be; properly; regularly.
Dumal	Pertaining to, or set with, briers or bushes; brambly.
Dumb	Destitute of the power of speech; unable; to utter articulate sounds; as, the dumb brutes.
Dumb	Not willing to speak; mute; silent; not speaking; not accompanied by words; as, dumb show.
Dumb	Lacking brightness or clearness, as a color.
Dumb	To put to silence.
Dumb-bell	A weight, consisting of two spheres or spheroids, connected by a short bar for a handle; used (often in pairs) for gymnastic exercise.
Dumbledor	A bumblebee; also, a cockchafer.
Dumbly	In silence; mutely.
Dumbness	The quality or state of being dumb; muteness; silence; inability to speak.
Dumb-waiter	A framework on which dishes, food, etc., are passed from one room or story of a house to another; a lift for dishes, etc.; also, a piece of furniture with movable or revolving shelves.
Dumetose	Dumose.
Dumfounded	of Dumfound
Dumfounding	of Dumfound
Dumfound	To strike dumb; to confuse with astonishment.
Dumfounder	To dumfound; to confound.
Dummador	A dumbledor.
Dummerer	One who feigns dumbness.
Dummy	Silent; mute; noiseless; as a dummy engine.
Dummy	Fictitious or sham; feigned; as, a dummy watch.
Dummies	of Dummy
Dummy	One who is dumb.
Dummy	A sham package in a shop, or one which does not contain what its exterior indicates.
Dummy	An imitation or copy of something, to be used as a substitute; a model; a lay figure; as, a figure on which clothing is exhibited in shop windows; a blank paper copy used to show the size of the future book, etc.
Dummy	One who plays a merely nominal part in any action; a sham character.
Dummy	A thick-witted person; a dolt.
Dummy	A locomotive with condensing engines, and, hence, without the noise of escaping steam; also, a dummy car.
Dummy	The fourth or exposed hand when three persons play at a four-handed game of cards.
Dummy	A floating barge connected with a pier.
Dumose	Alt. of Dumous
Dumous	Abounding with bushes and briers.
Dumous	Having a compact, bushy form.
Dump	A thick, ill-shapen piece; a clumsy leaden counter used by boys in playing chuck farthing.
Dump	A dull, gloomy state of the mind; sadness; melancholy; low spirits; despondency; ill humor; -- now used only in the plural.
Dump	Absence of mind; revery.
Dump	A melancholy strain or tune in music; any tune.
Dump	An old kind of dance.
Dumped	of Dump
Dumping	of Dump
Dump	To knock heavily; to stump.
Dump	To put or throw down with more or less of violence; hence, to unload from a cart by tilting it; as, to dump sand, coal, etc.
Dump	A car or boat for dumping refuse, etc.
Dump	A ground or place for dumping ashes, refuse, etc.
Dump	That which is dumped.
Dump	A pile of ore or rock.
Dumpage	The act of dumping loads from carts, especially loads of refuse matter; also, a heap of dumped matter.
Dumpage	A fee paid for the privilege of dumping loads.
Dumpiness	The state of being dumpy.
Dumpish	Dull; stupid; sad; moping; melancholy.
Dumple	To make dumpy; to fold, or bend, as one part over another.
Dumpling	A roundish mass of dough boiled in soup, or as a sort of pudding; often, a cover of paste inclosing an apple or other fruit, and boiled or baked; as, an apple dumpling.
Dumpy	Short and thick; of low stature and disproportionately stout.
Dumpy	Sullen or discontented.
Dun	A mound or small hill.
Dun	To cure, as codfish, in a particular manner, by laying them, after salting, in a pile in a dark place, covered with salt grass or some like substance.
Dunned	of Dun
Dunning	of Dun
Dun	To ask or beset, as a debtor, for payment; to urge importunately.
Dun	One who duns; a dunner.
Dun	An urgent request or demand of payment; as, he sent his debtor a dun.
Dun	Of a dark color; of a color partaking of a brown and black; of a dull brown color; swarthy.
Dunbird	The pochard; -- called also dunair, and dunker, or dun-curre.
Dunbird	An American duck; the ruddy duck.
Dunce	One backward in book learning; a child or other person dull or weak in intellect; a dullard; a dolt.
Duncedom	The realm or domain of dunces.
Duncery	Dullness; stupidity.
Duncical	Like a dunce; duncish.
Duncify	To make stupid in intellect.
Duncish	Somewhat like a dunce.
Dunder	The lees or dregs of cane juice, used in the distillation of rum.
Dunderhead	A dunce; a numskull; a blockhead.
Dunder-headed	Thick-headed; stupid.
Dunderpate	See Dunderhead.
Dune	A low hill of drifting sand usually formed on the coats, but often carried far inland by the prevailing winds.
Dunfish	Codfish cured in a particular manner, so as to be of a superior quality.
Dung	The excrement of an animal.
Dunged	of Dung
Dunging	of Dung
Dung	To manure with dung.
Dung	To immerse or steep, as calico, in a bath of hot water containing cow dung; -- done to remove the superfluous mordant.
Dung	To void excrement.
Dungaree	A coarse kind of unbleached cotton stuff.
Dungeon	A close, dark prison, common/, under ground, as if the lower apartments of the donjon or keep of a castle, these being used as prisons.
Dungeon	To shut up in a dungeon.
Dungfork	A fork for tossing dung.
Dunghill	A heap of dung.
Dunghill	Any mean situation or condition; a vile abode.
Dungmeer	A pit where dung and weeds rot for manure.
Dungy	Full of dung; filthy; vile; low.
Dungyard	A yard where dung is collected.
Dunker	One of a religious denomination whose tenets and practices are mainly those of the Baptists, but partly those of the Quakers; -- called also Tunkers, Dunkards, Dippers, and, by themselves, Brethren, and German Baptists.
Dunlin	A species of sandpiper (Tringa alpina); -- called also churr, dorbie, grass bird, and red-backed sandpiper. It is found both in Europe and America.
Dunnage	Fagots, boughs, or loose materials of any kind, laid on the bottom of the hold for the cargo to rest upon to prevent injury by water, or stowed among casks and other cargo to prevent their motion.
Dunner	One employed in soliciting the payment of debts.
Dunnish	Inclined to a dun color.
Dunnock	The hedge sparrow or hedge accentor.
Dunny	Deaf; stupid.
Dunt	A blow.
Dunted	Beaten; hence, blunted.
Dunter	A porpoise.
Duo	A composition for two performers; a duet.
Duodecahedral	Alt. of Duodecahedron
Duodecahedron	See Dodecahedral, and Dodecahedron.
Duodecennial	Consisting of twelve years.
Duodecimal	Proceeding in computation by twelves; expressed in the scale of twelves.
Duodecimal	A twelfth part; as, the duodecimals of an inch.
Duodecimal	A system of numbers, whose denominations rise in a scale of twelves, as of feet and inches. The system is used chiefly by artificers in computing the superficial and solid contents of their work.
Duodecimfid	Divided into twelve parts.
Duodecimo	Having twelve leaves to a sheet; as, a duodecimo from, book, leaf, size, etc.
Duodecimos	of Duodecimo
Duodecimo	A book consisting of sheets each of which is folded into twelve leaves; hence, indicating, more or less definitely, a size of a book; -- usually written 12mo or 12¡.
Duodecuple	Consisting of twelves.
Duodenal	Of or pertaining to the duodenum; as, duodenal digestion.
Duodenary	Containing twelve; twelvefold; increasing by twelves; duodecimal.
Duodenum	The part of the small intestines between the stomach and the jejunum. See Illust. of Digestive apparatus, under Digestive.
Duoliteral	Consisting of two letters only; biliteral.
Duomo	A cathedral. See Dome, 2.
Dup	To open; as, to dup the door.
Dupable	Capable of being duped.
Dupe	One who has been deceived or who is easily deceived; a gull; as, the dupe of a schemer.
Duped	of Dupe
Duping	of Dupe
Dupe	To deceive; to trick; to mislead by imposing on one's credulity; to gull; as, dupe one by flattery.
Duper	One who dupes another.
Dupery	The act or practice of duping.
Dupion	A double cocoon, made by two silkworms.
Duple	Double.
Duplex	Double; twofold.
Duplicate	Double; twofold.
Duplicate	That which exactly resembles or corresponds to something else; another, correspondent to the first; hence, a copy; a transcript; a counterpart.
Duplicate	An original instrument repeated; a document which is the same as another in all essential particulars, and differing from a mere copy in having all the validity of an original.
Duplicated	of Duplicate
Duplicating	of Duplicate
Duplicate	To double; to fold; to render double.
Duplicate	To make a duplicate of (something); to make a copy or transcript of.
Duplicate	To divide into two by natural growth or spontaneous action; as, infusoria duplicate themselves.
Duplication	The act of duplicating, or the state of being duplicated; a doubling; a folding over; a fold.
Duplication	The act or process of dividing by natural growth or spontaneous action; as, the duplication of cartilage cells.
Duplicative	Having the quality of duplicating or doubling.
Duplicative	Having the quality of subdividing into two by natural growth.
Duplicature	A doubling; a fold, as of a membrane.
Duplicities	of Duplicity
Duplicity	Doubleness; a twofold state.
Duplicity	Doubleness of heart or speech; insincerity; a sustained form of deception which consists in entertaining or pretending to entertain one of feelings, and acting as if influenced by another; bad faith.
Duplicity	The use of two or more distinct allegations or answers, where one is sufficient.
Duplicity	In indictments, the union of two incompatible offenses.
Dupper	See 2d Dubber.
Dur	Major; in the major mode; as, C dur, that is, C major.
Dura	Short form for Dura mater.
Durability	The state or quality of being durable; the power of uninterrupted or long continuance in any condition; the power of resisting agents or influences which tend to cause changes, decay, or dissolution; lastingness.
Durable	Able to endure or continue in a particular condition; lasting; not perishable or changeable; not wearing out or decaying soon; enduring; as, durable cloth; durable happiness.
Durableness	Power of lasting, enduring, or resisting; durability.
Durably	In a lasting manner; with long continuance.
Dural	Pertaining to the dura, or dura mater.
Dura mater	The tough, fibrous membrane, which lines the cavity of the skull and spinal column, and surrounds the brain and spinal cord; -- frequently abbreviated to dura.
Duramen	The heartwood of an exogenous tree.
Durance	Continuance; duration. See Endurance.
Durance	Imprisonment; restraint of the person; custody by a jailer; duress. Shak.
Durance	A stout cloth stuff, formerly made in imitation of buff leather and used for garments; a sort of tammy or everlasting.
Durance	In modern manufacture, a worsted of one color used for window blinds and similar purposes.
Durancy	Duration.
Durant	See Durance, 3.
Durante	During; as, durante vita, during life; durante bene placito, during pleasure.
Duration	The state or quality of lasting; continuance in time; the portion of time during which anything exists.
Durative	Continuing; not completed; implying duration.
Durbar	An audience hall; the court of a native prince; a state levee; a formal reception of native princes, given by the governor general of India.
Dure	Hard; harsh; severe; rough; toilsome.
Dure	To last; to continue; to endure.
Dureful	Lasting.
Dureless	Not lasting.
Durene	A colorless, crystalline, aromatic hydrocarbon, C6H2(CH3)4, off artificial production, with an odor like camphor.
Duress	Hardship; constraint; pressure; imprisonment; restraint of liberty.
Duress	The state of compulsion or necessity in which a person is influenced, whether by the unlawful restrain of his liberty or by actual or threatened physical violence, to incur a civil liability or to commit an offense.
Duress	To subject to duress.
Duressor	One who subjects another to duress
Durga	Same as Doorga.
Durham	One or a breed of short-horned cattle, originating in the county of Durham, England. The Durham cattle are noted for their beef-producing quality.
Durian	Alt. of Durion
Durion	The fruit of the durio. It is oval or globular, and eight or ten inches long. It has a hard prickly rind, containing a soft, cream-colored pulp, of a most delicious flavor and a very offensive odor. The seeds are roasted and eaten like chestnuts.
During	In the time of; as long as the action or existence of; as, during life; during the space of a year.
Durio	A fruit tree (D. zibethinus, the only species known) of the Indian Archipelago. It bears the durian.
Durity	Hardness; firmness.
Durity	Harshness; cruelty.
Durometer	An instrument for measuring the degree of hardness; especially, an instrument for testing the relative hardness of steel rails and the like.
Durous	Hard.
Durra	A kind of millet, cultivated throughout Asia, and introduced into the south of Europe; a variety of Sorghum vulgare; -- called also Indian millet, and Guinea corn.
Durst	of Dare. See Dare, v. i.
Durukuli	A small, nocturnal, South American monkey (Nyctipthecus trivirgatus).
Durylic	Pertaining to, allied to, or derived from, durene; as, durylic acid.
Duse	A demon or spirit. See Deuce.
Dusk	Tending to darkness or blackness; moderately dark or black; dusky.
Dusk	Imperfect obscurity; a middle degree between light and darkness; twilight; as, the dusk of the evening.
Dusk	A darkish color.
Dusk	To make dusk.
Dusk	To grow dusk.
Dusken	To make dusk or obscure.
Duskily	In a dusky manner.
Duskiness	The state of being dusky.
Duskish	Somewhat dusky.
Duskness	Duskiness.
Dusky	Partially dark or obscure; not luminous; dusk; as, a dusky valley.
Dusky	Tending to blackness in color; partially black; dark-colored; not bright; as, a dusky brown.
Dusky	Gloomy; sad; melancholy.
Dusky	Intellectually clouded.
Dust	Fine, dry particles of earth or other matter, so comminuted that they may be raised and wafted by the wind; that which is crumbled too minute portions; fine powder; as, clouds of dust; bone dust.
Dust	A single particle of earth or other matter.
Dust	The earth, as the resting place of the dead.
Dust	The earthy remains of bodies once alive; the remains of the human body.
Dust	Figuratively, a worthless thing.
Dust	Figuratively, a low or mean condition.
Dust	Gold dust
Dust	Coined money; cash.
Dusted	of Dust
Dusting	of Dust
Dust	To free from dust; to brush, wipe, or sweep away dust from; as, to dust a table or a floor.
Dust	To sprinkle with dust.
Dust	To reduce to a fine powder; to levigate.
Dustbrush	A brush of feathers, bristles, or hair, for removing dust from furniture.
Duster	One who, or that which, dusts; a utensil that frees from dust.
Duster	A revolving wire-cloth cylinder which removes the dust from rags, etc.
Duster	A blowing machine for separating the flour from the bran.
Duster	A light over-garment, worn in traveling to protect the clothing from dust.
Dustiness	The state of being dusty.
Dustless	Without dust; as a dustless path.
Dustmen	of Dustman
Dustman	One whose employment is to remove dirt and defuse.
Dustpan	A shovel-like utensil for conveying away dust brushed from the floor.
Dust-point	An old rural game.
Dusty	Filled, covered, or sprinkled with dust; clouded with dust; as, a dusty table; also, reducing to dust.
Dusty	Like dust; of the color of dust; as a dusty white.
Dutch	Pertaining to Holland, or to its inhabitants.
Dutch	The people of Holland; Dutchmen.
Dutch	The language spoken in Holland.
Dutchmen	of Dutchman
Dutchman	A native, or one of the people, of Holland.
Duteous	Fulfilling duty; dutiful; having the sentiments due to a superior, or to one to whom respect or service is owed; obedient; as, a duteous son or daughter.
Duteous	Subservient; obsequious.
Dutiable	Subject to the payment of a duty; as dutiable goods.
Dutied	Subjected to a duty.
Dutiful	Performing, or ready to perform, the duties required by one who has the right to claim submission, obedience, or deference; submissive to natural or legal superiors; obedient, as to parents or superiors; as, a dutiful son or daughter; a dutiful ward or servant; a dutiful subject.
Dutiful	Controlled by, proceeding from, a sense of duty; respectful; deferential; as, dutiful affection.
Duties	of Duty
Duty	That which is due; payment.
Duty	That which a person is bound by moral obligation to do, or refrain from doing; that which one ought to do; service morally obligatory.
Duty	Hence, any assigned service or business; as, the duties of a policeman, or a soldier; to be on duty.
Duty	Specifically, obedience or submission due to parents and superiors.
Duty	Respect; reverence; regard; act of respect; homage.
Duty	The efficiency of an engine, especially a steam pumping engine, as measured by work done by a certain quantity of fuel; usually, the number of pounds of water lifted one foot by one bushel of coal (94 lbs. old standard), or by 1 cwt. (112 lbs., England, or 100 lbs., United States).
Duty	Tax, toll, impost, or customs; excise; any sum of money required by government to be paid on the importation, exportation, or consumption of goods.
Duumvirs	of Duumvir
Duumviri	of Duumvir
Duumvir	One of two Roman officers or magistrates united in the same public functions.
Duumviral	Of or belonging to the duumviri or the duumvirate.
Duumvirate	The union of two men in the same office; or the office, dignity, or government of two men thus associated, as in ancient Rome.
Dux	The scholastic name for the theme or subject of a fugue, the answer being called the comes, or companion.
Duykerbok	A small South African antelope (Cephalous mergens); -- called also impoon, and deloo.
Duyoung	See Dugong.
D valve	A kind of slide valve. See Slide valve, under Slide.
Dvergar	of Dvergr
Dvergr	A dwarf supposed to dwell in rocks and hills and to be skillful in working metals.
Dwale	The deadly nightshade (Atropa Belladonna), having stupefying qualities.
Dwale	The tincture sable or black when blazoned according to the fantastic system in which plants are substituted for the tinctures.
Dwale	A sleeping potion; an opiate.
Dwang	A piece of wood set between two studs, posts, etc., to stiffen and support them.
Dwang	A kind of crowbar.
Dwang	A large wrench.
Dwarfs	of Dwarf
Dwarf	An animal or plant which is much below the ordinary size of its species or kind; especially, a diminutive human being.
Dwarfed	of Dwarf
Dwarfing	of Dwarf
Dwarf	To hinder from growing to the natural size; to make or keep small; to stunt.
Dwarf	To become small; to diminish in size.
Dwarfish	Like a dwarf; below the common stature or size; very small; petty; as, a dwarfish animal, shrub.
Dwarfling	A diminutive dwarf.
Dwarfy	Much undersized.
Dwaul	Alt. of Dwaule
Dwaule	To be delirious.
Dwelled	of Dwell
Dwelt	of Dwell
Dwelling	of Dwell
Dwell	To delay; to linger.
Dwell	To abide; to remain; to continue.
Dwell	To abide as a permanent resident, or for a time; to live in a place; to reside.
Dwell	To inhabit.
Dweller	An inhabitant; a resident; as, a cave dweller.
Dwelling	Habitation; place or house in which a person lives; abode; domicile.
Dwelt	of Dwell.
Dwindled	of Dwindle
Dwindling	of Dwindle
Dwindle	To diminish; to become less; to shrink; to waste or consume away; to become degenerate; to fall away.
Dwindle	To make less; to bring low.
Dwindle	To break; to disperse.
Dwindle	The process of dwindling; dwindlement; decline; degeneracy.
Dwindlement	The act or process of dwindling; a dwindling.
Dwine	To waste away; to pine; to languish.
Dyad	Two units treated as one; a couple; a pair.
Dyad	An element, atom, or radical having a valence or combining power of two.
Dyad	Having a valence or combining power of two; capable of being substituted for, combined with, or replaced by, two atoms of hydrogen; as, oxygen and calcium are dyad elements. See Valence.
Dyadic	Pertaining to the number two; of two parts or elements.
Dyaks	The aboriginal and most numerous inhabitants of Borneo. They are partially civilized, but retain many barbarous practices.
Dyas	A name applied in Germany to the Permian formation, there consisting of two principal groups.
Dyed	of Dye
Dyeing	of Dye
Dye	To stain; to color; to give a new and permanent color to, as by the application of dyestuffs.
Dye	Color produced by dyeing.
Dye	Material used for dyeing; a dyestuff.
Dye	Same as Die, a lot.
Dyehouse	A building in which dyeing is carried on.
Dyeing	The process or art of fixing coloring matters permanently and uniformly in the fibers of wool, cotton, etc.
Dyer	One whose occupation is to dye cloth and the like.
Dyestuff	A material used for dyeing.
Dyewood	Any wood from which coloring matter is extracted for dyeing.
Dying	In the act of dying; destined to death; mortal; perishable; as, dying bodies.
Dying	Of or pertaining to dying or death; as, dying bed; dying day; dying words; also, simulating a dying state.
Dying	The act of expiring; passage from life to death; loss of life.
Dyingly	In a dying manner; as if at the point of death.
Dyingness	The state of dying or the stimulation of such a state; extreme languor; languishment.
Dyke	See Dike. The spelling dyke is restricted by some to the geological meaning.
Dynactinometer	An instrument for measuring the intensity of the photogenic (light-producing) rays, and computing the power of object glasses.
Dynam	A unit of measure for dynamical effect or work; a foot pound. See Foot pound.
Dynameter	A dynamometer.
Dynameter	An instrument for determining the magnifying power of telescopes, consisting usually of a doubleimage micrometer applied to the eye end of a telescope for measuring accurately the diameter of the image of the object glass there formed; which measurement, compared with the actual diameter of the glass, gives the magnifying power.
Dynametrical	Pertaining to a dynameter.
Dynamic	Alt. of Dynamical
Dynamical	Of or pertaining to dynamics; belonging to energy or power; characterized by energy or production of force.
Dynamical	Relating to physical forces, effects, or laws; as, dynamical geology.
Dynamically	In accordance with the principles of dynamics or moving forces.
Dynamics	That branch of mechanics which treats of the motion of bodies (kinematics) and the action of forces in producing or changing their motion (kinetics). Dynamics is held by some recent writers to include statics and not kinematics.
Dynamics	The moving moral, as well as physical, forces of any kind, or the laws which relate to them.
Dynamics	That department of musical science which relates to, or treats of, the power of tones.
Dynamism	The doctrine of Leibnitz, that all substance involves force.
Dynamist	One who accounts for material phenomena by a theory of dynamics.
Dynamitard	A political dynamiter. [A form found in some newspapers.]
Dynamite	An explosive substance consisting of nitroglycerin absorbed by some inert, porous solid, as infusorial earth, sawdust, etc. It is safer than nitroglycerin, being less liable to explosion from moderate shocks, or from spontaneous decomposition.
Dynamiter	One who uses dynamite; esp., one who uses it for the destruction of life and property.
Dynamiting	Destroying by dynamite, for political ends.
Dynamitism	The work of dynamiters.
Dynamization	The act of setting free the dynamic powers of a medicine, as by shaking the bottle containing it.
Dynamo	A dynamo-electric machine.
Dynamo-electric	Pertaining to the development of electricity, especially electrical currents, by power; producing electricity or electrical currents by mechanical power.
Dynamograph	A dynamometer to which is attached a device for automatically registering muscular power.
Dynamometer	An apparatus for measuring force or power; especially, muscular effort of men or animals, or the power developed by a motor, or that required to operate machinery.
Dynamometric	Alt. of Dynamometrical
Dynamometrical	Relating to a dynamometer, or to the measurement of force doing work; as, dynamometrical instruments.
Dynamometry	The art or process of measuring forces doing work.
Dynast	A ruler; a governor; a prince.
Dynast	A dynasty; a government.
Dynasta	A tyrant.
Dynastic	Of or relating to a dynasty or line of kings.
Dynastical	Dynastic.
Dynastidan	One of a group of gigantic, horned beetles, including Dynastus Neptunus, and the Hercules beetle (D. Hercules) of tropical America, which grow to be six inches in length.
Dynasties	of Dynasty
Dynasty	Sovereignty; lordship; dominion.
Dynasty	A race or succession of kings, of the same line or family; the continued lordship of a race of rulers.
Dyne	The unit of force, in the C. G. S. (Centimeter Gram Second) system of physical units; that is, the force which, acting on a gram for a second, generates a velocity of a centimeter per second.
Dys-	An inseparable prefix, fr. the Greek / hard, ill, and signifying ill, bad, hard, difficult, and the like; cf. the prefixes, Skr. dus-, Goth. tuz-, OHG. zur-, G. zer-, AS. to-, Icel. tor-, Ir. do-.
Dysaesthesia	Impairment of any of the senses, esp. of touch.
Dyscrasia	An ill habit or state of the constitution; -- formerly regarded as dependent on a morbid condition of the blood and humors.
Dyscrasite	A mineral consisting of antimony and silver.
Discrasies	of Dyscrasy
Dyscrasy	Dycrasia.
Dysenteric	Alt. of Dysenterical
Dysenterical	Of or pertaining to dysentery; having dysentery; as, a dysenteric patient.
Dysentery	A disease attended with inflammation and ulceration of the colon and rectum, and characterized by griping pains, constant desire to evacuate the bowels, and the discharge of mucus and blood.
Dysgenesic	Not procreating or breeding freely; as, one race may be dysgenesic with respect to another.
Dysgenesis	A condition of not generating or breeding freely; infertility; a form homogenesis in which the hybrids are sterile among themselves, but are fertile with members of either parent race.
Dyslogistic	Unfavorable; not commendatory; -- opposed to eulogistic.
Dysluite	A variety of the zinc spinel or gahnite.
Dyslysin	A resinous substance formed in the decomposition of cholic acid of bile; -- so called because it is difficult to solve.
Dysmenorrhea	Difficult and painful menstruation.
Dysnomy	Bad legislation; the enactment of bad laws.
Dysodile	An impure earthy or coaly bitumen, which emits a highly fetid odor when burning.
Dyspepsia	Alt. of Dyspepsy
Dyspepsy	A kind of indigestion; a state of the stomach in which its functions are disturbed, without the presence of other diseases, or, if others are present, they are of minor importance. Its symptoms are loss of appetite, nausea, heartburn, acrid or fetid eructations, a sense of weight or fullness in the stomach, etc.
Dyspeptic	Alt. of Dyspeptical
Dyspeptical	Pertaining to dyspepsia; having dyspepsia; as, a dyspeptic or dyspeptical symptom.
Dyspeptic	A person afflicted with dyspepsia.
Dyspeptone	An insoluble albuminous body formed from casein and other proteid substances by the action of gastric juice.
Dysphagia	Alt. of Dysphagy
Dysphagy	Difficulty in swallowing.
Dysphonia	Alt. of Dysphony
Dysphony	A difficulty in producing vocal sounds; enfeebled or depraved voice.
Dysphoria	Impatience under affliction; morbid restlessness; dissatisfaction; the fidgets.
Dyspnoea	Difficulty of breathing.
Dyspnoic	Affected with shortness of breath; relating to dyspnoea.
Dysteleology	The doctrine of purposelessness; a term applied by Haeckel to that branch of physiology which treats of rudimentary organs, in view of their being useless to the life of the organism.
Dystocia	Difficult delivery pr parturition.
Dystome	Cleaving with difficulty.
Dysuria	Alt. of Dysury
Dysury	Difficult or painful discharge of urine.
Dysuric	Pertaining to, or afflicted with, dysury.
Dzeren	Alt. of Dzeron
Dzeron	The Chinese yellow antelope (Procapra gutturosa), a remarkably swift-footed animal, inhabiting the deserts of Central Asia, Thibet, and China.
Dziggetai	The kiang, a wild horse or wild ass of Thibet (Asinus hemionus).
