F	F is the sixth letter of the English alphabet, and a nonvocal consonant. Its form and sound are from the Latin. The Latin borrowed the form from the Greek digamma /, which probably had the value of English w consonant. The form and value of Greek letter came from the Phoenician, the ultimate source being probably Egyptian. Etymologically f is most closely related to p, k, v, and b; as in E. five, Gr. pe`nte; E. wolf, L. lupus, Gr. ly`kos; E. fox, vixen ; fragile, break; fruit, brook, v. t.; E. bear, L. ferre. See Guide to Pronunciation, // 178, 179, 188, 198, 230.
F	The name of the fourth tone of the model scale, or scale of C. F sharp (F /) is a tone intermediate between F and G.
Fa	A syllable applied to the fourth tone of the diatonic scale in solmization.
Fa	The tone F.
Fabaceous	Having the nature of a bean; like a bean.
Fabellae	of Fabella
Fabella	One of the small sesamoid bones situated behind the condyles of the femur, in some mammals.
Fabian	Of, pertaining to, or in the manner of, the Roman general, Quintus Fabius Maximus Verrucosus; cautious; dilatory; avoiding a decisive contest.
Fable	A Feigned story or tale, intended to instruct or amuse; a fictitious narration intended to enforce some useful truth or precept; an apologue. See the Note under Apologue.
Fable	The plot, story, or connected series of events, forming the subject of an epic or dramatic poem.
Fable	Any story told to excite wonder; common talk; the theme of talk.
Fable	Fiction; untruth; falsehood.
Fabled	of Fable
Fabling	of Fable
Fable	To compose fables; hence, to write or speak fiction ; to write or utter what is not true.
Fable	To feign; to invent; to devise, and speak of, as true or real; to tell of falsely.
Fabler	A writer of fables; a fabulist; a dealer in untruths or falsehoods.
Fabliaux	of Fabliau
Fabliau	One of the metrical tales of the Trouveres, or early poets of the north of France.
Fabric	The structure of anything; the manner in which the parts of a thing are united; workmanship; texture; make; as cloth of a beautiful fabric.
Fabric	That which is fabricated
Fabric	Framework; structure; edifice; building.
Fabric	Cloth of any kind that is woven or knit from fibers, either vegetable or animal; manufactured cloth; as, silks or other fabrics.
Fabric	The act of constructing; construction.
Fabric	Any system or structure consisting of connected parts; as, the fabric of the universe.
Fabricked	of Fabric
Fabricking	of Fabric
Fabric	To frame; to build; to construct.
Fabricant	One who fabricates; a manufacturer.
Fabricated	of Fabricate
Fabricating	of Fabricate
Fabricate	To form into a whole by uniting its parts; to frame; to construct; to build; as, to fabricate a bridge or ship.
Fabricate	To form by art and labor; to manufacture; to produce; as, to fabricate woolens.
Fabricate	To invent and form; to forge; to devise falsely; as, to fabricate a lie or story.
Fabrication	The act of fabricating, framing, or constructing; construction; manufacture; as, the fabrication of a bridge, a church, or a government.
Fabrication	That which is fabricated; a falsehood; as, the story is doubtless a fabrication.
Fabricator	One who fabricates; one who constructs or makes.
Fabricatress	A woman who fabricates.
Fabrile	Pertaining to a workman, or to work in stone, metal, wood etc.; as, fabrile skill.
Fabulist	One who invents or writes fables.
Fabulized	of Fabulize
Fabulizing	of Fabulize
Fabulize	To invent, compose, or relate fables or fictions.
Fabulosity	Fabulousness.
Fabulosity	A fabulous or fictitious story.
Fabulous	Feigned, as a story or fable; related in fable; devised; invented; not real; fictitious; as, a fabulous description; a fabulous hero.
Fabulous	Passing belief; exceedingly great; as, a fabulous price.
Faburden	A species of counterpoint with a drone bass.
Faburden	A succession of chords of the sixth.
Faburden	A monotonous refrain.
Fac	A large ornamental letter used, esp. by the early printers, at the commencement of the chapters and other divisions of a book.
Facade	The front of a building; esp., the principal front, having some architectural pretensions. Thus a church is said to have its facade unfinished, though the interior may be in use.
Face	The exterior form or appearance of anything; that part which presents itself to the view; especially, the front or upper part or surface; that which particularly offers itself to the view of a spectator.
Face	That part of a body, having several sides, which may be seen from one point, or which is presented toward a certain direction; one of the bounding planes of a solid; as, a cube has six faces.
Face	The principal dressed surface of a plate, disk, or pulley; the principal flat surface of a part or object.
Face	That part of the acting surface of a cog in a cog wheel, which projects beyond the pitch line.
Face	The width of a pulley, or the length of a cog from end to end; as, a pulley or cog wheel of ten inches face.
Face	The upper surface, or the character upon the surface, of a type, plate, etc.
Face	The style or cut of a type or font of type.
Face	Outside appearance; surface show; look; external aspect, whether natural, assumed, or acquired.
Face	That part of the head, esp. of man, in which the eyes, cheeks, nose, and mouth are situated; visage; countenance.
Face	Cast of features; expression of countenance; look; air; appearance.
Face	Ten degrees in extent of a sign of the zodiac.
Face	Maintenance of the countenance free from abashment or confusion; confidence; boldness; shamelessness; effrontery.
Face	Presence; sight; front; as in the phrases, before the face of, in the immediate presence of; in the face of, before, in, or against the front of; as, to fly in the face of danger; to the face of, directly to; from the face of, from the presence of.
Face	Mode of regard, whether favorable or unfavorable; favor or anger; mostly in Scriptural phrases.
Face	The end or wall of the tunnel, drift, or excavation, at which work is progressing or was last done.
Face	The exact amount expressed on a bill, note, bond, or other mercantile paper, without any addition for interest or reduction for discount.
Faced	of Face
Facing	of Face
Face	To meet in front; to oppose with firmness; to resist, or to meet for the purpose of stopping or opposing; to confront; to encounter; as, to face an enemy in the field of battle.
Face	To Confront impudently; to bully.
Face	To stand opposite to; to stand with the face or front toward; to front upon; as, the apartments of the general faced the park.
Face	To cover in front, for ornament, protection, etc.; to put a facing upon; as, a building faced with marble.
Face	To line near the edge, esp. with a different material; as, to face the front of a coat, or the bottom of a dress.
Face	To cover with better, or better appearing, material than the mass consists of, for purpose of deception, as the surface of a box of tea, a barrel of sugar, etc.
Face	To make the surface of (anything) flat or smooth; to dress the face of (a stone, a casting, etc.); esp., in turning, to shape or smooth the flat surface of, as distinguished from the cylindrical surface.
Face	To cause to turn or present a face or front, as in a particular direction.
Face	To carry a false appearance; to play the hypocrite.
Face	To turn the face; as, to face to the right or left.
Face	To present a face or front.
Faced	Having (such) a face, or (so many) faces; as, smooth-faced, two-faced.
Faser	One who faces; one who puts on a false show; a bold-faced person.
Faser	A blow in the face, as in boxing; hence, any severe or stunning check or defeat, as in controversy.
Facet	A little face; a small, plane surface; as, the facets of a diamond.
Facet	A smooth circumscribed surface; as, the articular facet of a bone.
Facet	The narrow plane surface between flutings of a column.
Facet	One of the numerous small eyes which make up the compound eyes of insects and crustaceans.
Faceted	of Facet
Faceting	of Facet
Facet	To cut facets or small faces upon; as, to facet a diamond.
Facete	Facetious; witty; humorous.
Faceted	Having facets.
Facetiae	Witty or humorous writings or saying; witticisms; merry conceits.
Facetious	Given to wit and good humor; merry; sportive; jocular; as, a facetious companion.
Facetious	Characterized by wit and pleasantry; exciting laughter; as, a facetious story or reply.
Facette	See Facet, n.
Facework	The material of the outside or front side, as of a wall or building; facing.
Facia	See Fascia.
Facial	Of or pertaining to the face; as, the facial artery, vein, or nerve.
Faciend	The multiplicand. See Facient, 2.
Facient	One who does anything, good or bad; a doer; an agent.
Facient	One of the variables of a quantic as distinguished from a coefficient.
Facient	The multiplier.
Facies	The anterior part of the head; the face.
Facies	The general aspect or habit of a species, or group of species, esp. with reference to its adaptation to its environment.
Facies	The face of a bird, or the front of the head, excluding the bill.
Facile	Easy to be done or performed: not difficult; performable or attainable with little labor.
Facile	Easy to be surmounted or removed; easily conquerable; readily mastered.
Facile	Easy of access or converse; mild; courteous; not haughty, austere, or distant; affable; complaisant.
Facile	Easily persuaded to good or bad; yielding; ductile to a fault; pliant; flexible.
Facile	Ready; quick; expert; as, he is facile in expedients; he wields a facile pen.
Facilitated	of Facilitate
Facilitating	of Facilitate
Facilitate	To make easy or less difficult; to free from difficulty or impediment; to lessen the labor of; as, to facilitate the execution of a task.
Facilitation	The act of facilitating or making easy.
Facilities	of Facility
Facility	The quality of being easily performed; freedom from difficulty; ease; as, the facility of an operation.
Facility	Ease in performance; readiness proceeding from skill or use; dexterity; as, practice gives a wonderful facility in executing works of art.
Facility	Easiness to be persuaded; readiness or compliance; -- usually in a bad sense; pliancy.
Facility	Easiness of access; complaisance; affability.
Facility	That which promotes the ease of any action or course of conduct; advantage; aid; assistance; -- usually in the plural; as, special facilities for study.
Facing	A covering in front, for ornament or other purpose; an exterior covering or sheathing; as, the facing of an earthen slope, sea wall, etc. , to strengthen it or to protect or adorn the exposed surface.
Facing	A lining placed near the edge of a garment for ornament or protection.
Facing	The finishing of any face of a wall with material different from that of which it is chiefly composed, or the coating or material so used.
Facing	A powdered substance, as charcoal, bituminous coal, ect., applied to the face of a mold, or mixed with the sand that forms it, to give a fine smooth surface to the casting.
Facing	The collar and cuffs of a military coat; -- commonly of a color different from that of the coat.
Facing	The movement of soldiers by turning on their heels to the right, left, or about; -- chiefly in the pl.
Facingly	In a facing manner or position.
Facinorous	Atrociously wicked.
Facound	Speech; eloquence.
Facsimiles	of Facsimile
Facsimile	A copy of anything made, either so as to be deceptive or so as to give every part and detail of the original; an exact copy or likeness.
Facsimile	To make a facsimile of.
Fact	A doing, making, or preparing.
Fact	An effect produced or achieved; anything done or that comes to pass; an act; an event; a circumstance.
Fact	Reality; actuality; truth; as, he, in fact, excelled all the rest; the fact is, he was beaten.
Fact	The assertion or statement of a thing done or existing; sometimes, even when false, improperly put, by a transfer of meaning, for the thing done, or supposed to be done; a thing supposed or asserted to be done; as, history abounds with false facts.
Faction	One of the divisions or parties of charioteers (distinguished by their colors) in the games of the circus.
Faction	A party, in political society, combined or acting in union, in opposition to the government, or state; -- usually applied to a minority, but it may be applied to a majority; a combination or clique of partisans of any kind, acting for their own interests, especially if greedy, clamorous, and reckless of the common good.
Faction	Tumult; discord; dissension.
Factionary	Belonging to a faction; being a partisan; taking sides.
Factioner	One of a faction.
Factionist	One who promotes faction.
Factious	Given to faction; addicted to form parties and raise dissensions, in opposition to government or the common good; turbulent; seditious; prone to clamor against public measures or men; -- said of persons.
Factious	Pertaining to faction; proceeding from faction; indicating, or characterized by, faction; -- said of acts or expressions; as, factious quarrels.
Factitious	Made by art, in distinction from what is produced by nature; artificial; sham; formed by, or adapted to, an artificial or conventional, in distinction from a natural, standard or rule; not natural; as, factitious cinnabar or jewels; a factitious taste.
Factitive	Causing; causative.
Factitive	Pertaining to that relation which is proper when the act, as of a transitive verb, is not merely received by an object, but produces some change in the object, as when we say, He made the water wine.
Factive	Making; having power to make.
Facto	In fact; by the act or fact.
Factor	One who transacts business for another; an agent; a substitute; especially, a mercantile agent who buys and sells goods and transacts business for others in commission; a commission merchant or consignee. He may be a home factor or a foreign factor. He may buy and sell in his own name, and he is intrusted with the possession and control of the goods; and in these respects he differs from a broker.
Factor	A steward or bailiff of an estate.
Factor	One of the elements or quantities which, when multiplied together, from a product.
Factor	One of the elements, circumstances, or influences which contribute to produce a result; a constituent.
Factored	of Factor
Factoring	of Factor
Factor	To resolve (a quantity) into its factors.
Factorage	The allowance given to a factor, as a compensation for his services; -- called also a commission.
Factoress	A factor who is a woman.
Factorial	Of or pertaining to a factory.
Factorial	Related to factorials.
Factorial	A name given to the factors of a continued product when the former are derivable from one and the same function F(x) by successively imparting a constant increment or decrement h to the independent variable. Thus the product F(x).F(x + h).F(x + 2h) . . . F[x + (n-1)h] is called a factorial term, and its several factors take the name of factorials.
Factorial	The product of the consecutive numbers from unity up to any given number.
Factoring	The act of resolving into factors.
Factorized	of Factorize
Factorizing	of Factorize
Factorize	To give warning to; -- said of a person in whose hands the effects of another are attached, the warning being to the effect that he shall not pay the money or deliver the property of the defendant in his hands to him, but appear and answer the suit of the plaintiff.
Factorize	To attach (the effects of a debtor) in the hands of a third person ; to garnish. See Garnish.
Factorship	The business of a factor.
Factories	of Factory
Factory	A house or place where factors, or commercial agents, reside, to transact business for their employers.
Factory	The body of factors in any place; as, a chaplain to a British factory.
Factory	A building, or collection of buildings, appropriated to the manufacture of goods; the place where workmen are employed in fabricating goods, wares, or utensils; a manufactory; as, a cotton factory.
Factotums	of Factotum
Factotum	A person employed to do all kinds of work or business.
Factual	Relating to, or containing, facts.
Facta	of Factum
Factum	A man's own act and deed
Factum	Anything stated and made certain.
Factum	The due execution of a will, including everything necessary to its validity.
Factum	The product. See Facient, 2.
Facture	The act or manner of making or doing anything; -- now used of a literary, musical, or pictorial production.
Facture	An invoice or bill of parcels.
Faculae	Groups of small shining spots on the surface of the sun which are brighter than the other parts of the photosphere. They are generally seen in the neighborhood of the dark spots, and are supposed to be elevated portions of the photosphere.
Facular	Of or pertaining to the faculae.
Faculties	of Faculty
Faculty	Ability to act or perform, whether inborn or cultivated; capacity for any natural function; especially, an original mental power or capacity for any of the well-known classes of mental activity; psychical or soul capacity; capacity for any of the leading kinds of soul activity, as knowledge, feeling, volition; intellectual endowment or gift; power; as, faculties of the mind or the soul.
Faculty	Special mental endowment; characteristic knack.
Faculty	Power; prerogative or attribute of office.
Faculty	Privilege or permission, granted by favor or indulgence, to do a particular thing; authority; license; dispensation.
Faculty	A body of a men to whom any specific right or privilege is granted; formerly, the graduates in any of the four departments of a university or college (Philosophy, Law, Medicine, or Theology), to whom was granted the right of teaching (profitendi or docendi) in the department in which they had studied; at present, the members of a profession itself; as, the medical faculty; the legal faculty, ect.
Faculty	The body of person to whom are intrusted the government and instruction of a college or university, or of one of its departments; the president, professors, and tutors in a college.
Facund	Eloquent.
Facundious	Eloquement; full of words.
Facundity	Eloquence; readiness of speech.
Fad	A hobby ; freak; whim.
Faddle	To trifle; to toy.
Faddle	To fondle; to dandle.
Fade	Weak; insipid; tasteless; commonplace.
Faded	of Fade
Fading	of Fade
Fade	To become fade; to grow weak; to lose strength; to decay; to perish gradually; to wither, as a plant.
Fade	To lose freshness, color, or brightness; to become faint in hue or tint; hence, to be wanting in color.
Fade	To sink away; to disappear gradually; to grow dim; to vanish.
Fade	To cause to wither; to deprive of freshness or vigor; to wear away.
Faded	That has lost freshness, color, or brightness; grown dim.
Fadedly	In a faded manner.
Fadeless	Not liable to fade; unfading.
Fader	Father.
Fadge	To fit; to suit; to agree.
Fadge	A small flat loaf or thick cake; also, a fagot.
Fading	Losing freshness, color, brightness, or vigor.
Fading	Loss of color, freshness, or vigor.
Fading	An Irish dance; also, the burden of a song.
Fadme	A fathom.
Fady	Faded.
Faecal	See Fecal.
Faeces	Excrement; ordure; also, settlings; sediment after infusion or distillation.
Faecula	See Fecula.
Faery	Fairy.
Faffle	To stammer.
Fag	A knot or coarse part in cloth.
Fagged	of Fag
Fagging	of Fag
Fag	To become weary; to tire.
Fag	To labor to wearness; to work hard; to drudge.
Fag	To act as a fag, or perform menial services or drudgery, for another, as in some English schools.
Fag	To tire by labor; to exhaust; as, he was almost fagged out.
Fag	Anything that fatigues.
Fagend	An end of poorer quality, or in a spoiled condition, as the coarser end of a web of cloth, the untwisted end of a rope, ect.
Fagend	The refuse or meaner part of anything.
Fagging	Laborious drudgery; esp., the acting as a drudge for another at an English school.
Fagot	A bundle of sticks, twigs, or small branches of trees, used for fuel, for raising batteries, filling ditches, or other purposes in fortification; a fascine.
Fagot	A bundle of pieces of wrought iron to be worked over into bars or other shapes by rolling or hammering at a welding heat; a pile.
Fagot	A bassoon. See Fagotto.
Fagot	A person hired to take the place of another at the muster of a company.
Fagot	An old shriveled woman.
Fagoted	of Fagot
Fagoting	of Fagot
Fagot	To make a fagot of; to bind together in a fagot or bundle; also, to collect promiscuously.
Fagotto	The bassoon; -- so called from being divided into parts for ease of carriage, making, as it were, a small fagot.
Faham	The leaves of an orchid (Angraecum fragrans), of the islands of Bourbon and Mauritius, used (in France) as a substitute for Chinese tea.
Fahlband	A stratum in crystalline rock, containing metallic sulphides.
Fahlerz	Alt. of Fahlband
Fahlband	Same as Tetrahedrite.
Fahlunite	A hydration of iolite.
Fahrenheit	Conforming to the scale used by Gabriel Daniel Fahrenheit in the graduation of his thermometer; of or relating to Fahrenheit's thermometric scale.
Fahrenheit	The Fahrenheit termometer or scale.
Faience	Glazed earthenware; esp., that which is decorated in color.
Failed	of Fail
Failing	of Fail
Fail	To be wanting; to fall short; to be or become deficient in any measure or degree up to total absence; to cease to be furnished in the usual or expected manner, or to be altogether cut off from supply; to be lacking; as, streams fail; crops fail.
Fail	To be affected with want; to come short; to lack; to be deficient or unprovided; -- used with of.
Fail	To fall away; to become diminished; to decline; to decay; to sink.
Fail	To deteriorate in respect to vigor, activity, resources, etc.; to become weaker; as, a sick man fails.
Fail	To perish; to die; -- used of a person.
Fail	To be found wanting with respect to an action or a duty to be performed, a result to be secured, etc.; to miss; not to fulfill expectation.
Fail	To come short of a result or object aimed at or desired ; to be baffled or frusrated.
Fail	To err in judgment; to be mistaken.
Fail	To become unable to meet one's engagements; especially, to be unable to pay one's debts or discharge one's business obligation; to become bankrupt or insolvent.
Fail	To be wanting to ; to be insufficient for; to disappoint; to desert.
Fail	To miss of attaining; to lose.
Fail	Miscarriage; failure; deficiency; fault; -- mostly superseded by failure or failing, except in the phrase without fail.
Fail	Death; decease.
Failance	Fault; failure; omission.
Failing	A failing short; a becoming deficient; failure; deficiency; imperfection; weakness; lapse; fault; infirmity; as, a mental failing.
Failing	The act of becoming insolvent of bankrupt.
Faille	A soft silk, heavier than a foulard and not glossy.
Failure	Cessation of supply, or total defect; a failing; deficiency; as, failure of rain; failure of crops.
Failure	Omission; nonperformance; as, the failure to keep a promise.
Failure	Want of success; the state of having failed.
Failure	Decay, or defect from decay; deterioration; as, the failure of memory or of sight.
Failure	A becoming insolvent; bankruptcy; suspension of payment; as, failure in business.
Failure	A failing; a slight fault.
Fain	Well-pleased; glad; apt; wont; fond; inclined.
Fain	Satisfied; contented; also, constrained.
Fain	With joy; gladly; -- with wold.
Fain	To be glad ; to wish or desire.
Faineant	Doing nothing; shiftless.
Faineant	A do-nothing; an idle fellow; a sluggard.
Faint	Lacking strength; weak; languid; inclined to swoon; as, faint with fatigue, hunger, or thirst.
Faint	Wanting in courage, spirit, or energy; timorous; cowardly; dejected; depressed; as, "Faint heart ne'er won fair lady."
Faint	Lacking distinctness; hardly perceptible; striking the senses feebly; not bright, or loud, or sharp, or forcible; weak; as, a faint color, or sound.
Faint	Performed, done, or acted, in a weak or feeble manner; not exhibiting vigor, strength, or energy; slight; as, faint efforts; faint resistance.
Faint	The act of fainting, or the state of one who has fainted; a swoon. [R.] See Fainting, n.
Fainted	of Faint
Fainting	of Faint
Faint	To become weak or wanting in vigor; to grow feeble; to lose strength and color, and the control of the bodily or mental functions; to swoon; -- sometimes with away. See Fainting, n.
Faint	To sink into dejection; to lose courage or spirit; to become depressed or despondent.
Faint	To decay; to disappear; to vanish.
Faint	To cause to faint or become dispirited; to depress; to weaken.
Fainthearted	Wanting in courage; depressed by fear; easily discouraged or frightened; cowardly; timorous; dejected.
Fainting	Syncope, or loss of consciousness owing to a sudden arrest of the blood supply to the brain, the face becoming pallid, the respiration feeble, and the heat's beat weak.
Faintish	Slightly faint; somewhat faint.
Faintling	Timorous; feeble-minded.
Faintly	In a faint, weak, or timidmanner.
Faintness	The state of being faint; loss of strength, or of consciousness, and self-control.
Faintness	Want of vigor or energy.
Faintness	Feebleness, as of color or light; lack of distinctness; as, faintness of description.
Faintness	Faint-heartedness; timorousness; dejection.
Faints	The impure spirit which comes over first and last in the distillation of whisky; -- the former being called the strong faints, and the latter, which is much more abundant, the weak faints. This crude spirit is much impregnated with fusel oil.
Fainty	Feeble; languid.
Fair	Free from spots, specks, dirt, or imperfection; unblemished; clean; pure.
Fair	Pleasing to the eye; handsome; beautiful.
Fair	Without a dark hue; light; clear; as, a fair skin.
Fair	Not overcast; cloudless; clear; pleasant; propitious; favorable; -- said of the sky, weather, or wind, etc.; as, a fair sky; a fair day.
Fair	Free from obstacles or hindrances; unobstructed; unincumbered; open; direct; -- said of a road, passage, etc.; as, a fair mark; in fair sight; a fair view.
Fair	Without sudden change of direction or curvature; smooth; fowing; -- said of the figure of a vessel, and of surfaces, water lines, and other lines.
Fair	Characterized by frankness, honesty, impartiality, or candor; open; upright; free from suspicion or bias; equitable; just; -- said of persons, character, or conduct; as, a fair man; fair dealing; a fair statement.
Fair	Pleasing; favorable; inspiring hope and confidence; -- said of words, promises, etc.
Fair	Distinct; legible; as, fair handwriting.
Fair	Free from any marked characteristic; average; middling; as, a fair specimen.
Fair	Clearly; openly; frankly; civilly; honestly; favorably; auspiciously; agreeably.
Fair	Fairness, beauty.
Fair	A fair woman; a sweetheart.
Fair	Good fortune; good luck.
Fair	To make fair or beautiful.
Fair	To make smooth and flowing, as a vessel's lines.
Fair	A gathering of buyers and sellers, assembled at a particular place with their merchandise at a stated or regular season, or by special appointment, for trade.
Fair	A festival, and sale of fancy articles. erc., usually for some charitable object; as, a Grand Army fair.
Fair	A competitive exhibition of wares, farm products, etc., not primarily for purposes of sale; as, the Mechanics' fair; an agricultural fair.
Fair-haired	Having fair or light-colored hair.
Fairhood	Fairness; beauty.
Fairily	In the manner of a fairy.
Fairing	A present; originally, one given or purchased at a fair.
Fairish	Tolerably fair.
Fair-leader	A block, or ring, serving as a guide for the running rigging or for any rope.
Fairly	In a fair manner; clearly; openly; plainly; fully; distinctly; frankly.
Fairly	Favorably; auspiciously; commodiously; as, a town fairly situated for foreign traade.
Fairly	Honestly; properly.
Fairly	Softly; quietly; gently.
Fair-minded	Unprejudiced; just; judicial; honest.
Fair-natured	Well-disposed.
Fairness	The state of being fair, or free form spots or stains, as of the skin; honesty, as of dealing; candor, as of an argument, etc.
Faair-spoken	Using fair speech, or uttered with fairness; bland; civil; courteous; plausible.
Fairway	The navigable part of a river, bay, etc., through which vessels enter or depart; the part of a harbor or channel ehich is kept open and unobstructed for the passage of vessels.
Fair-weather	Made or done in pleasant weather, or in circumstances involving but little exposure or sacrifice; as, a fair-weather voyage.
Fair-weather	Appearing only when times or circumstances are prosperous; as, a fair-weather friend.
Fair-world	State of prosperity.
Fairies	of Fairy
Fairy	Enchantment; illusion.
Fairy	The country of the fays; land of illusions.
Fairy	An imaginary supernatural being or spirit, supposed to assume a human form (usually diminutive), either male or female, and to meddle for good or evil in the affairs of mankind; a fay. See Elf, and Demon.
Fairy	An enchantress.
Fairy	Of or pertaining to fairies.
Fairy	Given by fairies; as, fairy money.
Fairyland	The imaginary land or abode of fairies.
Fairylike	Resembling a fairy, or what is made or done be fairies; as, fairylike music.
Faith	Belief; the assent of the mind to the truth of what is declared by another, resting solely and implicitly on his authority and veracity; reliance on testimony.
Faith	The assent of the mind to the statement or proposition of another, on the ground of the manifest truth of what he utters; firm and earnest belief, on probable evidence of any kind, especially in regard to important moral truth.
Faith	The belief in the historic truthfulness of the Scripture narrative, and the supernatural origin of its teachings, sometimes called historical and speculative faith.
Faith	The belief in the facts and truth of the Scriptures, with a practical love of them; especially, that confiding and affectionate belief in the person and work of Christ, which affects the character and life, and makes a man a true Christian, -- called a practical, evangelical, or saving faith.
Faith	That which is believed on any subject, whether in science, politics, or religion; especially (Theol.), a system of religious belief of any kind; as, the Jewish or Mohammedan faith; and especially, the system of truth taught by Christ; as, the Christian faith; also, the creed or belief of a Christian society or church.
Faith	Fidelity to one's promises, or allegiance to duty, or to a person honored and beloved; loyalty.
Faith	Word or honor pledged; promise given; fidelity; as, he violated his faith.
Faith	Credibility or truth.
Faith	By my faith; in truth; verily.
Faithed	Having faith or a faith; honest; sincere.
Faithful	Full of faith, or having faith; disposed to believe, especially in the declarations and promises of God.
Faithful	Firm in adherence to promises, oaths, contracts, treaties, or other engagements.
Faithful	True and constant in affection or allegiance to a person to whom one is bound by a vow, be ties of love, gratitude, or honor, as to a husband, a prince, a friend; firm in the observance of duty; loyal; of true fidelity; as, a faithful husband or servant.
Faithful	Worthy of confidence and belief; conformable to truth ot fact; exact; accurate; as, a faithful narrative or representation.
Faithless	Not believing; not giving credit.
Faithless	Not believing on God or religion; specifically, not believing in the Christian religion.
Faithless	Not observant of promises or covenants.
Faithless	Not true to allegiance, duty, or vows; perfidious; trecherous; disloyal; not of true fidelity; inconstant, as a husband or a wife.
Faithless	Serving to disappoint or deceive; delusive; unsatisfying.
Faitour	A doer or actor; particularly, an evil doer; a scoundrel.
Fake	One of the circles or windings of a cable or hawser, as it lies in a coil; a single turn or coil.
Fake	To coil (a rope, line, or hawser), by winding alternately in opposite directions, in layers usually of zigzag or figure of eight form,, to prevent twisting when running out.
Fake	To cheat; to swindle; to steal; to rob.
Fake	To make; to construct; to do.
Fake	To manipulate fraudulently, so as to make an object appear better or other than it really is; as, to fake a bulldog, by burning his upper lip and thus artificially shortening it.
Fake	A trick; a swindle.
Fakir	An Oriental religious ascetic or begging monk.
Falanaka	A viverrine mammal of Madagascar (Eupleres Goudotii), allied to the civet; -- called also Falanouc.
Falcade	The action of a horse, when he throws himself on his haunches two or three times, bending himself, as it were, in very quick curvets.
Falcate	Alt. of Falcated
Falcated	Hooked or bent like a sickle; as, a falcate leaf; a falcate claw; -- said also of the moon, or a planet, when horned or crescent-formed.
Falcation	The state of being falcate; a bend in the form of a sickle.
Falcer	One of the mandibles of a spider.
Falchion	A broad-bladed sword, slightly curved, shorter and lighter than the ordinary sword; -- used in the Middle Ages.
Falchion	A name given generally and poetically to a sword, especially to the swords of Oriental and fabled warriors.
Falcidian	Of or pertaining to Publius Falcidius, a Roman tribune.
Falciform	Having the shape of a scithe or sickle; resembling a reaping hook; as, the falciform ligatment of the liver.
Falcon	One of a family (Falconidae) of raptorial birds, characterized by a short, hooked beak, strong claws, and powerful flight.
Falcon	Any species of the genus Falco, distinguished by having a toothlike lobe on the upper mandible; especially, one of this genus trained to the pursuit of other birds, or game.
Falcon	An ancient form of cannon.
Falconer	A person who breeds or trains hawks for taking birds or game; one who follows the sport of fowling with hawks.
Falconet	One of the smaller cannon used in the 15th century and later.
Falconet	One of several very small Asiatic falcons of the genus Microhierax.
Falconet	One of a group of Australian birds of the genus Falcunculus, resembling shrikes and titmice.
Falcongentil	The female or young of the goshawk (Astur palumbarius).
Falconine	Like a falcon or hawk; belonging to the Falconidae
Falconry	The art of training falcons or hawks to pursue and attack wild fowl or game.
Falconry	The sport of taking wild fowl or game by means of falcons or hawks.
Falcula	A curved and sharp-pointed claw.
Falculate	Curved and sharppointed, like a falcula, or claw of a falcon.
Faldage	A privilege of setting up, and moving about, folds for sheep, in any fields within manors, in order to manure them; -- often reserved to himself by the lord of the manor.
Faldfee	A fee or rent paid by a tenant for the privilege of faldage on his own ground.
Falding	A frieze or rough-napped cloth.
Faldistory	The throne or seat of a bishop within the chancel.
Faldstool	A folding stool, or portable seat, made to fold up in the manner of a camo stool. It was formerly placed in the choir for a bishop, when he offciated in any but his own cathedral church.
Falernian	Of or pertaining to Mount Falernus, in Italy; as, Falernianwine.
Falk	The razorbill.
Fell	of Fall
Fallen	of Fall
Falling	of Fall
Fall	To Descend, either suddenly or gradually; particularly, to descend by the force of gravity; to drop; to sink; as, the apple falls; the tide falls; the mercury falls in the barometer.
Fall	To cease to be erect; to take suddenly a recumbent posture; to become prostrate; to drop; as, a child totters and falls; a tree falls; a worshiper falls on his knees.
Fall	To find a final outlet; to discharge its waters; to empty; -- with into; as, the river Rhone falls into the Mediterranean.
Fall	To become prostrate and dead; to die; especially, to die by violence, as in battle.
Fall	To cease to be active or strong; to die away; to lose strength; to subside; to become less intense; as, the wind falls.
Fall	To issue forth into life; to be brought forth; -- said of the young of certain animals.
Fall	To decline in power, glory, wealth, or importance; to become insignificant; to lose rank or position; to decline in weight, value, price etc.; to become less; as, the falls; stocks fell two points.
Fall	To be overthrown or captured; to be destroyed.
Fall	To descend in character or reputation; to become degraded; to sink into vice, error, or sin; to depart from the faith; to apostatize; to sin.
Fall	To become insnared or embarrassed; to be entrapped; to be worse off than before; asm to fall into error; to fall into difficulties.
Fall	To assume a look of shame or disappointment; to become or appear dejected; -- said of the countenance.
Fall	To sink; to languish; to become feeble or faint; as, our spirits rise and fall with our fortunes.
Fall	To pass somewhat suddenly, and passively, into a new state of body or mind; to become; as, to fall asleep; to fall into a passion; to fall in love; to fall into temptation.
Fall	To happen; to to come to pass; to light; to befall; to issue; to terminate.
Fall	To come; to occur; to arrive.
Fall	To begin with haste, ardor, or vehemence; to rush or hurry; as, they fell to blows.
Fall	To pass or be transferred by chance, lot, distribution, inheritance, or otherwise; as, the estate fell to his brother; the kingdom fell into the hands of his rivals.
Fall	To belong or appertain.
Fall	To be dropped or uttered carelessly; as, an unguarded expression fell from his lips; not a murmur fell from him.
Fall	To let fall; to drop.
Fall	To sink; to depress; as, to fall the voice.
Fall	To diminish; to lessen or lower.
Fall	To bring forth; as, to fall lambs.
Fall	To fell; to cut down; as, to fall a tree.
Fall	The act of falling; a dropping or descending be the force of gravity; descent; as, a fall from a horse, or from the yard of ship.
Fall	The act of dropping or tumbling from an erect posture; as, he was walking on ice, and had a fall.
Fall	Death; destruction; overthrow; ruin.
Fall	Downfall; degradation; loss of greatness or office; termination of greatness, power, or dominion; ruin; overthrow; as, the fall of the Roman empire.
Fall	The surrender of a besieged fortress or town ; as, the fall of Sebastopol.
Fall	Diminution or decrease in price or value; depreciation; as, the fall of prices; the fall of rents.
Fall	A sinking of tone; cadence; as, the fall of the voice at the close of a sentence.
Fall	Declivity; the descent of land or a hill; a slope.
Fall	Descent of water; a cascade; a cataract; a rush of water down a precipice or steep; -- usually in the plural, sometimes in the singular; as, the falls of Niagara.
Fall	The discharge of a river or current of water into the ocean, or into a lake or pond; as, the fall of the Po into the Gulf of Venice.
Fall	Extent of descent; the distance which anything falls; as, the water of a stream has a fall of five feet.
Fall	The season when leaves fall from trees; autumn.
Fall	That which falls; a falling; as, a fall of rain; a heavy fall of snow.
Fall	The act of felling or cutting down.
Fall	Lapse or declension from innocence or goodness. Specifically: The first apostasy; the act of our first parents in eating the forbidden fruit; also, the apostasy of the rebellious angels.
Fall	Formerly, a kind of ruff or band for the neck; a falling band; a faule.
Fall	That part (as one of the ropes) of a tackle to which the power is applied in hoisting.
Fallacious	Embodying or pertaining to a fallacy; illogical; fitted to deceive; misleading; delusive; as, fallacious arguments or reasoning.
Fallacies	of Fallacy
Fallacy	Deceptive or false appearance; deceitfulness; that which misleads the eye or the mind; deception.
Fallacy	An argument, or apparent argument, which professes to be decisive of the matter at issue, while in reality it is not; a sophism.
Fallals	Gay ornaments; frippery; gewgaws.
Fallax	Cavillation; a caviling.
Fallen	Dropped; prostrate; degraded; ruined; decreased; dead.
Fallency	An exception.
Faller	One who, or that which, falls.
Faller	A part which acts by falling, as a stamp in a fulling mill, or the device in a spinning machine to arrest motion when a thread breaks.
Fallfish	A fresh-water fish of the United States (Semotilus bullaris); -- called also silver chub, and Shiner. The name is also applied to other allied species.
Fallibility	The state of being fallible; liability to deceive or to be deceived; as, the fallibity of an argument or of an adviser.
Fallible	Liable to fail, mistake, or err; liable to deceive or to be deceived; as, all men are fallible; our opinions and hopes are fallible.
Fallibly	In a fallible manner.
Falling	from Fall, v. i.
Fallopian	Pertaining to, or discovered by, Fallopius; as, the Fallopian tubes or oviducts, the ducts or canals which conduct the ova from the ovaries to the uterus.
Fallow	Pale red or pale yellow; as, a fallow deer or greyhound.
Fallow	Left untilled or unsowed after plowing; uncultivated; as, fallow ground.
Fallow	Plowed land.
Fallow	Land that has lain a year or more untilled or unseeded; land plowed without being sowed for the season.
Fallow	The plowing or tilling of land, without sowing it for a season; as, summer fallow, properly conducted, has ever been found a sure method of destroying weeds.
Fallowed	of Fallow
Fallowing	of Fallow
Fallow	To plow, harrow, and break up, as land, without seeding, for the purpose of destroying weeds and insects, and rendering it mellow; as, it is profitable to fallow cold, strong, clayey land.
Fallow deer	A European species of deer (Cervus dama), much smaller than the red deer. In summer both sexes are spotted with white. It is common in England, where it is often domesticated in the parks.
Fallowist	One who favors the practice of fallowing land.
Fallowness	A well or opening, through the successive floors of a warehouse or manufactory, through which goods are raised or lowered.
Falsary	A falsifier of evidence.
False	Uttering falsehood; unveracious; given to deceit; dishnest; as, a false witness.
False	Not faithful or loyal, as to obligations, allegiance, vows, etc.; untrue; treacherous; perfidious; as, a false friend, lover, or subject; false to promises.
False	Not according with truth or reality; not true; fitted or likely to deceive or disappoint; as, a false statement.
False	Not genuine or real; assumed or designed to deceive; counterfeit; hypocritical; as, false tears; false modesty; false colors; false jewelry.
False	Not well founded; not firm or trustworthy; erroneous; as, a false claim; a false conclusion; a false construction in grammar.
False	Not essential or permanent, as parts of a structure which are temporary or supplemental.
False	Not in tune.
False	Not truly; not honestly; falsely.
False	To report falsely; to falsify.
False	To betray; to falsify.
False	To mislead by want of truth; to deceive.
False	To feign; to pretend to make.
False-faced	Hypocritical.
False-heart	False-hearted.
False-hearted	Hollow or unsound at the core; treacherous; deceitful; perfidious.
Falsehood	Want of truth or accuracy; an untrue assertion or representation; error; misrepresentation; falsity.
Falsehood	A deliberate intentional assertion of what is known to be untrue; a departure from moral integrity; a lie.
Falsehood	Treachery; deceit; perfidy; unfaithfulness.
Falsehood	A counterfeit; a false appearance; an imposture.
Falsely	In a false manner; erroneously; not truly; perfidiously or treacherously.
Falseness	The state of being false; contrariety to the fact; inaccuracy; want of integrity or uprightness; double dealing; unfaithfulness; treachery; perfidy; as, the falseness of a report, a drawing, or a singer's notes; the falseness of a man, or of his word.
Falser	A deceiver.
Falsettos	of Falsetto
Falsetto	A false or artificial voice; that voice in a man which lies above his natural voice; the male counter tenor or alto voice. See Head voice, under Voice.
Falsicrimen	The crime of falsifying.
Falsifiable	Capable of being falsified, counterfeited, or corrupted.
Falsification	The act of falsifying, or making false; a counterfeiting; the giving to a thing an appearance of something which it is not.
Falsification	Willful misstatement or misrepresentation.
Falsification	The showing an item of charge in an account to be wrong.
Falsificator	A falsifier.
Falsifier	One who falsifies, or gives to a thing a deceptive appearance; a liar.
Falsified	of Falsify
Falsifying	of Falsify
Falsify	To make false; to represent falsely.
Falsify	To counterfeit; to forge; as, to falsify coin.
Falsify	To prove to be false, or untrustworthy; to confute; to disprove; to nullify; to make to appear false.
Falsify	To violate; to break by falsehood; as, to falsify one's faith or word.
Falsify	To baffle or escape; as, to falsify a blow.
Falsify	To avoid or defeat; to prove false, as a judgment.
Falsify	To show, in accounting, (an inem of charge inserted in an account) to be wrong.
Falsify	To make false by multilation or addition; to tamper with; as, to falsify a record or document.
Falsify	To tell lies; to violate the truth.
Falsism	That which is evidently false; an assertion or statement the falsity of which is plainly apparent; -- opposed to truism.
Falsities	of Falsity
Falsity	The quality of being false; coutrariety or want of conformity to truth.
Falsity	That which is false; falsehood; a lie; a false assertion.
Falter	To thrash in the chaff; also, to cleanse or sift, as barley.
Faltered	of Falter
Faltering	of Falter
Falter	To hesitate; to speak brokenly or weakly; to stammer; as, his tongue falters.
Falter	To tremble; to totter; to be unsteady.
Falter	To hesitate in purpose or action.
Falter	To fail in distinctness or regularity of exercise; -- said of the mind or of thought.
Falter	To utter with hesitation, or in a broken, trembling, or weak manner.
Falter	Hesitation; trembling; feebleness; an uncertain or broken sound; as, a slight falter in her voice.
Faltering	Hesitating; trembling.
Faltering	Falter; halting; hesitation.
Faluns	A series of strata, of the Middle Tertiary period, of France, abounding in shells, and used by Lyell as the type of his Miocene subdivision.
Falwe	Fallow.
Falx	A curved fold or process of the dura mater or the peritoneum; esp., one of the partitionlike folds of the dura mater which extend into the great fissures of the brain.
Famble	To stammer.
Famble	A hand.
Fame	Public report or rumor.
Fame	Report or opinion generally diffused; renown; public estimation; celebrity, either favorable or unfavorable; as, the fame of Washington.
Famed	of Fame
Faming	of Fame
Fame	To report widely or honorably.
Fame	To make famous or renowned.
Fameless	Without fame or renown.
Familiar	Of or pertaining to a family; domestic.
Familiar	Closely acquainted or intimate, as a friend or companion; well versed in, as any subject of study; as, familiar with the Scriptures.
Familiar	Characterized by, or exhibiting, the manner of an intimate friend; not formal; unconstrained; easy; accessible.
Familiar	Well known; well understood; common; frequent; as, a familiar illustration.
Familiar	Improperly acquainted; wrongly intimate.
Familiar	An intimate; a companion.
Familiar	An attendant demon or evil spirit.
Familiar	A confidential officer employed in the service of the tribunal, especially in apprehending and imprisoning the accused.
Familiarities	of Familiarity
Familiarity	The state of being familiar; intimate and frequent converse, or association; unconstrained intercourse; freedom from ceremony and constraint; intimacy; as, to live in remarkable familiarity.
Familiarity	Anything said or done by one person to another unceremoniously and without constraint; esp., in the pl., such actions and words as propriety and courtesy do not warrant; liberties.
Familiarization	The act or process of making familiar; the result of becoming familiar; as, familiarization with scenes of blood.
Familiarized	of Familiarize
Familiarizing	of Familiarize
Familiarize	To make familiar or intimate; to habituate; to accustom; to make well known by practice or converse; as, to familiarize one's self with scenes of distress.
Familiarize	To make acquainted, or skilled, by practice or study; as, to familiarize one's self with a business, a book, or a science.
Familiarly	In a familiar manner.
Familiarness	Familiarity.
Familiary	Of or pertaining to a family or household; domestic.
Familism	The tenets of the Familists.
Familist	One of afanatical Antinomian sect originating in Holland, and existing in England about 1580, called the Family of Love, who held that religion consists wholly in love.
Familisteries	of Familistery
Familistery	A community in which many persons unite as in one family, and are regulated by certain communistic laws and customs.
Familistic	Alt. of Familistical
Familistical	Pertaining to Familists.
Families	of Family
Family	The collective body of persons who live in one house, and under one head or manager; a household, including parents, children, and servants, and, as the case may be, lodgers or boarders.
Family	The group comprising a husband and wife and their dependent children, constituting a fundamental unit in the organization of society.
Family	Those who descend from one common progenitor; a tribe, clan, or race; kindred; house; as, the human family; the family of Abraham; the father of a family.
Family	Course of descent; genealogy; line of ancestors; lineage.
Family	Honorable descent; noble or respectable stock; as, a man of family.
Family	A group of kindred or closely related individuals; as, a family of languages; a family of States; the chlorine family.
Family	A group of organisms, either animal or vegetable, related by certain points of resemblance in structure or development, more comprehensive than a genus, because it is usually based on fewer or less pronounced points of likeness. In zoology a family is less comprehesive than an order; in botany it is often considered the same thing as an order.
Famine	General scarcity of food; dearth; a want of provisions; destitution.
Famished	of Famish
Famishing	of Famish
Famish	To starve, kill, or destroy with hunger.
Famish	To exhaust the strength or endurance of, by hunger; to distress with hanger.
Famish	To kill, or to cause to suffer extremity, by deprivation or denial of anything necessary.
Famish	To force or constrain by famine.
Famish	To die of hunger; to starve.
Famish	To suffer extreme hunger or thirst, so as to be exhausted in strength, or to come near to perish.
Famish	To suffer extremity from deprivation of anything essential or necessary.
Famishment	State of being famished.
Famosity	The state or quality of being famous.
Famous	Celebrated in fame or public report; renowned; mach talked of; distinguished in story; -- used in either a good or a bad sense, chiefly the former; often followed by for; as, famous for erudition, for eloquence, for military skill; a famous pirate.
Famoused	Renowned.
Famously	In a famous manner; in a distinguished degree; greatly; splendidly.
Famousness	The state of being famous.
Famular	Domestic; familiar.
Famulate	To serve.
Famulist	A collegian of inferior rank or position, corresponding to the sizar at Cambridge.
Fan	An instrument used for producing artificial currents of air, by the wafting or revolving motion of a broad surface
Fan	An instrument for cooling the person, made of feathers, paper, silk, etc., and often mounted on sticks all turning about the same pivot, so as when opened to radiate from the center and assume the figure of a section of a circle.
Fan	Any revolving vane or vanes used for producing currents of air, in winnowing grain, blowing a fire, ventilation, etc., or for checking rapid motion by the resistance of the air; a fan blower; a fan wheel.
Fan	An instrument for winnowing grain, by moving which the grain is tossed and agitated, and the chaff is separated and blown away.
Fan	Something in the form of a fan when spread, as a peacock's tail, a window, etc.
Fan	A small vane or sail, used to keep the large sails of a smock windmill always in the direction of the wind.
Fan	That which produces effects analogous to those of a fan, as in exciting a flame, etc.; that which inflames, heightens, or strengthens; as, it served as a fan to the flame of his passion.
Fan	A quintain; -- from its form.
Fanned	of Fan
Fanning	of Fan
Fan	To move as with a fan.
Fan	To cool and refresh, by moving the air with a fan; to blow the air on the face of with a fan.
Fan	To ventilate; to blow on; to affect by air put in motion.
Fan	To winnow; to separate chaff from, and drive it away by a current of air; as, to fan wheat.
Fan	To excite or stir up to activity, as a fan axcites a flame; to stimulate; as, this conduct fanned the excitement of the populace.
Fanal	A lighthouse, or the apparatus placed in it for giving light.
Fanatic	Pertaining to, or indicating, fanaticism; extravagant in opinions; ultra; unreasonable; excessively enthusiastic, especially on religious subjects; as, fanatic zeal; fanatic notions.
Fanatic	A person affected by excessive enthusiasm, particularly on religious subjects; one who indulges wild and extravagant notions of religion.
Fanatical	Characteristic of, or relating to, fanaticism; fanatic.
Fanaticism	Excessive enthusiasm, unreasoning zeal, or wild and extravagant notions, on any subject, especially religion; religious frenzy.
Fanaticized	of Fanaticize
Fanaticizing	of Fanaticize
Fanaticize	To cause to become a fanatic.
Fanatism	Fanaticism.
Fancied	Formed or conceived by the fancy; unreal; as, a fancied wrong.
Fancier	One who is governed by fancy.
Fancier	One who fancies or has a special liking for, or interest in, a particular object or class or objects; hence, one who breeds and keeps for sale birds and animals; as, bird fancier, dog fancier, etc.
Fanciful	Full of fancy; guided by fancy, rather than by reason and experience; whimsical; as, a fanciful man forms visionary projects.
Fanciful	Conceived in the fancy; not consistent with facts or reason; abounding in ideal qualities or figures; as, a fanciful scheme; a fanciful theory.
Fanciful	Curiously shaped or constructed; as, she wore a fanciful headdress.
Fanciless	Having no fancy; without ideas or imagination.
Fancies	of Fancy
Fancy	The faculty by which the mind forms an image or a representation of anything perceived before; the power of combining and modifying such objects into new pictures or images; the power of readily and happily creating and recalling such objects for the purpose of amusement, wit, or embellishment; imagination.
Fancy	An image or representation of anything formed in the mind; conception; thought; idea; conceit.
Fancy	An opinion or notion formed without much reflection; caprice; whim; impression.
Fancy	Inclination; liking, formed by caprice rather than reason; as, to strike one's fancy; hence, the object of inclination or liking.
Fancy	That which pleases or entertains the taste or caprice without much use or value.
Fancy	A sort of love song or light impromptu ballad.
Fancied	of Fancy
Fancying	of Fancy
Fancy	To figure to one's self; to believe or imagine something without proof.
Fancy	To love.
Fancy	To form a conception of; to portray in the mind; to imagine.
Fancy	To have a fancy for; to like; to be pleased with, particularly on account of external appearance or manners.
Fancy	To believe without sufficient evidence; to imagine (something which is unreal).
Fancy	Adapted to please the fancy or taste; ornamental; as, fancy goods.
Fancy	Extravagant; above real value.
Fancy-free	Free from the power of love.
Fancymonger	A lovemonger; a whimsical lover.
Fancy-sick	Love-sick.
Fancywork	Ornamental work with a needle or hook, as embroidery, crocheting, netting, etc.
Fand	imp. of Find.
Fandangoes	of Fandango
Fandango	A lively dance, in 3-8 or 6-8 time, much practiced in Spain and Spanish America. Also, the tune to which it is danced.
Fandango	A ball or general dance, as in Mexico.
Fane	A temple; a place consecrated to religion; a church.
Fane	A weathercock.
Fanega	A dry measure in Spain and Spanish America, varying from 1/ to 2/ bushels; also, a measure of land.
Fanfare	A flourish of trumpets, as in coming into the lists, etc.; also, a short and lively air performed on hunting horns during the chase.
Fanfaron	A bully; a hector; a swaggerer; an empty boaster.
Fanfaronade	A swaggering; vain boasting; ostentation; a bluster.
Fanfoot	A species of gecko having the toes expanded into large lobes for adhesion. The Egyptian fanfoot (Phyodactylus gecko) is believed, by the natives, to have venomous toes.
Fanfoot	Any moth of the genus Polypogon.
Fang	To catch; to seize, as with the teeth; to lay hold of; to gripe; to clutch.
Fang	To enable to catch or tear; to furnish with fangs.
Fang	The tusk of an animal, by which the prey is seized and held or torn; a long pointed tooth; esp., one of the usually erectile, venomous teeth of serpents. Also, one of the falcers of a spider.
Fang	Any shoot or other thing by which hold is taken.
Fang	The root, or one of the branches of the root, of a tooth. See Tooth.
Fang	A niche in the side of an adit or shaft, for an air course.
Fang	A projecting tooth or prong, as in a part of a lock, or the plate of a belt clamp, or the end of a tool, as a chisel, where it enters the handle.
Fang	The valve of a pump box.
Fang	A bend or loop of a rope.
Fanged	Having fangs or tusks; as, a fanged adder. Also used figuratively.
Fangle	Something new-fashioned; a foolish innovation; a gewgaw; a trifling ornament.
Fangle	To fashion.
Fangled	New made; hence, gaudy; showy; vainly decorated. [Obs., except with the prefix new.] See Newfangled.
Fangleness	Quality of being fangled.
Fangless	Destitute of fangs or tusks.
Fangot	A quantity of wares, as raw silk, etc., from one hundred weight.
Fanion	A small flag sometimes carried at the head of the baggage of a brigade.
Fanion	A small flag for marking the stations in surveying.
Fanlike	Resembling a fan;
Fanlike	folded up like a fan, as certain leaves; plicate.
Fannel	Same as Fanon.
Fanner	One who fans.
Fanner	A fan wheel; a fan blower. See under Fan.
Fan-nerved	Having the nerves or veins arranged in a radiating manner; -- said of certain leaves, and of the wings of some insects.
Fanon	A term applied to various articles, as: (a) A peculiar striped scarf worn by the pope at mass, and by eastern bishops. (b) A maniple.
Fan palm	Any palm tree having fan-shaped or radiate leaves; as the Chamaerops humilis of Southern Europe; the species of Sabal and Thrinax in the West Indies, Florida, etc.; and especially the great talipot tree (Corypha umbraculifera) of Ceylon and Malaya. The leaves of the latter are often eighteen feet long and fourteen wide, and are used for umbrellas, tents, and roofs. When cut up, they are used for books and manuscripts.
Fantail	A variety of the domestic pigeon, so called from the shape of the tail.
Fantail	Any bird of the Australian genus Rhipidura, in which the tail is spread in the form of a fan during flight. They belong to the family of flycatchers.
Fan-tailed	Having an expanded, or fan-shaped, tail; as, the fan-tailed pigeon.
Fantasia	A continuous composition, not divided into what are called movements, or governed by the ordinary rules of musical design, but in which the author's fancy roves unrestricted by set form.
Fantasied	Filled with fancies or imaginations.
Fantasm	Same as Phantasm.
Fantast	One whose manners or ideas are fantastic.
Fantastic	Existing only in imagination; fanciful; imaginary; not real; chimerical.
Fantastic	Having the nature of a phantom; unreal.
Fantastic	Indulging the vagaries of imagination; whimsical; full of absurd fancies; capricious; as, fantastic minds; a fantastic mistress.
Fantastic	Resembling fantasies in irregularity, caprice, or eccentricity; irregular; oddly shaped; grotesque.
Fantastic	A person given to fantastic dress, manners, etc.; an eccentric person; a fop.
Fantastical	Fanciful; unreal; whimsical; capricious; fantastic.
Fantasticality	Fantastically.
Fantastically	In a fantastic manner.
Fantastic-alness	The quality of being fantastic.
Fantasticism	The quality of being fantastical; fancifulness; whimsicality.
Fantasticly	Fantastically.
Fantasticness	Fantasticalness.
Fantasticco	A fantastic.
Fantasies	of Fantasy
Fantasy	Fancy; imagination; especially, a whimsical or fanciful conception; a vagary of the imagination; whim; caprice; humor.
Fantasy	Fantastic designs.
Fantasy	To have a fancy for; to be pleased with; to like; to fancy.
Fantoccini	Puppets caused to perform evolutions or dramatic scenes by means of machinery; also, the representations in which they are used.
Fantom	See Phantom.
Fap	Fuddled.
Faquir	See Fakir.
Far	A young pig, or a litter of pigs.
Far	Distant in any direction; not near; remote; mutually separated by a wide space or extent.
Far	Remote from purpose; contrary to design or wishes; as, far be it from me to justify cruelty.
Far	Remote in affection or obedience; at a distance, morally or spiritually; t enmity with; alienated.
Far	Widely different in nature or quality; opposite in character.
Far	The more distant of two; as, the far side (called also off side) of a horse, that is, the right side, or the one opposite to the rider when he mounts.
Far	To a great extent or distance of space; widely; as, we are separated far from each other.
Far	To a great distance in time from any point; remotely; as, he pushed his researches far into antiquity.
Far	In great part; as, the day is far spent.
Far	In a great proportion; by many degrees; very much; deeply; greatly.
Farabout	A going out of the way; a digression.
Farad	The standard unit of electrical capacity; the capacity of a condenser whose charge, having an electro-motive force of one volt, is equal to the amount of electricity which, with the same electromotive force, passes through one ohm in one second; the capacity, which, charged with one coulomb, gives an electro-motive force of one volt.
Faradic	Of or pertaining to Michael Faraday, the distinguished electrician; -- applied especially to induced currents of electricity, as produced by certain forms of inductive apparatus, on account of Faraday's investigations of their laws.
Faradism	Alt. of Faradization
Faradization	The treatment with faradic or induced currents of electricity for remedial purposes.
Farand	See Farrand, n.
Farandams	A fabrik made of silk and wool or hair.
Farantly	Orderly; comely; respectable.
Farced	of Farce
Farcing	of Farce
Farce	To stuff with forcemeat; hence, to fill with mingled ingredients; to fill full; to stuff.
Farce	To render fat.
Farce	To swell out; to render pompous.
Farce	Stuffing, or mixture of viands, like that used on dressing a fowl; forcemeat.
Farce	A low style of comedy; a dramatic composition marked by low humor, generally written with little regard to regularity or method, and abounding with ludicrous incidents and expressions.
Farce	Ridiculous or empty show; as, a mere farce.
Farcement	Stuffing; forcemeat.
Farcical	Pertaining to farce; appropriated to farce; ludicrous; unnatural; unreal.
Farcical	Of or pertaining to the disease called farcy. See Farcy, n.
Farcilite	Pudding stone.
Farcimen	Alt. of Farcin
Farcin	Same as Farcy.
Farcing	Stuffing; forcemeat.
Farctate	Stuffed; filled solid; as, a farctate leaf, stem, or pericarp; -- opposed to tubular or hollow.
Farcy	A contagious disease of horses, associated with painful ulcerating enlargements, esp. upon the head and limbs. It is of the same nature as glanders, and is often fatal. Called also farcin, and farcimen.
Fard	Paint used on the face.
Fard	To paint; -- said esp. of one's face.
Fardage	See Dunnage.
Fardel	A bundle or little pack; hence, a burden.
Fardel	To make up in fardels.
Farding-bag	The upper stomach of a cow, or other ruminant animal; the rumen.
Fardingdale	A farthingale.
Fardingdeal	The fourth part of an acre of land.
Fared	of Fare
Faring	of Fare
Fare	To go; to pass; to journey; to travel.
Fare	To be in any state, or pass through any experience, good or bad; to be attended with any circummstances or train of events, fortunate or unfortunate; as, he fared well, or ill.
Fare	To be treated or entertained at table, or with bodily or social comforts; to live.
Fare	To happen well, or ill; -- used impersonally; as, we shall see how it will fare with him.
Fare	To behave; to conduct one's self.
Fare	A journey; a passage.
Fare	The price of passage or going; the sum paid or due for conveying a person by land or water; as, the fare for crossing a river; the fare in a coach or by railway.
Fare	Ado; bustle; business.
Fare	Condition or state of things; fortune; hap; cheer.
Fare	Food; provisions for the table; entertainment; as, coarse fare; delicious fare.
Fare	The person or persons conveyed in a vehicle; as, a full fare of passengers.
Fare	The catch of fish on a fishing vessel.
Faren	p. p. of Fare, v. i.
Farewell	Go well; good-by; adieu;  -- originally applied to a person departing, but by custom now applied both to those who depart and those who remain. It is often separated by the pronoun; as, fare you well; and is sometimes used as an expression of separation only; as, farewell the year; farewell, ye sweet groves; that is, I bid you farewell.
Farewell	A wish of happiness or welfare at parting; the parting compliment; a good-by; adieu.
Farewell	Act of departure; leave-taking; a last look at, or reference to something.
Farewell	Parting; valedictory; final; as, a farewell discourse; his farewell bow.
Farfet	Farfetched.
Farfetch	To bring from far; to seek out studiously.
Farfetch	Anything brought from far, or brought about with studious care; a deep strategem.
Farfetched	Brought from far, or from a remote place.
Farfetched	Studiously sought; not easily or naturally deduced or introduced; forced; strained.
Farina	A fine flour or meal made from cereal grains or from the starch or fecula of vegetables, extracted by various processes, and used in cookery.
Farina	Pollen.
Farinaceous	Consisting or made of meal or flour; as, a farinaceous diet.
Farinaceous	Yielding farina or flour; as, ffarinaceous seeds.
Farinaceous	Like meal; mealy; pertainiing to meal; as, a farinaceous taste, smell, or appearance.
Farinose	Yielding farinaa; as, farinose substances.
Farinose	Civered with a sort of white, mealy powder, as the leaves of some poplars, and the body of certain insects; mealy.
Farl	Same as Furl.
Farlie	An unusual or unexpected thing; a wonder. See Fearly.
Farm	The rent of land, -- originally paid by reservation of part of its products.
Farm	The term or tenure of a lease of land for cultivation; a leasehold.
Farm	The land held under lease and by payment of rent for the purpose of cultivation.
Farm	Any tract of land devoted to agricultural purposes, under the management of a tenant or the owner.
Farm	A district of country leased (or farmed) out for the collection of the revenues of government.
Farm	A lease of the imposts on particular goods; as, the sugar farm, the silk farm.
Farmed	of Farm
Farming	of Farm
Farm	To lease or let for an equivalent, as land for a rent; to yield the use of to proceeds.
Farm	To give up to another, as an estate, a business, the revenue, etc., on condition of receiving in return a percentage of what it yields; as, to farm the taxes.
Farm	To take at a certain rent or rate.
Farm	To devote (land) to agriculture; to cultivate, as land; to till, as a farm.
Farm	To engage in the business of tilling the soil; to labor as a farmer.
Farmable	Capable of being farmed.
Farmer	One who farms
Farmer	One who hires and cultivates a farm; a cultivator of leased ground; a tenant.
Farmer	One who is devoted to the tillage of the soil; one who cultivates a farm; an agriculturist; a husbandman.
Farmer	One who takes taxes, customs, excise, or other duties, to collect, either paying a fixed annuual rent for the privilege; as, a farmer of the revenues.
Farmer	The lord of the field, or one who farms the lot and cope of the crown.
Farmeress	A woman who farms.
Farmership	Skill in farming.
Farmery	The buildings and yards necessary for the business of a farm; a homestead.
Farmhouse	A dwelling house on a farm; a farmer's residence.
Farming	Pertaining to agriculture; devoted to, adapted to, or engaged in, farming; as, farming tools; farming land; a farming community.
Farming	The business of cultivating land.
Farmost	Most distant; farthest.
Farmstead	A farm with the building upon it; a homestead on a farm.
Farmsteading	A farmstead.
Farmyard	The yard or inclosure attached to a barn, or the space inclosed by the farm buildings.
Farness	The state of being far off; distance; remoteness.
Faro	A gambling game at cardds, in whiich all the other players play against the dealer or banker, staking their money upon the order in which the cards will lie and be dealt from the pack.
Faroese	An inhabitant, or, collectively, inhabitants, of the Faroe islands.
Far-off	Remote; as, the far-off distance.  Cf. Far-off, under Far, adv.
Farraginous	Formed of various materials; mixed; as, a farraginous mountain.
Farrago	A mass composed of various materials confusedly mixed; a medley; a mixture.
Farrand	Manner; custom; fashion; humor.
Farreation	Same as Confarreation.
Farrier	A shoer of horses; a veterinary surgeon.
Farrier	To practice as a farrier; to carry on the trade of a farrier.
Farriery	The art of shoeing horses.
Farriery	The art of preventing, curing, or mitigating diseases of horses and cattle; the veterinary art.
Farriery	The place where a smith shoes horses.
Farrow	A little of pigs.
Farrowed	of Farfow
Farrowing	of Farfow
Farfow	To bring forth (young); -- said only of swine.
Farrow	Not producing young in a given season or year; -- said only of cows.
Farry	A farrow.
Farse	An addition to, or a paraphrase of, some part of the Latin service in the vernacular; -- common in English before the Reformation.
Farseeing	Able to see to a great distance; farsighted.
Farseeing	Having foresight as regards the future.
Farsighted	Seeing to great distance; hence, of good judgment regarding the remote effects of actions; sagacious.
Farsighted	Hypermetropic.
Farsightedness	Quality of bbeing farsighted.
Farsightedness	Hypermetropia.
Farstretched	Streatched beyond ordinary limits.
Farther	More remote; more distant than something else.
Farther	Tending to a greater distance; beyond a certain point; additional; further.
Farther	At or to a greater distance; more remotely; beyond; as, let us rest with what we have, without looking farther.
Farther	Moreover; by way of progress in treating a subject; as, farther, let us consider the probable event.
Farther	To help onward. [R.] See Further.
Fartherance	See Furtherance.
Farthermore	See Furthermore.
Farthermost	Most remote; farthest.
Farthest	Most distant or remote; as, the farthest degree.  See Furthest.
Farthest	At or to the greatest distance. See Furthest.
Farthing	The fourth of a penny; a small copper coin of Great Britain, being a cent in United States currency.
Farthing	A very small quantity or value.
Farthing	A division of land.
Farthingale	A hoop skirt or hoop petticoat, or other light, elastic material, used to extend the petticoat.
Fasces	A bundle of rods, having among them an ax with the blade projecting, borne before the Roman magistrates as a badge of their authority.
Fascet	A wire basket on the end of a rod to carry glass bottles, etc., to the annealing furnace; also, an iron rod to be thrust into the mouths of bottles, and used for the same purpose; -- called also pontee and punty.
Fasciae	of Fascia
Fascia	A band, sash, or fillet; especially, in surgery, a bandage or roller.
Fascia	A flat member of an order or building, like a flat band or broad fillet; especially, one of the three bands which make up the architrave, in the Ionic order. See Illust. of Column.
Fascia	The layer of loose tissue, often containing fat, immediately beneath the skin; the stronger layer of connective tissue covering and investing all muscles; an aponeurosis.
Fascia	A broad well-defined band of color.
Fascial	Pertaining to the fasces.
Fascial	Relating to a fascia.
Fasciate	Alt. of Fasciated
Fasciated	Bound with a fillet, sash, or bandage.
Fasciated	Banded or compacted together.
Fasciated	Flattened and laterally widened, as are often the stems of the garden cockscomb.
Fasciated	Broadly banded with color.
Fasciation	The act or manner of binding up; bandage; also, the condition of being fasciated.
Fascicle	A small bundle or collection; a compact cluster; as, a fascicle of fibers; a fascicle of flowers or roots.
Fascicled	Growing in a bundle, tuft, or close cluster; as, the fascicled leaves of the pine or larch; the fascicled roots of the dahlia; fascicled muscle fibers; fascicled tufts of hair.
Fascicular	Pertaining to a fascicle; fascicled; as, a fascicular root.
Fascicularly	In a fascicled manner.
Fasciculate	Alt. of Fasciculated
Fasciculated	Grouped in a fascicle; fascicled.
Fasciculi	of Fasciculus
Fasciculus	A little bundle; a fascicle.
Fasciculus	A division of a book.
Fascinated	of Fascinate
Fascinating	of Fascinate
Fascinate	To influence in an uncontrollable manner; to operate on by some powerful or irresistible charm; to bewitch; to enchant.
Fascinate	To excite and allure irresistibly or powerfully; to charm; to captivate, as by physical or mental charms.
Fascination	The act of fascinating, bewhiching, or enchanting; enchantment; witchcraft; the exercise of a powerful or irresistible influence on the affections or passions; unseen, inexplicable influence.
Fascination	The state or condition of being fascinated.
Fascination	That which fascinates; a charm; a spell.
Fascine	A cylindrical bundle of small sticks of wood, bound together, used in raising batteries, filling ditches, strengthening ramparts, and making parapets; also in revetments for river banks, and in mats for dams, jetties, etc.
Fascinous	Caused or acting by witchcraft.
Fasciolae	of Fasciola
Fasciola	A band of gray matter bordering the fimbria in the brain; the dentate convolution.
Fasciole	A band of minute tubercles, bearing modified spines, on the shells of spatangoid sea urchins. See Spatangoidea.
Fashed	of Fash
Fashing	of Fash
Fash	To vex; to tease; to trouble.
Fash	Vexation; anxiety; care.
Fashion	The make or form of anything; the style, shape, appearance, or mode of structure; pattern, model; as, the fashion of the ark, of a coat, of a house, of an altar, etc.; workmanship; execution.
Fashion	The prevailing mode or style, especially of dress; custom or conventional usage in respect of dress, behavior, etiquette, etc.; particularly, the mode or style usual among persons of good breeding; as, to dress, dance, sing, ride, etc., in the fashion.
Fashion	Polite, fashionable, or genteel life; social position; good breeding; as, men of fashion.
Fashion	Mode of action; method of conduct; manner; custom; sort; way.
Fashioned	of Fashion
Fashioning	of Fashion
Fashion	To form; to give shape or figure to; to mold.
Fashion	To fit; to adapt; to accommodate; -- with to.
Fashion	To make according to the rule prescribed by custom.
Fashion	To forge or counterfeit.
Fashionable	Conforming to the fashion or established mode; according with the prevailing form or style; as, a fashionable dress.
Fashionable	Established or favored by custom or use; current; prevailing at a particular time; as, the fashionable philosophy; fashionable opinions.
Fashionable	Observant of the fashion or customary mode; dressing or behaving according to the prevailing fashion; as, a fashionable man.
Fashionable	Genteel; well-bred; as, fashionable society.
Fashionable	A person who conforms to the fashions; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Fashionableness	State of being fashionable.
Fashionably	In a fashionable manner.
Fashioned	Having a certain style or fashion; as old-fashioned; new-fashioned.
Fashioner	One who fashions, forms, ar gives shape to anything.
Fashionist	An obsequious follower of the modes and fashions.
Fashionless	Having no fashion.
Fashion-monger	One who studies the fashions; a fop; a dandy.
Fashion-mongering	Behaving like a fashion-monger.
Fassaite	A variety of pyroxene, from the valley of Fassa, in the Tyrol.
Fasted	of Fast
Fasting	of Fast
Fast	To abstain from food; to omit to take nourishment in whole or in part; to go hungry.
Fast	To practice abstinence as a religious exercise or duty; to abstain from food voluntarily for a time, for the mortification of the body or appetites, or as a token of grief, or humiliation and penitence.
Fast	Abstinence from food; omission to take nourishment.
Fast	Voluntary abstinence from food, for a space of time, as a spiritual discipline, or as a token of religious humiliation.
Fast	A time of fasting, whether a day, week, or longer time; a period of abstinence from food or certain kinds of food; as, an annual fast.
Fast	Firmly fixed; closely adhering; made firm; not loose, unstable, or easily moved; immovable; as, to make fast the door.
Fast	Firm against attack; fortified by nature or art; impregnable; strong.
Fast	Firm in adherence; steadfast; not easily separated or alienated; faithful; as, a fast friend.
Fast	Permanent; not liable to fade by exposure to air or by washing; durable; lasting; as, fast colors.
Fast	Tenacious; retentive.
Fast	Not easily disturbed or broken; deep; sound.
Fast	Moving rapidly; quick in mition; rapid; swift; as, a fast horse.
Fast	Given to pleasure seeking; disregardful of restraint; reckless; wild; dissipated; dissolute; as, a fast man; a fast liver.
Fast	In a fast, fixed, or firmly established manner; fixedly; firmly; immovably.
Fast	In a fast or rapid manner; quickly; swiftly; extravagantly; wildly; as, to run fast; to live fast.
Fast	That which fastens or holds; especially, (Naut.) a mooring rope, hawser, or chain; -- called, according to its position, a bow, head, quarter, breast, or stern fast; also, a post on a pier around which hawsers are passed in mooring.
Fastened	of Fasten
Fastening	of Fasten
Fasten	To fix firmly; to make fast; to secure, as by a knot, lock, bolt, etc.; as, to fasten a chain to the feet; to fasten a door or window.
Fasten	To cause to hold together or to something else; to attach or unite firmly; to cause to cleave to something , or to cleave together, by any means; as, to fasten boards together with nails or cords; to fasten anything in our thoughts.
Fasten	To cause to take close effect; to make to tell; to lay on; as, to fasten a blow.
Fasten	To fix one's self; to take firm hold; to clinch; to cling.
Fastener	One who, or that which, makes fast or firm.
Fastening	Anything that binds and makes fast, as a lock, catch, bolt, bar, buckle, etc.
Faster	One who abstains from food.
Fast-handed	Close-handed; close-fisted; covetous; avaricious.
Fasti	The Roman calendar, which gave the days for festivals, courts, etc., corresponding to a modern almanac.
Fasti	Records or registers of important events.
Fastidiosity	Fastidiousness; squeamishness.
Fastidious	Difficult to please; delicate to a fault; suited with difficulty; squeamish; as, a fastidious mind or ear; a fastidious appetite.
Fastigiate	Alt. of Fastigiated
Fastigiated	Narrowing towards the top.
Fastigiated	Clustered, parallel, and upright, as the branches of the Lombardy poplar; pointed.
Fastigiated	United into a conical bundle, or into a bundle with an enlarged head, like a sheaf of wheat.
Fastish	Rather fast; also, somewhat dissipated.
Fastly	Firmly; surely.
Fastness	The state of being fast and firm; firmness; fixedness; security; faithfulness.
Fastness	A fast place; a stronghold; a fortress or fort; a secure retreat; a castle; as, the enemy retired to their fastnesses in the mountains.
Fastness	Conciseness of style.
Fastness	The state of being fast or swift.
Fastuous	Proud; haughty; disdainful.
Fat	A large tub, cistern, or vessel; a vat.
Fat	A measure of quantity, differing for different commodities.
Fat	Abounding with fat
Fat	Fleshy; characterized by fatness; plump; corpulent; not lean; as, a fat man; a fat ox.
Fat	Oily; greasy; unctuous; rich; -- said of food.
Fat	Exhibiting the qualities of a fat animal; coarse; heavy; gross; dull; stupid.
Fat	Fertile; productive; as, a fat soil; a fat pasture.
Fat	Rich; producing a large income; desirable; as, a fat benefice; a fat office; a fat job.
Fat	Abounding in riches; affluent; fortunate.
Fat	Of a character which enables the compositor to make large wages; -- said of matter containing blank, cuts, or many leads, etc.; as, a fat take; a fat page.
Fat	An oily liquid or greasy substance making up the main bulk of the adipose tissue of animals, and widely distributed in the seeds of plants. See Adipose tissue, under Adipose.
Fat	The best or richest productions; the best part; as, to live on the fat of the land.
Fat	Work. containing much blank, or its equivalent, and, therefore, profitable to the compositor.
Fatted	of Fat
atting	of Fat
Fat	To make fat; to fatten; to make plump and fleshy with abundant food; as, to fat fowls or sheep.
Fat	To grow fat, plump, and fleshy.
Fatal	Proceeding from, or appointed by, fate or destiny; necessary; inevitable.
Fatal	Foreboding death or great disaster.
Fatal	Causing death or destruction; deadly; mortal; destructive; calamitous; as, a fatal wound; a fatal disease; a fatal day; a fatal error.
Fatalism	The doctrine that all things are subject to fate, or that they take place by inevitable necessity.
Fatalist	One who maintains that all things happen by inevitable necessity.
Fatalistic	Implying, or partaking of the nature of, fatalism.
Fatalities	of Fatality
Fatality	The state of being fatal, or proceeding from destiny; invincible necessity, superior to, and independent of, free and rational control.
Fatality	The state of being fatal; tendency to destruction or danger, as if by decree of fate; mortaility.
Fatality	That which is decreed by fate or which is fatal; a fatal event.
Fatally	In a manner proceeding from, or determined by, fate.
Fatally	In a manner issuing in death or ruin; mortally; destructively; as, fatally deceived or wounded.
Fatalness	Quality of being fatal.
Fata Morgana	A kind of mirage by which distant objects appear inverted, distorted, displaced, or multiplied. It is noticed particularly at the Straits of Messina, between Calabria and Sicily.
Fatback	The menhaden.
Fat-brained	Dull of apprehension.
Fate	A fixed decree by which the order of things is prescribed; the immutable law of the universe; inevitable necessity; the force by which all existence is determined and conditioned.
Fate	Appointed lot; allotted life; arranged or predetermined event; destiny; especially, the final lot; doom; ruin; death.
Fate	The element of chance in the affairs of life; the unforeseen and unestimated conitions considered as a force shaping events; fortune; esp., opposing circumstances against which it is useless to struggle; as, fate was, or the fates were, against him.
Fate	The three goddesses, Clotho, Lachesis, and Atropos, sometimes called the Destinies, or Parcaewho were supposed to determine the course of human life. They are represented, one as holding the distaff, a second as spinning, and the third as cutting off the thread.
Fated	Decreed by fate; destined; doomed; as, he was fated to rule a factious people.
Fated	Invested with the power of determining destiny.
Fated	Exempted by fate.
Fateful	Having the power of serving or accomplishing fate.
Fateful	Significant of fate; ominous.
Fathead	A cyprinoid fish of the Mississippi valley (Pimephales promelas); -- called also black-headed minnow.
Fathead	A labroid food fish of California; the redfish.
Father	One who has begotten a child, whether son or daughter; a generator; a male parent.
Father	A male ancestor more remote than a parent; a progenitor; especially, a first ancestor; a founder of a race or family; -- in the plural, fathers, ancestors.
Father	One who performs the offices of a parent by maintenance, affetionate care, counsel, or protection.
Father	A respectful mode of address to an old man.
Father	A senator of ancient Rome.
Father	A dignitary of the church, a superior of a convent, a confessor (called also father confessor), or a priest; also, the eldest member of a profession, or of a legislative assembly, etc.
Father	One of the chief esslesiastical authorities of the first centuries after Christ; -- often spoken of collectively as the Fathers; as, the Latin, Greek, or apostolic Fathers.
Father	One who, or that which, gives origin; an originator; a producer, author, or contriver; the first to practice any art, profession, or occupation; a distinguished example or teacher.
Father	The Supreme Being and Creator; God; in theology, the first person in the Trinity.
Fathered	of Father
Fathering	of Father
Father	To make one's self the father of; to beget.
Father	To take as one's own child; to adopt; hence, to assume as one's own work; to acknowledge one's self author of or responsible for (a statement, policy, etc.).
Father	To provide with a father.
Fatherhood	The state of being a father; the character or authority of a father; paternity.
Fathers-in-law	of Father-in-law
Father-in-law	The father of one's husband or wife; -- correlative to son-in-law and daughter-in-law.
Fatherland	One's native land; the native land of one's fathers or ancestors.
Father-lasher	A European marine fish (Cottus bubalis), allied to the sculpin; -- called also lucky proach.
Fatherless	Destitute of a living father; as, a fatherless child.
Fatherless	Without a known author.
Fatherlessness	The state of being without a father.
Fatherliness	The qualities of a father; parantal kindness, care, etc.
Father longlegs	See Daddy longlegs, 2.
Fatherly	Like a father in affection and care; paternal; tender; protecting; careful.
Fatherly	Of or pertaining to a father.
Fathership	The state of being a father; fatherhood; paternity.
Fathom	A measure of length, containing six feet; the space to which a man can extend his arms; -- used chiefly in measuring cables, cordage, and the depth of navigable water by soundings.
Fathom	The measure or extant of one's capacity; depth, as of intellect; profundity; reach; penetration.
Fathomed	of Fathom
Fathoming	of Fathom
Fathom	To encompass with the arms extended or encircling; to measure by throwing the arms about; to span.
Fathom	The measure by a sounding line; especially, to sound the depth of; to penetrate, measure, and comprehend; to get to the bottom of.
Fathomable	Capable of being fathomed.
Fathomer	One who fathoms.
Fathomless	Incapable of being fathomed; immeasurable; that can not be sounded.
Fathomless	Incomprehensible.
Fatidical	Having power to foretell future events; prophetic; fatiloquent; as, the fatidical oak.
Fatiferous	Fate-bringing; deadly; mortal; destructive.
Fatigable	Easily tired.
Fatigate	Wearied; tired; fatigued.
Fatigate	To weary; to tire; to fatigue.
Fatigation	Weariness.
Fatigue	Weariness from bodily labor or mental exertion; lassitude or exhaustion of strength.
Fatigue	The cause of weariness; labor; toil; as, the fatigues of war.
Fatigue	The weakening of a metal when subjected to repeated vibrations or strains.
Fatigued	of Fatigue
Fatiguing	of Fatigue
Fatigue	To weary with labor or any bodily or mental exertion; to harass with toil; to exhaust the strength or endurance of; to tire.
Fatiloquent	Prophetic; fatidical.
Fatiloquist	A fortune teller.
Fatimite	Alt. of Fatimide
Fatimide	Descended from Fatima, the daughter and only child of Mohammed.
Fatimide	A descendant of Fatima.
Fatiscence	A gaping or opening; state of being chinky, or having apertures.
Fat-kidneyed	Gross; lubberly.
Fatling	A calf, lamb, kid, or other young animal fattened for slaughter; a fat animal; -- said of such animals as are used for food.
Fatly	Grossly; greasily.
Fatner	One who fattens. [R.] See Fattener.
Fatness	The quality or state of being fat, plump, or full-fed; corpulency; fullness of flesh.
Fatness	Hence; Richness; fertility; fruitfulness.
Fatness	That which makes fat or fertile.
Fattened	of Fatten
Fattining	of Fatten
Fatten	To make fat; to feed for slaughter; to make fleshy or plump with fat; to fill full; to fat.
Fatten	To make fertile and fruitful; to enrich; as, to fatten land; to fatten fields with blood.
Fatten	To grow fat or corpulent; to grow plump, thick, or fleshy; to be pampered.
Fattener	One who, or that which, fattens; that which gives fatness or fertility.
Fattiness	State or quality of being fatty.
Fattish	Somewhat fat; inclined to fatness.
Fatty	Containing fat, or having the qualities of fat; greasy; gross; as, a fatty substance.
Fatuitous	Stupid; fatuous.
Fatuity	Weakness or imbecility of mind; stupidity.
Fatuous	Feeble in mind; weak; silly; stupid; foolish; fatuitous.
Fatuous	Without reality; illusory, like the ignis fatuus.
Fat-wited	Dull; stupid.
Faubourg	A suburb of French city; also, a district now within a city, but formerly without its walls.
Faucal	Pertaining to the fauces, or opening of the throat; faucial; esp., (Phon.) produced in the fauces, as certain deep guttural sounds found in the Semitic and some other languages.
Fauces	The narrow passage from the mouth to the pharynx, situated between the soft palate and the base of the tongue; -- called also the isthmus of the fauces.  On either side of the passage two membranous folds, called the pillars of the fauces, inclose the tonsils.
Fauces	The throat of a calyx, corolla, etc.
Fauces	That portion of the interior of a spiral shell which can be seen by looking into the aperture.
Faucet	A fixture for drawing a liquid, as water, molasses, oil, etc., from a pipe, cask, or other vessel, in such quantities as may be desired; -- called also tap, and cock. It consists of a tubular spout, stopped with a movable plug, spigot, valve, or slide.
Faucet	The enlarged end of a section of pipe which receives the spigot end of the next section.
Fauchion	See Falchion.
Faucial	Pertaining to the fauces; pharyngeal.
Faugh	An exclamation of contempt, disgust, or abhorrence.
Faulchion	See Falchion.
Faulcon	See Falcon.
Fauld	The arch over the dam of a blast furnace; the tymp arch.
Faule	A fall or falling band.
Fault	Defect; want; lack; default.
Fault	Anything that fails, that is wanting, or that impairs excellence; a failing; a defect; a blemish.
Fault	A moral failing; a defect or dereliction from duty; a deviation from propriety; an offense less serious than a crime.
Fault	A dislocation of the strata of the vein.
Fault	In coal seams, coal rendered worthless by impurities in the seam; as, slate fault, dirt fault, etc.
Fault	A lost scent; act of losing the scent.
Fault	Failure to serve the ball into the proper court.
Faulted	of Fault
Faulting	of Fault
Fault	To charge with a fault; to accuse; to find fault with; to blame.
Fault	To interrupt the continuity of (rock strata) by displacement along a plane of fracture; -- chiefly used in the p. p.; as, the coal beds are badly faulted.
Fault	To err; to blunder, to commit a fault; to do wrong.
Faulter	One who commits a fault.
Fault-finder	One who makes a practice of discovering others' faults and censuring them; a scold.
Fault-finding	The act of finding fault or blaming; -- used derogatively. Also Adj.
Faultful	Full of faults or sins.
Faultily	In a faulty manner.
Faultiness	Quality or state of being faulty.
Faulting	The state or condition of being faulted; the process by which a fault is produced.
Faultless	Without fault; not defective or imperfect; free from blemish; free from incorrectness, vice, or offense; perfect; as, a faultless poem.
Faulty	Containing faults, blemishes, or defects; imperfect; not fit for the use intended.
Faulty	Guilty of a fault, or of faults; hence, blamable; worthy of censure.
Faun	A god of fields and shipherds, diddering little from the satyr. The fauns are usually represented as half goat and half man.
Fauna	The animals of any given area or epoch; as, the fauna of America; fossil fauna; recent fauna.
Faunal	Relating to fauna.
Faunist	One who describes the fauna of country; a naturalist.
Fauni	of Faunus
Faunus	See Faun.
Fausen	A young eel.
Fausse-braye	A second raampart, exterior to, and parallel to, the main rampart, and considerably below its level.
Fauteuil	An armchair; hence (because the members sit in fauteuils or armchairs), membership in the French Academy.
Fauteuil	Chair of a presiding officer.
Fautor	A favorer; a patron; one who gives countenance or support; an abettor.
Fautress	A patroness.
Fauvette	A small singing bird, as the nightingale and warblers.
Fauces	of Faux
Faux	See Fauces.
faux pas	A false step; a mistake or wrong measure.
Favaginous	Formed like, or resembling, a honeycomb.
Favas	See Favus, n., 2.
Favel	Yellow; fal/ow; dun.
Favel	A horse of a favel or dun color.
Favel	Flattery; cajolery; deceit.
Favella	A group of spores arranged without order and covered with a thin gelatinous envelope, as in certain delicate red algae.
Faveolate	Honeycomb; having cavities or cells, somewhat resembling those of a honeycomb; alveolate; favose.
Favillous	Of or pertaining to ashes.
Favonian	Pertaining to the west wind; soft; mild; gentle.
Favor	Kind regard; propitious aspect; countenance; friendly disposition; kindness; good will.
Favor	The act of countenancing, or the condition of being countenanced, or regarded propitiously; support; promotion; befriending.
Favor	A kind act or office; kindness done or granted; benevolence shown by word or deed; an act of grace or good will, as distinct from justice or remuneration.
Favor	Mildness or mitigation of punishment; lenity.
Favor	The object of regard; person or thing favored.
Favor	A gift or represent; something bestowed as an evidence of good will; a token of love; a knot of ribbons; something worn as a token of affection; as, a marriage favor is a bunch or knot of white ribbons or white flowers worn at a wedding.
Favor	Appearance; look; countenance; face.
Favor	Partiality; bias.
Favor	A letter or epistle; -- so called in civility or compliment; as, your favor of yesterday is received.
Favor	Love locks.
Favored	of Favor
Favoring	of Favor
Favor	To regard with kindness; to support; to aid, or to have the disposition to aid, or to wish success to; to be propitious to; to countenance; to treat with consideration or tenderness; to show partiality or unfair bias towards.
Favor	To afford advantages for success to; to facilitate; as, a weak place favored the entrance of the enemy.
Favor	To resemble in features; to have the aspect or looks of; as, the child favors his father.
Favorable	Full of favor; favoring; manifesting partiality; kind; propitious; friendly.
Favorable	Conducive; contributing; tending to promote or facilitate; advantageous; convenient.
Favorable	Beautiful; well-favored.
Favored	Countenanced; aided; regarded with kidness; as, a favored friend.
Favored	Having a certain favor or appearance; featured; as, well-favored; hard-favored, etc.
Favoredly	In a favored or a favorable manner; favorably.
Favoredness	Appearance.
Favorer	One who favors; one who regards with kindness or friendship; a well-wisher; one who assists or promotes success or prosperity.
Favoress	A woman who favors or gives countenance.
Favoring	That favors.
Favorite	A person or thing regarded with peculiar favor; one treated with partiality; one preferred above others; especially, one unduly loved, trusted, and enriched with favors by a person of high rank or authority.
Favorite	Short curls dangling over the temples; -- fashionable in the reign of Charles II.
Favorite	The competitor (as a horse in a race) that is judged most likely to win; the competitor standing highest in the betting.
Favorite	Regarded with particular affection, esteem, or preference; as, a favorite walk; a favorite child.
Favoritism	The disposition to favor and promote the interest of one person or family, or of one class of men, to the neglect of others having equal claims; partiality.
Favorless	Unfavored; not regarded with favor; having no countenance or support.
Favorless	Unpropitious; unfavorable.
Favose	Honeycombed. See Faveolate.
Favose	Of or pertaining to the disease called favus.
Favosite	Like or pertaining to the genus Favosites.
Favosites	A genus of fossil corals abundant in the Silurian and Devonian rocks, having polygonal cells with perforated walls.
Favus	A disease of the scalp, produced by a vegetable parasite.
Favus	A tile or flagstone cut into an hexagonal shape to produce a honeycomb pattern, as in a pavement; -- called also favas and sectila.
Fawe	Fain; glad; delighted.
Fawkner	A falconer.
Fawn	A young deer; a buck or doe of the first year. See Buck.
Fawn	The young of an animal; a whelp.
Fawn	A fawn color.
Fawn	Of the color of a fawn; fawn-colored.
Fawn	To bring forth a fawn.
Fawned	of Fawn
Fawning	of Fawn
Fawn	To court favor by low cringing, frisking, etc., as a dog; to flatter meanly; -- often followed by on or upon.
Fawn	A servile cringe or bow; mean flattery; sycophancy.
Fawn-colored	Of the color of a fawn; light yellowish brown.
Fawner	One who fawns; a sycophant.
Fawningly	In a fawning manner.
Faxed	Hairy.
Fay	A fairy; an elf.
Fay	Faith; as, by my fay.
fayed	of Fay
Faying	of Fay
Fay	To fit; to join; to unite closely, as two pieces of wood, so as to make the surface fit together.
Fay	To lie close together; to fit; to fadge; -- often with in, into, with, or together.
Fayalite	A black, greenish, or brownish mineral of the chrysolite group. It is a silicate of iron.
Fayence	See Fa/ence.
Faytour	See Faitour.
Faze	See Feeze.
Fazzolet	A handkerchief.
Feaberry	A gooseberry.
Feague	To beat or whip; to drive.
Feal	Faithful; loyal.
Fealty	Fidelity to one's lord; the feudal obligation by which the tenant or vassal was bound to be faithful to his lord; the special oath by which this obligation was assumed; fidelity to a superior power, or to a government; loyality. It is no longer the practice to exact the performance of fealty, as a feudal obligation.
Fealty	Fidelity; constancy; faithfulness, as of a friend to a friend, or of a wife to her husband.
Fear	A variant of Fere, a mate, a companion.
Fear	A painful emotion or passion excited by the expectation of evil, or the apprehension of impending danger; apprehension; anxiety; solicitude; alarm; dread.
Fear	Apprehension of incurring, or solicitude to avoid, God's wrath; the trembling and awful reverence felt toward the Supreme Belng.
Fear	Respectful reverence for men of authority or worth.
Fear	That which causes, or which is the object of, apprehension or alarm; source or occasion of terror; danger; dreadfulness.
Feared	of Fear
Fearing	of Fear
Fear	To feel a painful apprehension of; to be afraid of; to consider or expect with emotion of alarm or solicitude.
Fear	To have a reverential awe of; to solicitous to avoid the displeasure of.
Fear	To be anxious or solicitous for.
Fear	To suspect; to doubt.
Fear	To affright; to terrify; to drive away or prevent approach of by fear.
Fear	To be in apprehension of evil; to be afraid; to feel anxiety on account of some expected evil.
Fearer	One who fars.
Fearful	Full of fear, apprehension, or alarm; afraid; frightened.
Fearful	inclined to fear; easily frightened; without courage; timid.
Fearful	Indicating, or caused by, fear.
Fearful	Inspiring fear or awe; exciting apprehension or terror; terrible; frightful; dreadful.
Fearfully	In a fearful manner.
Fearfulness	The state of being fearful.
Fearless	Free from fear.
Fearnaught	A fearless person.
Fearnaught	A stout woolen cloth of great thickness; dreadnaught; also, a warm garment.
Fearsome	Frightful; causing fear.
Fearsome	Easily frightened; timid; timorous.
Feasibilities	of Feasibility
Feasibility	The quality of being feasible; practicability; also, that which is feasible; as, before we adopt a plan, let us consider its feasibility.
Feasible	Capable of being done, executed, or effected; practicable.
Feasible	Fit to be used or tailed, as land.
Feast	A festival; a holiday; a solemn, or more commonly, a joyous, anniversary.
Feast	A festive or joyous meal; a grand, ceremonious, or sumptuous entertainment, of which many guests partake; a banquet characterized by tempting variety and abundance of food.
Feast	That which is partaken of, or shared in, with delight; something highly agreeable; entertainment.
Feasted	of Feast
Feasting	of Feast
Feast	To eat sumptuously; to dine or sup on rich provisions, particularly in large companies, and on public festivals.
Feast	To be highly gratified or delighted.
Feast	To entertain with sumptuous provisions; to treat at the table bountifully; as, he was feasted by the king.
Feast	To delight; to gratify; as, to feast the soul.
Feaster	One who fares deliciously.
Feaster	One who entertains magnificently.
Feastful	Festive; festal; joyful; sumptuous; luxurious.
Feat	An act; a deed; an exploit.
Feat	A striking act of strength, skill, or cunning; a trick; as, feats of horsemanship, or of dexterity.
Feat	To form; to fashion.
Feat	Dexterous in movements or service; skillful; neat; nice; pretty.
Feat-bodied	Having a feat or trim body.
Feateous	Dexterous; neat.
Feather	One of the peculiar dermal appendages, of several kinds, belonging to birds, as contour feathers, quills, and down.
Feather	Kind; nature; species; -- from the proverbial phrase, "Birds of a feather," that is, of the same species.
Feather	The fringe of long hair on the legs of the setter and some other dogs.
Feather	A tuft of peculiar, long, frizzly hair on a horse.
Feather	One of the fins or wings on the shaft of an arrow.
Feather	A longitudinal strip projecting as a fin from an object, to strengthen it, or to enter a channel in another object and thereby prevent displacement sidwise but permit motion lengthwise; a spline.
Feather	A thin wedge driven between the two semicylindrical parts of a divided plug in a hole bored in a stone, to rend the stone.
Feather	The angular adjustment of an oar or paddle-wheel float, with reference to a horizontal axis, as it leaves or enters the water.
Feathered	of Feather
Feathering.	of Feather
Feather	To furnish with a feather or feathers, as an arrow or a cap.
Feather	To adorn, as with feathers; to fringe.
Feather	To render light as a feather; to give wings to.
Feather	To enrich; to exalt; to benefit.
Feather	To tread, as a cock.
Feather	To grow or form feathers; to become feathered; -- often with out; as, the birds are feathering out.
Feather	To curdle when poured into another liquid, and float about in little flakes or "feathers;" as, the cream feathers
Feather	To turn to a horizontal plane; -- said of oars.
Feather	To have the appearance of a feather or of feathers; to be or to appear in feathery form.
Feather-brained/	Giddy; frivolous; feather-headed.
Feathered	Clothed, covered, or fitted with (or as with) feathers or wings; as, a feathered animal; a feathered arrow.
Feathered	Furnished with anything featherlike; ornamented; fringed; as, land feathered with trees.
Feathered	Having a fringe of feathers, as the legs of certian birds; or of hairs, as the legs of a setter dog.
Feathered	Having feathers; -- said of an arrow, when the feathers are of a tincture different from that of the shaft.
Feather-edge/	The thin, new growth around the edge of a shell, of an oyster.
Feather-edge/	Any thin, as on a board or a razor.
Feather-edged/	Having a feather-edge; also, having one edge thinner than the other, as a board; -- in the United States, said only of stuff one edge of which is made as thin as practicable.
Feather-few/	Feverfew.
Feather-foil	An aquatic plant (Hottonia palustris), having finely divided leaves.
Feather-head	A frivolous or featherbrained person.
Feather-headed	Giddy; frivolous; foolish.
Feather-heeled	Light-heeled; gay; frisky; frolicsome.
Featherness	The state or condition of being feathery.
Feathering	Same as Foliation.
Feathering	The act of turning the blade of the oar, as it rises from the water in rowing, from a vertical to a horizontal position. See To feather an oar, under Feather, v. t.
Feathering	A covering of feathers.
Featherless	Destitute of feathers.
Featherly	Like feathers.
Feather-pated	Feather-headed; frivolous.
Feather-veined	Having the veins (of a leaf) diverging from the two sides of a midrib.
Feathery	Pertaining to, or resembling, feathers; covered with, or as with, feathers; as, feathery spray or snow.
Featly	Neatly; dexterously; nimbly.
Featness	Skill; adroitness.
Feature	The make, form, or outward appearance of a person; the whole turn or style of the body; esp., good appearance.
Feature	The make, cast, or appearance of the human face, and especially of any single part of the face; a lineament. (pl.) The face, the countenance.
Feature	The cast or structure of anything, or of any part of a thing, as of a landscape, a picture, a treaty, or an essay; any marked peculiarity or characteristic; as, one of the features of the landscape.
Feature	A form; a shape.
Featured	Shaped; fashioned.
Featured	Having features; formed into features.
Featureless	Having no distinct or distinctive features.
Featurely	Having features; showing marked peculiarities; handsome.
Feazed	of Feaze
Feazing	of Feaze
Feaze	To untwist; to unravel, as the end of a rope.
Feaze	To beat; to chastise; also, to humble; to harass; to worry.
Feaze	A state of anxious or fretful excitement; worry; vexation.
Feazings	The unlaid or ragged end of a rope.
Febricitate	To have a fever.
Febriculose	Somewhat feverish.
Febrifacient	Febrific.
Febrifacient	That which causes fever.
Febriferous	Causing fever; as, a febriferous locality.
Febrific	Producing fever.
Febrifugal	Having the quality of mitigating or curing fever.
Febrifuge	A medicine serving to mitigate or remove fever.
Febrifuge	Antifebrile.
Febrile	Pertaining to fever; indicating fever, or derived from it; as, febrile symptoms; febrile action.
February	The second month in the year, said to have been introduced into the Roman calendar by Numa. In common years this month contains twenty-eight days; in the bissextile, or leap year, it has twenty-nine days.
Februation	Purification; a sacrifice.
Fecal	relating to, or containing, dregs, feces, or ordeure; faecal.
Fecche	To fetch.
Feces	dregs; sediment; excrement. See FAeces.
Fecial	Pertaining to heralds, declarations of war, and treaties of peace; as, fecial law.
Fecifork	The anal fork on which the larvae of certain insects carry their faeces.
Feckless	Spiritless; weak; worthless.
Fecks	A corruption of the word faith.
FeculAe	of Fecula
Fecula	Any pulverulent matter obtained from plants by simply breaking down the texture, washing with water, and subsidence.
Fecula	The nutritious part of wheat; starch or farina; -- called also amylaceous fecula.
Fecula	The green matter of plants; chlorophyll.
Feculence	The state or quality of being feculent; muddiness; foulness.
Feculence	That which is feculent; sediment; lees; dregs.
Feculency	Feculence.
Feculent	Foul with extraneous or impure substances; abounding with sediment or excrementitious matter; muddy; thick; turbid.
Fecund	Fruitful in children; prolific.
Fecundated	of Fecundate
Fecundating	of Fecundate
Fecundate	To make fruitful or prolific.
Fecundate	To render fruitful or prolific; to impregnate; as, in flowers the pollen fecundates the ovum through the stigma.
Fecundation	The act by which, either in animals or plants, material prepared by the generative organs the female organism is brought in contact with matter from the organs of the male, so that a new organism results; impregnation; fertilization.
Fecundify	To make fruitful; to fecundate.
Fecundity	The quality or power of producing fruit; fruitfulness; especially (Biol.), the quality in female organisms of reproducing rapidly and in great numbers.
Fecundity	The power of germinating; as in seeds.
Fecundity	The power of bringing forth in abundance; fertility; richness of invention; as, the fecundity of God's creative power.
Fed	imp. & p. p. of Feed.
Fedary	A feodary.
Federal	Pertaining to a league or treaty; derived from an agreement or covenant between parties, especially between nations; constituted by a compact between parties, usually governments or their representatives.
Federal	Composed of states or districts which retain only a subordinate and limited sovereignty, as the Union of the United States, or the Sonderbund of Switzerland.
Federal	Consisting or pertaining to such a government; as, the Federal Constitution; a Federal officer.
Federal	Friendly or devoted to such a government; as, the Federal party. see Federalist.
Federal	See Federalist.
Federalism	the principles of Federalists or of federal union.
Federalist	An advocate of confederation; specifically (Amer. Hist.), a friend of the Constitution of the United States at its formation and adoption; a member of the political party which favored the administration of president Washington.
Federalized	of Federalize
Federalizing	of Federalize
Federalize	To unite in compact, as different States; to confederate for political purposes; to unite by or under the Federal Constitution.
Federary	A partner; a confederate; an accomplice.
Federate	United by compact, as sovereignties, states, or nations; joined in confederacy; leagued; confederate; as, federate nations.
Federation	The act of uniting in a league; confederation.
Federation	A league; a confederacy; a federal or confederated government.
Federative	Uniting in a league; forming a confederacy; federal.
Fedity	Turpitude; vileness.
Fee	property; possession; tenure.
Fee	Reward or compensation for services rendered or to be rendered; especially, payment for professional services, of optional amount, or fixed by custom or laws; charge; pay; perquisite; as, the fees of lawyers and physicians; the fees of office; clerk's fees; sheriff's fees; marriage fees, etc.
Fee	A right to the use of a superior's land, as a stipend for services to be performed; also, the land so held; a fief.
Fee	An estate of inheritance supposed to be held either mediately or immediately from the sovereign, and absolutely vested in the owner.
Fee	An estate of inheritance belonging to the owner, and transmissible to his heirs, absolutely and simply, without condition attached to the tenure.
Feed	of Fee
Feeing	of Fee
Fee	To reward for services performed, or to be performed; to recompense; to hire or keep in hire; hence, to bribe.
Feeble	Deficient in physical strength; weak; infirm; debilitated.
Feeble	Wanting force, vigor, or efficiency in action or expression; not full, loud, bright, strong, rapid, etc.; faint; as, a feeble color; feeble motion.
Feeble	To make feble; to enfeeble.
Feeble-minded	Weak in intellectual power; wanting firmness or constancy; irresolute; vacilating; imbecile.
Feebleness	The quality or condition of being feeble; debility; infirmity.
Feebly	In a feeble manner.
Fed	of Feed
Feeding	of Feed
Feed	To give food to; to supply with nourishment; to satisfy the physical huger of.
Feed	To satisfy; grafity or minister to, as any sense, talent, taste, or desire.
Feed	To fill the wants of; to supply with that which is used or wasted; as, springs feed ponds; the hopper feeds the mill; to feed a furnace with coal.
Feed	To nourish, in a general sense; to foster, strengthen, develop, and guard.
Feed	To graze; to cause to be cropped by feeding, as herbage by cattle; as, if grain is too forward in autumn, feed it with sheep.
Feed	To give for food, especially to animals; to furnish for consumption; as, to feed out turnips to the cows; to feed water to a steam boiler.
Feed	To supply (the material to be operated upon) to a machine; as, to feed paper to a printing press.
Feed	To produce progressive operation upon or with (as in wood and metal working machines, so that the work moves to the cutting tool, or the tool to the work).
Feed	To take food; to eat.
Feed	To subject by eating; to satisfy the appetite; to feed one's self (upon something); to prey; -- with on or upon.
Feed	To be nourished, strengthened, or satisfied, as if by food.
Feed	To place cattle to feed; to pasture; to graze.
Feed	That which is eaten; esp., food for beasts; fodder; pasture; hay; grain, ground or whole; as, the best feed for sheep.
Feed	A grazing or pasture ground.
Feed	An allowance of provender given to a horse, cow, etc.; a meal; as, a feed of corn or oats.
Feed	A meal, or the act of eating.
Feed	The water supplied to steam boilers.
Feed	The motion, or act, of carrying forward the stuff to be operated upon, as cloth to the needle in a sewing machine; or of producing progressive operation upon any material or object in a machine, as, in a turning lathe, by moving the cutting tool along or in the work.
Feed	The supply of material to a machine, as water to a steam boiler, coal to a furnace, or grain to a run of stones.
Feed	The mechanism by which the action of feeding is produced; a feed motion.
Feeder	One who, or that which, gives food or supplies nourishment; steward.
Feeder	One who furnishes incentives; an encourager.
Feeder	One who eats or feeds; specifically, an animal to be fed or fattened.
Feeder	One who fattens cattle for slaughter.
Feeder	A stream that flows into another body of water; a tributary; specifically (Hydraulic Engin.), a water course which supplies a canal or reservoir by gravitation or natural flow.
Feeder	A branch railroad, stage line, or the like; a side line which increases the business of the main line.
Feeder	A small lateral lode falling into the main lode or mineral vein.
Feeder	A strong discharge of gas from a fissure; a blower.
Feeder	An auxiliary part of a machine which supplies or leads along the material operated upon.
Feeder	A device for supplying steam boilers with water as needed.
Feeding	the act of eating, or of supplying with food; the process of fattening.
Feeding	That which is eaten; food.
Feeding	That which furnishes or affords food, especially for animals; pasture land.
Fee-faw-fum	A nonsensical exclamation attributed to giants and ogres; hence, any expression calculated to impose upon the timid and ignorant.
Feejee	See Fijian.
Felt	of Feel
Feeling	of Feel
Feel	To perceive by the touch; to take cognizance of by means of the nerves of sensation distributed all over the body, especially by those of the skin; to have sensation excited by contact of (a thing) with the body or limbs.
Feel	To touch; to handle; to examine by touching; as, feel this piece of silk; hence, to make trial of; to test; often with out.
Feel	To perceive by the mind; to have a sense of; to experience; to be affected by; to be sensible of, or sensetive to; as, to feel pleasure; to feel pain.
Feel	To take internal cognizance of; to be conscious of; to have an inward persuasion of.
Feel	To perceive; to observe.
Feel	To have perception by the touch, or by contact of anything with the nerves of sensation, especially those upon the surface of the body.
Feel	To have the sensibilities moved or affected.
Feel	To be conscious of an inward impression, state of mind, persuasion, physical condition, etc.; to perceive one's self to be; -- followed by an adjective describing the state, etc.; as, to feel assured, grieved, persuaded.
Feel	To know with feeling; to be conscious; hence, to know certainly or without misgiving.
Feel	To appear to the touch; to give a perception; to produce an impression by the nerves of sensation; -- followed by an adjective describing the kind of sensation.
Feel	Feeling; perception.
Feel	A sensation communicated by touching; impression made upon one who touches or handles; as, this leather has a greasy feel.
Feeler	One who, or that which, feels.
Feeler	One of the sense organs or certain animals (as insects), which are used in testing objects by touch and in searching for food; an antenna; a palp.
Feeler	Anything, as a proposal, observation, etc., put forth or thrown out in order to ascertain the views of others; something tentative.
Feeling	Possessing great sensibility; easily affected or moved; as, a feeling heart.
Feeling	Expressive of great sensibility; attended by, or evincing, sensibility; as, he made a feeling representation of his wrongs.
Feeling	The sense by which the mind, through certain nerves of the body, perceives external objects, or certain states of the body itself; that one of the five senses which resides in the general nerves of sensation distributed over the body, especially in its surface; the sense of touch; nervous sensibility to external objects.
Feeling	An act or state of perception by the sense above described; an act of apprehending any object whatever; an act or state of apprehending the state of the soul itself; consciousness.
Feeling	The capacity of the soul for emotional states; a high degree of susceptibility to emotions or states of the sensibility not dependent on the body; as, a man of feeling; a man destitute of feeling.
Feeling	Any state or condition of emotion; the exercise of the capacity for emotion; any mental state whatever; as, a right or a wrong feeling in the heart; our angry or kindly feelings; a feeling of pride or of humility.
Feeling	That quality of a work of art which embodies the mental emotion of the artist, and is calculated to affect similarly the spectator.
Feelingly	In a feeling manner; pathetically; sympathetically.
Feere	A consort, husband or wife; a companion; a fere.
Feese	the short run before a leap.
Feet	See Foot.
Feet	Fact; performance.
Feetless	Destitute of feet; as, feetless birds.
Feeze	To turn, as a screw.
Feeze	To beat; to chastise; to humble; to worry.
Feeze	Fretful excitement. [Obs.] See Feaze.
Fehling	See Fehling's solution, under Solution.
Fehmic	See Vehmic.
Feigned	of Feign
Feigning	of Feign
Feign	To give a mental existence to, as to something not real or actual; to imagine; to invent; hence, to pretend; to form and relate as if true.
Feign	To represent by a false appearance of; to pretend; to counterfeit; as, to feign a sickness.
Feign	To dissemble; to conceal.
Feigned	Not real or genuine; pretended; counterfeit; insincere; false.
Feigner	One who feigns or pretends.
Feigning	That feigns; insincere; not genuine; false.
Feine	To feign.
Feint	Feigned; counterfeit.
Feint	That which is feigned; an assumed or false appearance; a pretense; a stratagem; a fetch.
Feint	A mock blow or attack on one part when another part is intended to be struck; -- said of certain movements in fencing, boxing, war, etc.
Feint	To make a feint, or mock attack.
Feitsui	The Chinese name for a highly prized variety of pale green jade. See Jade.
Feize	See Feeze, v. t.
Felanders	See Filanders.
Feldspar	Alt. of Feldspath
Feldspath	A name given to a group of minerals, closely related in crystalline form, and all silicates of alumina with either potash, soda, lime, or, in one case, baryta. They occur in crystals and crystalline masses, vitreous in luster, and breaking rather easily in two directions at right angles to each other, or nearly so. The colors are usually white or nearly white, flesh-red, bluish, or greenish.
Feldspathic	Alt. of Feldspathose
Feldspathose	Pertaining to, or consisting of, feldspar.
Fele	Many.
Fe-licify	To make happy; to felicitate.
Felicitate	Made very happy.
Felicitated	of Felicitate
felicitating	of Felicitate
Felicitate	To make very happy; to delight.
Felicitate	To express joy or pleasure to; to wish felicity to; to call or consider (one's self) happy; to congratulate.
Felicitation	The act of felicitating; a wishing of joy or happiness; congratulation.
Felicitous	Characterized by felicity; happy; prosperous; delightful; skilful; successful; happily applied or expressed; appropriate.
Felicities	of Felicity
Felicity	The state of being happy; blessedness; blissfulness; enjoyment of good.
Felicity	That which promotes happiness; a successful or gratifying event; prosperity; blessing.
Felicity	A pleasing faculty or accomplishment; as, felicity in painting portraits, or in writing or talking.
Feline	Catlike; of or pertaining to the genus Felis, or family Felidae; as, the feline race; feline voracity.
Feline	Characteristic of cats; sly; stealthy; treacherous; as, a feline nature; feline manners.
Felis	A genus of carnivorous mammals, including the domestic cat, the lion, tiger, panther, and similar animals.
Fell	imp. of Fall.
Fell	Cruel; barbarous; inhuman; fierce; savage; ravenous.
Fell	Eager; earnest; intent.
Fell	Gall; anger; melancholy.
Fell	A skin or hide of a beast with the wool or hair on; a pelt; -- used chiefly in composition, as woolfell.
Fell	A barren or rocky hill.
Fell	A wild field; a moor.
Felled	of Fell
Felling	of Fell
Fell	To cause to fall; to prostrate; to bring down or to the ground; to cut down.
Fell	The finer portions of ore which go through the meshes, when the ore is sorted by sifting.
Fell	To sew or hem; -- said of seams.
Fell	A form of seam joining two pieces of cloth, the edges being folded together and the stitches taken through both thicknesses.
Fell	The end of a web, formed by the last thread of the weft.
Fellable	Fit to be felled.
Fellahin	of Fellah
Fellahs	of Fellah
Fellah	A peasant or cultivator of the soil among the Egyptians, Syrians, etc.
Feller	One who, or that which, fells, knocks or cuts down; a machine for felling trees.
Feller	An appliance to a sewing machine for felling a seam.
Felltare	The fieldfare.
Felliflu-ous	Flowing with gall.
Fellinic	Of, relating to, or derived from, bile or gall; as, fellinic acid.
Fellmonger	A dealer in fells or sheepskins, who separates the wool from the pelts.
Fellness	The quality or state of being fell or cruel; fierce barbarity.
Felloe	See Felly.
Fellon	Variant of Felon.
Fellow	A companion; a comrade; an associate; a partner; a sharer.
Fellow	A man without good breeding or worth; an ignoble or mean man.
Fellow	An equal in power, rank, character, etc.
Fellow	One of a pair, or of two things used together or suited to each other; a mate; the male.
Fellow	A person; an individual.
Fellow	In the English universities, a scholar who is appointed to a foundation called a fellowship, which gives a title to certain perquisites and privileges.
Fellow	In an American college or university, a member of the corporation which manages its business interests; also, a graduate appointed to a fellowship, who receives the income of the foundation.
Fellow	A member of a literary or scientific society; as, a Fellow of the Royal Society.
Fellow	To suit with; to pair with; to match.
Fellow-commoner	A student at Cambridge University, England, who commons, or dines, at the Fellow's table.
Fellow-creature	One of the same race or kind; one made by the same Creator.
Fellowfeel	To share through sympathy; to participate in.
Fellow-feeling	Sympathy; a like feeling.
Fellow-feeling	Joint interest.
Fellowless	Without fellow or equal; peerless.
Fellowlike	Like a companion; companionable; on equal terms; sympathetic.
Fellowly	Fellowlike.
Fellowship	The state or relation of being or associate.
Fellowship	Companionship of persons on equal and friendly terms; frequent and familiar intercourse.
Fellowship	A state of being together; companionship; partnership; association; hence, confederation; joint interest.
Fellowship	Those associated with one, as in a family, or a society; a company.
Fellowship	A foundation for the maintenance, on certain conditions, of a scholar called a fellow, who usually resides at the university.
Fellowship	The rule for dividing profit and loss among partners; -- called also partnership, company, and distributive proportion.
Fellowshiped	of Fellowship
Fellowshiping	of Fellowship
Fellowship	To acknowledge as of good standing, or in communion according to standards of faith and practice; to admit to Christian fellowship.
Felly	In a fell or cruel manner; fiercely; barbarously; savagely.
Fellies	of Felly
Felly	The exterior wooden rim, or a segment of the rim, of a wheel, supported by the spokes.
Felos-de-se	of Felo-de-se
Felo-de-se	One who deliberately puts an end to his own existence, or loses his life while engaged in the commission of an unlawful or malicious act; a suicide.
Felon	A person who has committed a felony.
Felon	A person guilty or capable of heinous crime.
Felon	A kind of whitlow; a painful imflammation of the periosteum of a finger, usually of the last joint.
Felon	Characteristic of a felon; malignant; fierce; malicious; cruel; traitorous; disloyal.
Felonious	Having the quality of felony; malignant; malicious; villainous; traitorous; perfidious; in a legal sense, done with intent to commit a crime; as, felonious homicide.
Felonous	Wicked; felonious.
Felonry	A body of felons; specifically, the convict population of a penal colony.
Felonwort	The bittersweet nightshade (Solanum Dulcamara). See Bittersweet.
Felonies	of Felony
Felony	An act on the part of the vassal which cost him his fee by forfeiture.
Felony	An offense which occasions a total forfeiture either lands or goods, or both, at the common law, and to which capital or other punishment may be added, according to the degree of guilt.
Felony	A heinous crime; especially, a crime punishable by death or imprisonment.
To compound a felony	See under Compound, v. t.
Felsite	A finegrained rock, flintlike in fracture, consisting essentially of orthoclase feldspar with occasional grains of quartz.
Felsitic	relating to, composed of, or containing, felsite.
Felspar	Alt. of Felspath
Felspath	See Feldspar.
Felspathic	See Feldspathic.
Felstone	See Felsite.
Felt	imp. & p. p. / a. from Feel.
Felt	A cloth or stuff made of matted fibers of wool, or wool and fur, fulled or wrought into a compact substance by rolling and pressure, with lees or size, without spinning or weaving.
Felt	A hat made of felt.
Felt	A skin or hide; a fell; a pelt.
Felted	of Felt
Felting	of Felt
Felt	To make into felt, or a feltike substance; to cause to adhere and mat together.
Felt	To cover with, or as with, felt; as, to felt the cylinder of a steam emgine.
Felter	To clot or mat together like felt.
Felting	The material of which felt is made; also, felted cloth; also, the process by which it is made.
Felting	The act of splitting timber by the felt grain.
Feltry	See Felt, n.
Felucca	A small, swift-sailing vessel, propelled by oars and lateen sails, -- once common in the Mediterranean.
Felwort	A European herb (Swertia perennis) of the Gentian family.
Female	An individual of the sex which conceives and brings forth young, or (in a wider sense) which has an ovary and produces ova.
Female	A plant which produces only that kind of reproductive organs which are capable of developing into fruit after impregnation or fertilization; a pistillate plant.
Female	Belonging to the sex which conceives and gives birth to young, or (in a wider sense) which produces ova; not male.
Female	Belonging to an individual of the female sex; characteristic of woman; feminine; as, female tenderness.
Female	Having pistils and no stamens; pistillate; or, in cryptogamous plants, capable of receiving fertilization.
Female rhymes	double rhymes, or rhymes (called in French feminine rhymes because they end in e weak, or feminine) in which two syllables, an accented and an unaccented one, correspond at the end of each line.
Female fern	a common species of fern with large decompound fronds (Asplenium Filixfaemina), growing in many countries; lady fern.
Femalist	A gallant.
Femalize	To make, or to describe as, female or feminine.
Feme	A woman.
Femeral	See Femerell.
Femerell	A lantern, or louver covering, placed on a roof, for ventilation or escape of smoke.
Feminal	Feminine.
Feminality	Feminity.
Feminate	Feminine.
Femineity	Womanliness; femininity.
Feminine	Of or pertaining to a woman, or to women; characteristic of a woman; womanish; womanly.
Feminine	Having the qualities of a woman; becoming or appropriate to the female sex; as, in a good sense, modest, graceful, affectionate, confiding; or, in a bad sense, weak, nerveless, timid, pleasure-loving, effeminate.
Feminine rhyme	See Female rhyme, under Female, a.
Feminine	A woman.
Feminine	Any one of those words which are the appellations of females, or which have the terminations usually found in such words; as, actress, songstress, abbess, executrix.
Femininely	In a feminine manner.
Feminineness	The quality of being feminine; womanliness; womanishness.
Femininity	The quality or nature of the female sex; womanliness.
Femininity	The female form.
Feminity	Womanliness; femininity.
Feminization	The act of feminizing, or the state of being feminized.
Feminize	To make womanish or effeminate.
Feminye	The people called Amazons.
Femme	A woman. See Feme, n.
Femoral	Pertaining to the femur or thigh; as, the femoral artery.
Femora	of Femur
Femur	The thigh bone.
Femur	The proximal segment of the hind limb containing the thigh bone; the thigh. See Coxa.
Fen	Low land overflowed, or covered wholly or partially with water, but producing sedge, coarse grasses, or other aquatic plants; boggy land; moor; marsh.
Fence	That which fends off attack or danger; a defense; a protection; a cover; security; shield.
Fence	An inclosure about a field or other space, or about any object; especially, an inclosing structure of wood, iron, or other material, intended to prevent intrusion from without or straying from within.
Fence	A projection on the bolt, which passes through the tumbler gates in locking and unlocking.
Fence	Self-defense by the use of the sword; the art and practice of fencing and sword play; hence, skill in debate and repartee. See Fencing.
Fence	A receiver of stolen goods, or a place where they are received.
Fencing	of Fence
Fence	To fend off danger from; to give security to; to protect; to guard.
Fence	To inclose with a fence or other protection; to secure by an inclosure.
Fence	To make a defense; to guard one's self of anything, as against an attack; to give protection or security, as by a fence.
Fence	To practice the art of attack and defense with the sword or with the foil, esp. with the smallsword, using the point only.
Fence	Hence, to fight or dispute in the manner of fencers, that is, by thrusting, guarding, parrying, etc.
Fenceful	Affording defense; defensive.
Fenceless	Without a fence; uninclosed; open; unguarded; defenseless.
Fencer	One who fences; one who teaches or practices the art of fencing with sword or foil.
Fenci-ble	Capable of being defended, or of making or affording defense.
Fencible	A soldier enlisted for home service only; -- usually in the pl.
Fencing	The art or practice of attack and defense with the sword, esp. with the smallsword. See Fence, v. i., 2.
Fencing	Disputing or debating in a manner resembling the art of fencers.
Fencing	The materials used for building fences.
Fencing	The act of building a fence.
Fencing	The aggregate of the fences put up for inclosure or protection; as, the fencing of a farm.
Fen cricket	The mole cricket.
Fend	A fiend.
Fended	of Fend
Fending	of Fend
Fend	To keep off; to prevent from entering or hitting; to ward off; to shut out; -- often with off; as, to fend off blows.
Fend	To act on the defensive, or in opposition; to resist; to parry; to shift off.
Fender	One who or that which defends or protects by warding off harm
Fender	A screen to prevent coals or sparks of an open fire from escaping to the floor.
Fender	Anything serving as a cushion to lessen the shock when a vessel comes in contact with another vessel or a wharf.
Fender	A screen to protect a carriage from mud thrown off the wheels: also, a splashboard.
Fender	Anything set up to protect an exposed angle, as of a house, from damage by carriage wheels.
Fendliche	Fiendlike.
Fenerate	To put money to usury; to lend on interest.
Feneration	The act of fenerating; interest.
Fenes-tella	Any small windowlike opening or recess, esp. one to show the relics within an altar, or the like.
Fenestrae	of Fenestra
Fenestra	A small opening; esp., one of the apertures, closed by membranes, between the tympanum and internal ear.
Fenestral	Pertaining to a window or to windows.
Fenestral	Of or pertaining to a fenestra.
Fenestral	A casement or window sash, closed with cloth or paper instead of glass.
Fenestrate	Having numerous openings; irregularly reticulated; as, fenestrate membranes; fenestrate fronds.
Fenestrate	Having transparent spots, as the wings of certain butterflies.
Fenestrated	Having windows; characterized by windows.
Fenestrated	Same as Fenestrate.
Fenestration	The arrangement and proportioning of windows; -- used by modern writers for the decorating of an architectural composition by means of the window (and door) openings, their ornaments, and proportions.
Fenestration	The state or condition of being fenestrated.
Fenestrule	One of the openings in a fenestrated structure.
Fengite	A kind of marble or alabaster, sometimes used for windows on account of its transparency.
Fenian	A member of a secret organization, consisting mainly of Irishment, having for its aim the overthrow of English rule in ireland.
Fenian	Pertaining to Fenians or to Fenianism.
Fenianism	The principles, purposes, and methods of the Fenians.
Fenks	The refuse whale blubber, used as a manure, and in the manufacture of Prussian blue.
Fennec	A small, African, foxlike animal (Vulpes zerda) of a pale fawn color, remarkable for the large size of its ears.
Fennel	A perennial plant of the genus Faeniculum (F. vulgare), having very finely divided leaves. It is cultivated in gardens for the agreeable aromatic flavor of its seeds.
Fennish	Abounding in fens; fenny.
Fenny	Pertaining to, or inhabiting, a fen; abounding in fens; swampy; boggy.
Fenowed	Corrupted; decayed; moldy. See Vinnewed.
Fensi-ble	Fencible.
Fen-sucked	Sucked out of marches.
Fenugreek	A plant (trigonella Foenum Graecum) cultivated for its strong-smelling seeds, which are
Feod	A feud. See 2d Feud.
Feodal	Feudal. See Feudal.
Feodality	Feudal tenure; the feudal system. See Feudality.
Feodary	An accomplice.
Feodary	An ancient officer of the court of wards.
Feodatory	See Feudatory.
Feoffed	of Feoff
Feoffing	of Feoff
Feoff	To invest with a fee or feud; to give or grant a corporeal hereditament to; to enfeoff.
Feoff	A fief. See Fief.
Feoffee	The person to whom a feoffment is made; the person enfeoffed.
Feoffment	The grant of a feud or fee.
Feoffment	A gift or conveyance in fee of land or other corporeal hereditaments, accompanied by actual delivery of possession.
Feoffment	The instrument or deed by which corporeal hereditaments are conveyed.
Feofor	Alt. of Feoffer
Feoffer	One who enfeoffs or grants a fee.
Fer	Far.
Feracious	Fruitful; producing abundantly.
Feracity	The state of being feracious or fruitful.
Ferae	A group of mammals which formerly included the Carnivora, Insectivora, Marsupialia, and lemurs, but is now often restricted to the Carnivora.
Ferae naturae	Of a wild nature; -- applied to animals, as foxes, wild ducks, etc., in which no one can claim property.
Feral	Wild; untamed; ferine; not domesticated; -- said of beasts, birds, and plants.
Feral	Funereal; deadly; fatal; dangerous.
Ferde	imp. of Fare.
Fer-de-lance	A large, venomous serpent (Trigonocephalus lanceolatus) of Brazil and the West Indies. It is allied to the rattlesnake, but has no rattle.
Ferding	A measure of land mentioned in Domesday Book. It is supposed to have consisted of a few acres only.
Ferdness	Fearfulness.
Fere	A mate or companion; -- often used of a wife.
Fere	Fierce.
Fere	Fire.
Fere	Fear.
Fere	To fear.
Feretory	A portable bier or shrine, variously adorned, used for containing relics of saints.
Ferforth	Far forth.
Ferforthly	Ferforth.
Fergusonite	A mineral of a brownish black color, essentially a tantalo-niobate of yttrium, erbium, and cerium; -- so called after Robert Ferguson.
Feriae	of Feria
Feria	A week day, esp. a day which is neither a festival nor a fast.
Ferial	Same as Feria.
Ferial	Of or pertaining to holidays.
Ferial	Belonging to any week day, esp. to a day that is neither a festival nor a fast.
Feriation	The act of keeping holiday; cessation from work.
Ferie	A holiday.
Ferier	compar. of Fere, fierce.
Ferine	Wild; untamed; savage; as, lions, tigers, wolves, and bears are ferine beasts.
Ferine	A wild beast; a beast of prey.
Feringee	The name given to Europeans by the Hindos.
Ferity	Wildness; savageness; fierceness.
Ferly	Singular; wonderful; extraordinary.
Ferly	A wonder; a marvel.
Fermacy	Medicine; pharmacy.
Ferm	Alt. of Ferme
Ferme	Rent for a farm; a farm; also, an abode; a place of residence; as, he let his land to ferm.
Ferment	That which causes fermentation, as yeast, barm, or fermenting beer.
Ferment	Intestine motion; heat; tumult; agitation.
Ferment	A gentle internal motion of the constituent parts of a fluid; fermentation.
Fermented	of Ferment
Fermenting	of Ferment
Ferment	To cause ferment of fermentation in; to set in motion; to excite internal emotion in; to heat.
Ferment	To undergo fermentation; to be in motion, or to be excited into sensible internal motion, as the constituent oarticles of an animal or vegetable fluid; to work; to effervesce.
Ferment	To be agitated or excited by violent emotions.
Fermentability	Capability of fermentation.
Fermentable	Capable of fermentation; as, cider and other vegetable liquors are fermentable.
Fermental	Fermentative.
Fermentation	The process of undergoing an effervescent change, as by the action of yeast; in a wider sense (Physiol. Chem.), the transformation of an organic substance into new compounds by the action of a ferment, either formed or unorganized. It differs in kind according to the nature of the ferment which causes it.
Fermentation	A state of agitation or excitement, as of the intellect or the feelings.
Fermentative	Causing, or having power to cause, fermentation; produced by fermentation; fermenting; as, a fermentative process.
Fermerere	The officer in a religious house who had the care of the infirmary.
Fermillet	A buckle or clasp.
Fern	Long ago.
Fern	Ancient; old. [Obs.] "Pilgrimages to . . . ferne halwes." [saints].
Fern	An order of cryptogamous plants, the Filices, which have their fructification on the back of the fronds or leaves. They are usually found in humid soil, sometimes grow epiphytically on trees, and in tropical climates often attain a gigantic size.
Fernery	A place for rearing ferns.
Fernticle	A freckle on the skin, resembling the seed of fern.
Ferny	Abounding in ferns.
Ferocious	Fierce; savage; wild; indicating cruelty; ravenous; rapacious; as, ferocious look or features; a ferocious lion.
Ferocity	Savage wildness or fierceness; fury; cruelty; as, ferocity of countenance.
Feroher	A symbol of the solar deity, found on monuments exhumed in Babylon, Nineveh, etc.
Ferous	Wild; savage.
-ferous	A suffix signifying bearing, producing, yielding; as, auriferous, yielding gold; chyliferous, producing chyle.
Ferrandine	A stuff made of silk and wool.
Ferrara	A sword bearing the mark of one of the Ferrara family of Italy. These swords were highly esteemed in England and Scotland in the 16th and 17th centuries.
Ferrarese	Pertaining to Ferrara, in Italy.
Ferrarese	A citizen of Ferrara; collectively, the inhabitants of Ferrara.
Ferrary	The art of working in iron.
Ferrate	A salt of ferric acid.
Ferre	Alt. of Ferrer
Ferrer	compar. of Fer.
Ferreous	Partaking of, made of, or pertaining to, iron; like iron.
Ferrest	superl. of Fer.
Ferret	An animal of the Weasel family (Mustela / Putorius furo), about fourteen inches in length, of a pale yellow or white color, with red eyes. It is a native of Africa, but has been domesticated in Europe. Ferrets are used to drive rabbits and rats out of their holes.
Ferreted	of Ferret
Ferreting	of Ferret
Ferret	To drive or hunt out of a lurking place, as a ferret does the cony; to search out by patient and sagacious efforts; -- often used with out; as, to ferret out a secret.
Ferret	A kind of narrow tape, usually made of woolen; sometimes of cotton or silk; -- called also ferreting.
Ferret	The iron used for trying the melted glass to see if is fit to work, and for shaping the rings at the mouths of bottles.
Ferreter	One who ferrets.
Ferret-eye	The spur-winged goose; -- so called from the red circle around the eyes.
Ferretto	Copper sulphide, used to color glass.
Ferri-	A combining form indicating ferric iron as an ingredient; as, ferricyanide.
Ferriage	The price or fare to be paid for passage at a ferry.
Ferric	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing iron. Specifically (Chem.), denoting those compounds in which iron has a higher valence than in the ferrous compounds; as, ferric oxide; ferric acid.
Ferricyanate	A salt of ferricyanic acid; a ferricyanide.
Ferricyanic	Pertaining to, or derived from, a ferricyanide.
Ferricyanide	One of a complex series of double cyanides of ferric iron and some other base.
Ferrier	A ferryman.
Ferriferous	Producing or yielding iron.
Ferriprussiate	A ferricyanate; a ferricyanide.
Ferriprussic	Ferricyanic.
Ferro-	A prefix, or combining form, indicating ferrous iron as an ingredient; as, ferrocyanide.
Ferrocalcite	Limestone containing a large percentage of iron carbonate, and hence turning brown on exposure.
Ferrocyanate	A salt of ferrocyanic acid; a ferrocyanide.
Ferrocyanic	Pertaining to, derived from, or designating, a ferrocyanide.
Ferrocyanide	One of a series of complex double cyanides of ferrous iron and some other base.
Ferroprussiate	A ferrocyanate; a ferocyanide.
Ferroprussic	Ferrocyanic.
Ferroso-	See Ferro-.
Ferrotype	A photographic picture taken on an iron plate by a collodion process; -- familiarly called tintype.
Ferrous	Pertaining to, or derived from, iron; -- especially used of compounds of iron in which the iron has its lower valence; as, ferrous sulphate.
Ferruginated	Having the color or properties of the rust of iron.
Ferrugineous	Ferruginous.
Ferruginous	Partaking of iron; containing particles of iron.
Ferruginous	Resembling iron rust in appearance or color; brownish red, or yellowish red.
Ferrugo	A disease of plants caused by fungi, commonly called the rust, from its resemblance to iron rust in color.
Ferrule	A ring or cap of metal put round a cane, tool, handle, or other similar object, to strengthen it, or prevent splitting and wearing.
Ferrule	A bushing for expanding the end of a flue to fasten it tightly in the tube plate, or for partly filling up its mouth.
Ferruminate	To solder or unite, as metals.
Ferrumination	The soldering ir uniting of me/ als.
Ferried	of Ferry
Ferrying	of Ferry
Ferry	To carry or transport over a river, strait, or other narrow water, in a boat.
Ferry	To pass over water in a boat or by a ferry.
Ferries	of Ferry
Ferry	A place where persons or things are carried across a river, arm of the sea, etc., in a ferryboat.
Ferry	A vessel in which passengers and goods are conveyed over narrow waters; a ferryboat; a wherry.
Ferry	A franchise or right to maintain a vessel for carrying passengers and freight across a river, bay, etc., charging tolls.
Ferryboat	A vessel for conveying passengers, merchandise, etc., across streams and other narrow waters.
Ferrymen	of Ferryman
Ferryman	One who maintains or attends a ferry.
Fers	Fierce.
Ferthe	Fourth.
Fertile	Producing fruit or vegetation in abundance; fruitful; able to produce abundantly; prolific; fecund; productive; rich; inventive; as, fertile land or fields; a fertile mind or imagination.
Fertile	Capable of producing fruit; fruit-bearing; as, fertile flowers.
Fertile	Containing pollen; -- said of anthers.
Fertile	produced in abundance; plenteous; ample.
Fertilely	In a fertile or fruitful manner.
fertileness	Fertility.
Fertilitate	To fertilize; to fecundate.
Fertility	The state or quality of being fertile or fruitful; fruitfulness; productiveness; fecundity; richness; abundance of resources; fertile invention; quickness; readiness; as, the fertility of soil, or of imagination.
Fertilization	The act or process of rendering fertile.
Fertilization	The act of fecundating or impregnating animal or vegetable germs; esp., the process by which in flowers the pollen renders the ovule fertile, or an analogous process in flowerless plants; fecundation; impregnation.
Fertilized	of Fertilize
Fertilizing	of Fertilize
Fertilize	To make fertile or enrich; to supply with nourishment for plants; to make fruitful or productive; as, to fertilize land, soil, ground, and meadows.
Fertilize	To fecundate; as, to fertilize flower.
Fertilizer	One who fertilizes; the agent that carries the fertilizing principle, as a moth to an orchid.
Fertilizer	That which renders fertile; a general name for commercial manures, as guano, phosphate of lime, etc.
Ferula	A ferule.
Ferula	The imperial scepter in the Byzantine or Eastern Empire.
Ferulaceous	Pertaining to reeds and canes; having a stalk like a reed; as, ferulaceous plants.
Ferular	A ferule.
Ferule	A flat piece of wood, used for striking, children, esp. on the hand, in punishment.
Feruled	of Ferule
Feruling	of Ferule
Ferule	To punish with a ferule.
Ferulic	Pertaining to, or derived from, asafetida (Ferula asafoetida); as, ferulic acid.
Fervence	Heat; fervency.
Fervency	The state of being fervent or warm; ardor; warmth of feeling or devotion; eagerness.
Fervent	Hot; glowing; boiling; burning; as, a fervent summer.
Fervent	Warm in feeling; ardent in temperament; earnest; full of fervor; zealous; glowing.
Fervescent	Growing hot.
Fervid	Very hot; burning; boiling.
Fervid	Ardent; vehement; zealous.
Fervor	Heat; excessive warmth.
Fervor	Intensity of feeling or expression; glowing ardor; passion; holy zeal; earnestness.
Fescennine	Pertaining to, or resembling, the Fescennines.
Fescennine	A style of low, scurrilous, obscene poetry originating in fescennia.
Fescue	A straw, wire, stick, etc., used chiefly to point out letters to children when learning to read.
Fescue	An instrument for playing on the harp; a plectrum.
Fescue	The style of a dial.
Fescue	A grass of the genus Festuca.
Fescued	of Fescue
Fescuing	of Fescue
Fescue	To use a fescue, or teach with a fescue.
Fesels	See Phasel.
Fess	Alt. of Fesse
Fesse	A band drawn horizontally across the center of an escutcheon, and containing in breadth the third part of it; one of the nine honorable ordinaries.
Fessitude	Weariness.
Fesswise	In the manner of fess.
Fest	The fist.
Fest	Alt. of Feste
Feste	A feast.
Festal	Of or pertaining to a holiday or a feast; joyous; festive.
Festally	Joyously; festively; mirthfully.
Festennine	A fescennine.
Festered	of Fester
Festering	of Fester
Fester	To generate pus; to become imflamed and suppurate; as, a sore or a wound festers.
Fester	To be inflamed; to grow virulent, or malignant; to grow in intensity; to rankle.
Fester	To cause to fester or rankle.
Fester	A small sore which becomes inflamed and discharges corrupt matter; a pustule.
Fester	A festering or rankling.
Festerment	A festering.
Festeye	To feast; to entertain.
Festinate	Hasty; hurried.
Festination	Haste; hurry.
Festival	Pertaining to a fest; festive; festal; appropriate to a festival; joyous; mirthful.
Festi-val	A time of feasting or celebration; an anniversary day of joy, civil or religious.
Festive	Pertaining to, or becoming, a feast; festal; joyous; gay; mirthful; sportive.
Festivities	of Festivity
Festivity	The condition of being festive; social joy or exhilaration of spirits at an entertaintment; joyfulness; gayety.
Festivity	A festival; a festive celebration.
Festivous	Pertaining to a feast; festive.
Festlich	Festive; fond of festive occasions.
Festoon	A garland or wreath hanging in a depending curve, used in decoration for festivals, etc.; anything arranged in this way.
Festoon	A carved ornament consisting of flowers, and leaves, intermixed or twisted together, wound with a ribbon, and hanging or depending in a natural curve. See Illust. of Bucranium.
Festooned	of Festoon
Festooning	of Festoon
Festoon	To form in festoons, or to adorn with festoons.
Festoony	Pertaining to, consisting of, or resembling, festoons.
Festucine	Of a straw color; greenish yellow.
Festucous	Formed or consisting of straw.
Festue	A straw; a fescue.
Fet	A piece.
Fet	To fetch.
Fet	Fetched.
Fetal	Pertaining to, or connected with, a fetus; as, fetal circulation; fetal membranes.
Fetation	The formation of a fetus in the womb; pregnancy.
Fetched	of Fetch
Fetching	of Fetch
Fetch	To bear toward the person speaking, or the person or thing from whose point of view the action is contemplated; to go and bring; to get.
Fetch	To obtain as price or equivalent; to sell for.
Fetch	To recall from a swoon; to revive; -- sometimes with to; as, to fetch a man to.
Fetch	To reduce; to throw.
Fetch	To bring to accomplishment; to achieve; to make; to perform, with certain objects; as, to fetch a compass; to fetch a leap; to fetch a sigh.
Fetch	To bring or get within reach by going; to reach; to arrive at; to attain; to reach by sailing.
Fetch	To cause to come; to bring to a particular state.
fetch	To bring one's self; to make headway; to veer; as, to fetch about; to fetch to windward.
Fetch	A stratagem by which a thing is indirectly brought to pass, or by which one thing seems intended and another is done; a trick; an artifice.
Fetch	The apparation of a living person; a wraith.
Fethcer	One wo fetches or brings.
Fete	A feat.
Fete	Feet.
Fete	A festival.
Feted	of Fete
Feting	of Fete
Fete	To feast; to honor with a festival.
Fetich	Alt. of Fetish
Fetish	A material object supposed among certain African tribes to represent in such a way, or to be so connected with, a supernatural being, that the possession of it gives to the possessor power to control that being.
Fetish	Any object to which one is excessively devoted.
fetichism	Alt. of Fetishism
Fetishism	The doctrine or practice of belief in fetiches.
Fetishism	Excessive devotion to one object or one idea; abject superstition; blind adoration.
Fetichist	Alt. of Fetishist
Fetishist	A believer in fetiches.
Fetichistic	Alt. of Fetishistic
Fetishistic	Pertaining to, or involving, fetichism.
Feticide	The act of killing the fetus in the womb; the offense of procuring an abortion.
Feticism	See Fetichism.
Fetid	Having an offensive smell; stinking.
Fetidity	Fetidness.
Fetidness	The quality or state of being fetid.
Fetiferous	Producing young, as animals.
Fetis	Neat; pretty; well made; graceful.
Fetisely	Neatly; gracefully; properly.
Fetish	Alt. of Fetishistic
Fetishism	Alt. of Fetishistic
Fetishistic	See Fetich, n., Fetichism, n., Fetichistic, a.
Fetlock	The cushionlike projection, bearing a tuft of long hair, on the back side of the leg above the hoof of the horse and similar animals. Also, the joint of the limb at this point (between the great pastern bone and the metacarpus), or the tuft of hair.
Fetor	A strong, offensive smell; stench; fetidness.
Fette	of Fette
Fet	of Fette
Fette	To fetch.
fetters	of Fetter
Fetter	A chain or shackle for the feet; a chain by which an animal is confined by the foot, either made fast or disabled from free and rapid motion; a bond; a shackle.
Fetter	Anything that confines or restrains; a restraint.
Fetter	To put fetters upon; to shackle or confine the feet of with a chain; to bind.
Fetter	To restrain from motion; to impose restraints on; to confine; to enchain; as, fettered by obligations.
Fettered	Seeming as if fettered, as the feet of certain animals which bend backward, and appear unfit for walking.
Fetterer	One who fetters.
Fetterless	Free from fetters.
Fettle	To repair; to prepare; to put in order.
Fettle	To cover or line with a mixture of ore, cinders, etc., as the hearth of a puddling furnace.
Fettle	To make preparations; to put things in order; to do trifling business.
Fettle	The act of fettling.
Fettling	A mixture of ore, cinders, etc., used to line the hearth of a puddling furnace.
Fettling	The operation of shaving or smoothing the surface of undried clay ware.
Fetuous	Neat; feat.
Fetuses	of Fetus
Fetus	The young or embryo of an animal in the womb, or in the egg; often restricted to the later stages in the development of viviparous and oviparous animals, embryo being applied to the earlier stages.
Fetwah	A written decision of a Turkish mufti on some point of law.
Feu	A free and gratuitous right to lands made to one for service to be performed by him; a tenure where the vassal, in place of military services, makes a return in grain or in money.
Feuar	One who holds a feu.
Feud	A combination of kindred to avenge injuries or affronts, done or offered to any of their blood, on the offender and all his race.
Feud	A contention or quarrel; especially, an inveterate strife between families, clans, or parties; deadly hatred; contention satisfied only by bloodshed.
Feud	A stipendiary estate in land, held of superior, by service; the right which a vassal or tenant had to the lands or other immovable thing of his lord, to use the same and take the profists thereof hereditarily, rendering to his superior such duties and services as belong to military tenure, etc., the property of the soil always remaining in the lord or superior; a fief; a fee.
Feudal	Of or pertaining to feuds, fiefs, or feels; as, feudal rights or services; feudal tenures.
Feudal	Consisting of, or founded upon, feuds or fiefs; embracing tenures by military services; as, the feudal system.
Feudalism	The feudal system; a system by which the holding of estates in land is made dependent upon an obligation to render military service to the kind or feudal superior; feudal principles and usages.
Feudalist	An upholder of feudalism.
Feudality	The state or quality of being feudal; feudal form or constitution.
Fedaliza/tion	The act of reducing to feudal tenure.
Feudalized	of Feudalize
Feudalizing	of Feudalize
Feudalize	To reduce toa feudal tenure; to conform to feudalism.
Feudally	In a feudal manner.
Feudary	Held by, or pertaining to, feudal tenure.
Feudary	A tenant who holds his lands by feudal service; a feudatory.
Feudary	A feodary. See Feodary.
Feudataty	See Feudatory.
Feudatories	of Feudatory
Feudatory	A tenant or vassal who held his lands of a superior on condition of feudal service; the tenant of a feud or fief.
Feudtory	Held from another on some conditional tenure; as, a feudatory title.
Feu de joie	A fire kindled in a public place in token of joy; a bonfire; a firing of guns in token of joy.
Feudist	A writer on feuds; a person versed in feudal law.
Feuillants	A reformed branch of the Bernardines, founded in 1577 at Feuillans, near Toulouse, in France.
Feuillemort	Having the color of a faded leaf.
Feuilleton	A part of a French newspaper (usually the bottom of the page), devoted to light literature, criticism, etc.; also, the article or tale itself, thus printed.
Feuilltonist	A writer of feuilletons.
feuter	To set close; to fix in rest, as a spear.
Feuterer	A dog keeper.
Fever	A diseased state of the system, marked by increased heat, acceleration of the pulse, and a general derangement of the functions, including usually, thirst and loss of appetite.  Many diseases, of which fever is the most prominent symptom, are denominated fevers; as, typhoid fever; yellow fever.
Fever	Excessive excitement of the passions in consequence of strong emotion; a condition of great excitement; as, this quarrel has set my blood in a fever.
Fevered	of Fever
Fevering	of Fever
Fever	To put into a fever; to affect with fever; as, a fevered lip.
Feveret	A slight fever.
Feverfew	A perennial plant (Pyrethrum, / Chrysanthemum, Parthenium) allied to camomile, having finely divided leaves and white blossoms; -- so named from its supposed febrifugal qualities.
Feverish	Having a fever; suffering from, or affected with, a moderate degree of fever; showing increased heat and thirst; as, the patient is feverish.
Feverish	Indicating, or pertaining to, fever; characteristic of a fever; as, feverish symptoms.
Feverish	Hot; sultry.
Feverish	Disordered as by fever; excited; restless; as, the feverish condition of the commercial world.
Feverous	Affected with fever or ague; feverish.
Feverous	Pertaining to, or having the nature of, fever; as, a feverous pulse.
Feverous	Having the tendency to produce fever; as, a feverous disposition of the year.
Feverously	Feverishly.
Feverwort	See Fever root, under Fever.
Fevery	Feverish.
Few	Not many; small, limited, or confined in number; -- indicating a small portion of units or individuals constituing a whole; often, by ellipsis of a noun, a few people.
Fewel	Fuel.
Fewmet	See Fumet.
Fewness	The state of being few; smallness of number; paucity.
Fewness	Brevity; conciseness.
Fey	Fated; doomed.
Fey	Faith.
Fey	To cleanse; to clean out.
Feyne	To feign.
Feyre	A fair or market.
Fez	A felt or cloth cap, usually red and having a tassel, -- a variety of the tarboosh. See Tarboosh.
Fiacre	A kind of French hackney coach.
Fiance	To betroth; to affiance.
Fiance	A betrothed man.
Fiancee	A betrothed woman.
Fiants	The dung of the fox, wolf, boar, or badger.
Fiar	One in whom the property of an estate is vested, subject to the estate of a life renter.
Fiar	The price of grain, as legally fixed, in the counties of Scotland, for the current year.
Fiascoes	of Fiasco
Fiasco	A complete or ridiculous failure, esp. of a musical performance, or of any pretentious undertaking.
Fiat	An authoritative command or order to do something; an effectual decree.
Fiat	A warrant of a judge for certain processes.
Fiat	An authority for certain proceedings given by the Lord Chancellor's signature.
Fiaunt	Commission; fiat; order; decree.
Fib	A falsehood; a lie; -- used euphemistically.
Fibbed	of Fib
Fibbing	of Fib
Fib	To speak falsely.
Fib	To tell a fib to.
Fibber	One who tells fibs.
Fiber	Alt. of Fibre
Fibre	One of the delicate, threadlike portions of which the tissues of plants and animals are in part constituted; as, the fiber of flax or of muscle.
Fibre	Any fine, slender thread, or threadlike substance; as, a fiber of spun glass; especially, one of the slender rootlets of a plant.
Fibre	Sinew; strength; toughness; as, a man of real fiber.
Fibre	A general name for the raw material, such as cotton, flax, hemp, etc., used in textile manufactures.
Fibered	Alt. of Fibred
Fibred	Having fibers; made up of fibers.
Fiber-faced	Alt. of Fibre-faced
Fibre-faced	Having a visible fiber embodied in the surface of; -- applied esp. to a kind of paper for checks, drafts, etc.
Fiberless	Alt. of Fibreless
Fibreless	Having no fibers; destitute of fibers or fiber.
Fibriform	Having the form of a fiber or fibers; resembling a fiber.
Fibril	A small fiber; the branch of a fiber; a very slender thread; a fibrilla.
FibrillAe	of Fibrilla
Fibrilla	A minute thread of fiber, as one of the fibrous elements of a muscular fiber; a fibril.
Fibrillar	Of or pertaining to fibrils or fibers; as, fibrillar twitchings.
Fibrillary	Of of pertaining to fibrils.
Fibrillated	Furnished with fibrils; fringed.
Fibrillation	The state of being reduced to fibers.
Fibrillose	Covered with hairlike appendages, as the under surface of some lichens; also, composed of little strings or fibers; as, fibrillose appendages.
Fibrillous	Pertaining to, or composed of, fibers.
Fibrin	A white, albuminous, fibrous substance, formed in the coagulation of the blood either by decomposition of fibrinogen, or from the union of fibrinogen and paraglobulin which exist separately in the blood. It is insoluble in water, but is readily digestible in gastric and pancreatic juice.
Fibrin	The white, albuminous mass remaining after washing lean beef or other meat with water until all coloring matter is removed; the fibrous portion of the muscle tissue; flesh fibrin.
Fibrin	An albuminous body, resembling animal fibrin in composition, found in cereal grains and similar seeds; vegetable fibrin.
Fibrination	The state of acquiring or having an excess of fibrin.
Fibrine	Belonging to the fibers of plants.
Fibrinogen	An albuminous substance existing in the blood, and in other animal fluids, which either alone or with fibrinoplastin or paraglobulin forms fibrin, and thus causes coagulation.
Fibrinogenous	Possessed of properties similar to fibrinogen; capable of forming fibrin.
Fibrinoplastic	Like fibrinoplastin; capable of forming fibrin when brought in contact with fibrinogen.
Fibrinoplastin	An albuminous substance, existing in the blood, which in combination with fibrinogen forms fibrin; -- called also paraglobulin.
Fibrinous	Having, or partaking of the properties of, fibrin; as, fibrious exudation.
Fibrocartilage	A kind of cartilage with a fibrous matrix and approaching fibrous connective tissue in structure.
Fibrochondrosteal	Partly fibrous, partly cartilaginous, and partly osseous.
Fibroid	Resembling or forming fibrous tissue; made up of fibers; as, fibroid tumors.
Fibroid	A fibroid tumor; a fibroma.
Fibroin	A variety of gelatin; the chief ingredient of raw silk, extracted as a white amorphous mass.
Fibrolite	A silicate of alumina, of fibrous or columnar structure. It is like andalusite in composition; -- called also sillimanite, and bucholizite.
Fibroma	A tumor consisting mainly of fibrous tissue, or of same modification of such tissue.
Fibrospongiae	An order of sponges having a fibrous skeleton, including the commercial sponges.
Fibrous	Containing, or consisting of, fibers; as, the fibrous coat of the cocoanut; the fibrous roots of grasses.
Fibrovascular	Containing woody fiber and ducts, as the stems of all flowering plants and ferns; -- opposed to cellular.
Fibster	One who tells fibs.
FibulAe	of Fibula
Fibula	A brooch, clasp, or buckle.
Fibula	The outer and usually the smaller of the two bones of the leg, or hind limb, below the knee.
Fibula	A needle for sewing up wounds.
Fibu-lar	Pertaining to the fibula.
Fibularia	of Fibulare
Fibulare	The bone or cartilage of the tarsus, which articulates with the fibula, and corresponds to the calcaneum in man and most mammals.
Fice	A small dog; -- written also fise, fyce, fiste, etc.
Fiche	See FitchE.
Ficttelite	A white crystallized mineral resin from the Fichtelgebirge, Bavaria.
Fichu	A light cape, usually of lace, worn by women, to cover the neck and throat, and extending to the shoulders.
Fickle	Not fixed or firm; liable to change; unstable; of a changeable mind; not firm in opinion or purpose; inconstant; capricious; as, Fortune's fickle wheel.
Fickleness	The quality of being fickle; instability; inconsonancy.
Fickly	In a fickle manner.
Ficoes	of Fico
Fico	A fig; an insignificant trifle, no more than the snap of one's thumb; a sign of contempt made by the fingers, expressing. A fig for you.
Fictile	Molded, or capable of being molded, into form by art; relating to pottery or to molding in any soft material.
Fiction	The act of feigning, inventing, or imagining; as, by a mere fiction of the mind.
Fiction	That which is feigned, invented, or imagined; especially, a feigned or invented story, whether oral or written. Hence: A story told in order to deceive; a fabrication; -- opposed to fact, or reality.
Fiction	Fictitious literature; comprehensively, all works of imagination; specifically, novels and romances.
Fiction	An assumption of a possible thing as a fact, irrespective of the question of its truth.
Fiction	Any like assumption made for convenience, as for passing more rapidly over what is not disputed, and arriving at points really at issue.
Fictional	Pertaining to, or characterized by, fiction; fictitious; romantic.
Fictionist	A writer of fiction.
Fictious	Fictitious.
Fictitious	Feigned; imaginary; not real; fabulous; counterfeit; false; not genuine; as, fictitious fame.
Fictive	Feigned; counterfeit.
Fictor	An artist who models or forms statues and reliefs in any plastic material.
Ficus	A genus of trees or shrubs, one species of which (F. Carica) produces the figs of commerce; the fig tree.
Fid	A square bar of wood or iron, used to support the topmast, being passed through a hole or mortise at its heel, and resting on the trestle trees.
Fid	A wooden or metal bar or pin, used to support or steady anything.
Fid	A pin of hard wood, tapering to a point, used to open the strands of a rope in splicing.
Fid	A block of wood used in mounting and dismounting heavy guns.
Fidalgo	The lowest title of nobility in Portugal, corresponding to that of Hidalgo in Spain.
Fiddle	A stringed instrument of music played with a bow; a violin; a kit.
Fiddle	A kind of dock (Rumex pulcher) with fiddle-shaped leaves; -- called also fiddle dock.
Fiddle	A rack or frame of bars connected by strings, to keep table furniture in place on the cabin table in bad weather.
Fiddled	of Fiddle
Fiddling	of Fiddle
Fiddle	To play on a fiddle.
Fiddle	To keep the hands and fingers actively moving as a fiddler does; to move the hands and fingers restlessy or in busy idleness; to trifle.
Fiddle	To play (a tune) on a fiddle.
Fiddledeedee	An exclamatory word or phrase, equivalent to nonsense!
Foddle-faddle	A trifle; trifling talk; nonsense.
Fiddle-faddle	To talk nonsense.
Fiddler	One who plays on a fiddle or violin.
Fiddler	A burrowing crab of the genus Gelasimus, of many species. The male has one claw very much enlarged, and often holds it in a position similar to that in which a musician holds a fiddle, hence the name; -- called also calling crab, soldier crab, and fighting crab.
Fiddler	The common European sandpiper (Tringoides hypoleucus); -- so called because it continually oscillates its body.
Fiddle-shaped	Inversely ovate, with a deep hollow on each side.
Fiddlestick	The bow, strung with horsehair, used in playing the fiddle; a fiddle bow.
Fiddlestring	One of the catgut strings of a fiddle.
Fiddlewood	The wood of several West Indian trees, mostly of the genus Citharexylum.
Fidejussion	The act or state of being bound as surety for another; suretyship.
Fidejussor	A surety; one bound for another, conjointly with him; a guarantor.
Fidelity	Faithfulness; adherence to right; careful and exact observance of duty, or discharge of obligations.
Fidelity	Adherence to a person or party to which one is bound; loyalty.
Fidelity	Adherence to the marriage contract.
Fidelity	Adherence to truth; veracity; honesty.
Fides	Faith personified as a goddess; the goddess of faith.
Fidge	See Fidget.
Fidgeted	of Fidget
Fodgeting	of Fidget
Fidget	To move uneasily one way and the other; to move irregularly, or by fits and starts.
Fidget	Uneasiness; restlessness.
Fidget	A general nervous restlessness, manifested by incessant changes of position; dysphoria.
Fidgetiness	Quality of being fidgety.
Fidgety	Restless; uneasy.
Fidia	A genus of small beetles, of which one species (the grapevine Fidia, F. longipes) is very injurious to vines in America.
Fidicinal	Of or pertaining to a stringed instrument.
Fiducial	Having faith or trust; confident; undoubting; firm.
Fiducial	Having the nature of a trust; fiduciary; as, fiducial power.
Fiducially	With confidence.
Fidiciary	Involving confidence or trust; confident; undoubting; faithful; firm; as, in a fiduciary capacity.
Fidiciary	Holding, held, or founded, in trust.
Fiduciary	One who holds a thing in trust for another; a trustee.
Fiduciary	One who depends for salvation on faith, without works; an Antinomian.
Fie	An exclamation denoting contempt or dislike. See Fy.
Fief	An estate held of a superior on condition of military service; a fee; a feud. See under Benefice, n., 2.
Field	Cleared land; land suitable for tillage or pasture; cultivated ground; the open country.
Field	A piece of land of considerable size; esp., a piece inclosed for tillage or pasture.
Field	A place where a battle is fought; also, the battle itself.
Field	An open space; an extent; an expanse.
Field	Any blank space or ground on which figures are drawn or projected.
Field	The space covered by an optical instrument at one view.
Field	The whole surface of an escutcheon; also, so much of it is shown unconcealed by the different bearings upon it. See Illust. of Fess, where the field is represented as gules (red), while the fess is argent (silver).
Field	An unresticted or favorable opportunity for action, operation, or achievement; province; room.
Field	A collective term for all the competitors in any outdoor contest or trial, or for all except the favorites in the betting.
Field	That part of the grounds reserved for the players which is outside of the diamond; -- called also outfield.
Fielded	of Field
Fielding	of Field
Field	To take the field.
Field	To stand out in the field, ready to catch, stop, or throw the ball.
Field	To catch, stop, throw, etc. (the ball), as a fielder.
Fielded	Engaged in the field; encamped.
Fielden	Consisting of fields.
Fielder	A ball payer who stands out in the field to catch or stop balls.
Fieldfare	a small thrush (Turdus pilaris) which breeds in northern Europe and winters in Great Britain. The head, nape, and lower part of the back are ash-colored; the upper part of the back and wing coverts, chestnut; -- called also fellfare.
Fielding	The act of playing as a fielder.
Fieldpiece	A cannon mounted on wheels, for the use of a marching army; a piece of field artillery; -- called also field gun.
Fieldwork	Any temporary fortification thrown up by an army in the field; -- commonly in the plural.
Fieldy	Open, like a field.
Fiend	An implacable or malicious foe; one who is diabolically wicked or cruel; an infernal being; -- applied specifically to the devil or a demon.
Fiendful	Full of fiendish spirit or arts.
Fiendish	Like a fiend; diabolically wicked or cruel; infernal; malignant; devilish; hellish.
Fiendlike	Fiendish; diabolical.
Fiendly	Fiendlike; monstrous; devilish.
Fierasfer	A genus of small, slender fishes, remarkable for their habit of living as commensals in other animals. One species inhabits the gill cavity of the pearl oyster near Panama; another lives within an East Indian holothurian.
Fierce	Furious; violent; unrestrained; impetuous; as, a fierce wind.
Fierce	Vehement in anger or cruelty; ready or eager to kill or injure; of a nature to inspire terror; ferocious.
Fierce	Excessively earnest, eager, or ardent.
Fieri facias	A judicial writ that lies for one who has recovered in debt or damages, commanding the sheriff that he cause to be made of the goods, chattels, or real estate of the defendant, the sum claimed.
Fieriness	The quality of being fiery; heat; acrimony; irritability; as, a fieriness of temper.
Fiery	Consisting of, containing, or resembling, fire; as, the fiery gulf of Etna; a fiery appearance.
Fiery	Vehement; ardent; very active; impetuous.
Fiery	Passionate; easily provoked; irritable.
Fiery	Unrestrained; fierce; mettlesome; spirited.
Fiery	heated by fire, or as if by fire; burning hot; parched; feverish.
Fife	A small shrill pipe, resembling the piccolo flute, used chiefly to accompany the drum in military music.
Fifed	of Fife
fifing	of Fife
Fife	To play on a fife.
Fifer	One who plays on a fife.
Fifteen	Five and ten; one more than fourteen.
Fifteen	The sum of five and ten; fifteen units or objects.
Fifteen	A symbol representing fifteen units, as 15, or xv.
Fifteenth	Next in order after the fourteenth; -- the ordinal of fifteen.
Fifteenth	Consisting of one of fifteen equal parts or divisions of a thing.
Fifteenth	One of fifteen equal parts or divisions; the quotient of a unit divided by fifteen.
Fifteenth	A species of tax upon personal property formerly laid on towns, boroughs, etc., in England, being one fifteenth part of what the personal property in each town, etc., had been valued at.
Fifteenth	A stop in an organ tuned two octaves above the diaposon.
Fifteenth	An interval consisting of two octaves.
Fifth	Next in order after the fourth; -- the ordinal of five.
Fifth	Consisting of one of five equal divisions of a thing.
Fifth	The quotient of a unit divided by five; one of five equal parts; a fifth part.
Fifth	The interval of three tones and a semitone, embracing five diatonic degrees of the scale; the dominant of any key.
Fifthly	In the fifth place; as the fifth in order.
Fiftieth	Next in order after the forty-ninth; -- the ordinal of fifty.
Fiftieth	Consisting of one of fifty equal parts or divisions.
Fiftieth	One of fifty equal parts; the quotient of a unit divided by fifty.
Fifty	Five times ten; as, fifty men.
Fifties	of Fifty
Fifty	The sum of five tens; fifty units or objects.
Fifty	A symbol representing fifty units, as 50, or l.
Fig	A small fruit tree (Ficus Carica) with large leaves, known from the remotest antiquity. It was probably native from Syria westward to the Canary Islands.
Fig	The fruit of a fig tree, which is of round or oblong shape, and of various colors.
Fig	A small piece of tobacco.
Fig	The value of a fig, practically nothing; a fico; -- used in scorn or contempt.
Fig	To insult with a fico, or contemptuous motion. See Fico.
Fig	To put into the head of, as something useless o/ contemptible.
Fig	Figure; dress; array.
Figaro	An adroit and unscrupulous intriguer.
Figary	A frolic; a vagary; a whim.
Figeater	A large beetle (Allorhina nitida) which in the Southern United States destroys figs.  The elytra are velvety green with pale borders.
Figeater	A bird. See Figpecker.
Figent	Fidgety; restless.
Figgum	A juggler's trick; conjuring.
Fought	of Fight
Fighting	of Fight
Fight	To strive or contend for victory, with armies or in single combat; to attempt to defeat, subdue, or destroy an enemy, either by blows or weapons; to contend in arms; -- followed by with or against.
Fight	To act in opposition to anything; to struggle against; to contend; to strive; to make resistance.
Fight	To carry on, or wage, as a conflict, or battle; to win or gain by struggle, as one's way; to sustain by fighting, as a cause.
Fight	To contend with in battle; to war against; as, they fought the enemy in two pitched battles; the sloop fought the frigate for three hours.
Fight	To cause to fight; to manage or maneuver in a fight; as, to fight cocks; to fight one's ship.
Fight	A battle; an engagement; a contest in arms; a combat; a violent conflict or struggle for victory, between individuals or between armies, ships, or navies, etc.
Fight	A struggle or contest of any kind.
Fight	Strength or disposition for fighting; pugnacity; as, he has a great deal of fight in him.
Fight	A screen for the combatants in ships.
Fighter	One who fights; a combatant; a warrior.
Fighting	Qualified for war; fit for battle.
Fighting	Occupied in war; being the scene of a battle; as, a fighting field.
Fightingly	Pugnaciously.
Fightwite	A mulct or fine imposed on a person for making a fight or quarrel to the disturbance of the peace.
Figment	An invention; a fiction; something feigned or imagined.
Pigpecker	The European garden warbler (Sylvia, / Currica, hortensis); -- called also beccafico and greater pettychaps.
Fig-shell	A marine univalve shell of the genus Pyrula, or Ficula, resembling a fig in form.
Figulate	Alt. of Figulated
Figulated	Made of potter's clay; molded; shaped.
Figuline	A piece of pottery ornamented with representations of natural objects.
Figurability	The quality of being figurable.
Figurable	Capable of being brought to a fixed form or shape.
Figural	Represented by figure or delineation; consisting of figures; as, figural ornaments.
Figural	Figurate. See Figurate.
Figurant	One who dances at the opera, not singly, but in groups or figures; an accessory character on the stage, who figures in its scenes, but has nothing to say; hence, one who figures in any scene, without taking a prominent part.
Figurante	A female figurant; esp., a ballet girl.
Figurate	Of a definite form or figure.
Figurate	Figurative; metaphorical.
Figurate	Florid; figurative; involving passing discords by the freer melodic movement of one or more parts or voices in the harmony; as, figurate counterpoint or descant.
Figurated	Having a determinate form.
Figurately	In a figurate manner.
Figuration	The act of giving figure or determinate form; determination to a certain form.
Figuration	Mixture of concords and discords.
Figurative	Representing by a figure, or by resemblance; typical; representative.
Figurative	Used in a sense that is tropical, as a metaphor; not literal; -- applied to words and expressions.
Figurative	Abounding in figures of speech; flowery; florid; as, a highly figurative description.
Figurative	Relating to the representation of form or figure by drawing, carving, etc. See Figure, n., 2.
Figure	The form of anything; shape; outline; appearance.
Figure	The representation of any form, as by drawing, painting, modeling, carving, embroidering, etc.; especially, a representation of the human body; as, a figure in bronze; a figure cut in marble.
Figure	A pattern in cloth, paper, or other manufactured article; a design wrought out in a fabric; as, the muslin was of a pretty figure.
Figure	A diagram or drawing; made to represent a magnitude or the relation of two or more magnitudes; a surface or space inclosed on all sides; -- called superficial when inclosed by lines, and solid when inclosed by surface; any arrangement made up of points, lines, angles, surfaces, etc.
Figure	The appearance or impression made by the conduct or carrer of a person; as, a sorry figure.
Figure	Distinguished appearance; magnificence; conspicuous representation; splendor; show.
Figure	A character or symbol representing a number; a numeral; a digit; as, 1, 2,3, etc.
Figure	Value, as expressed in numbers; price; as, the goods are estimated or sold at a low figure.
Figure	A person, thing, or action, conceived of as analogous to another person, thing, or action, of which it thus becomes a type or representative.
Figure	A mode of expressing abstract or immaterial ideas by words which suggest pictures or images from the physical world; pictorial language; a trope; hence, any deviation from the plainest form of statement.
Figure	The form of a syllogism with respect to the relative position of the middle term.
Figure	Any one of the several regular steps or movements made by a dancer.
Figure	A horoscope; the diagram of the aspects of the astrological houses.
Figure	Any short succession of notes, either as melody or as a group of chords, which produce a single complete and distinct impression.
Figure	A form of melody or accompaniment kept up through a strain or passage; a musical or motive; a florid embellishment.
Figured	of Figure
Figuring	of Figure
Figure	To represent by a figure, as to form or mold; to make an image of, either palpable or ideal; also, to fashion into a determinate form; to shape.
Figure	To embellish with design; to adorn with figures.
Figure	To indicate by numerals; also, to compute.
Figure	To represent by a metaphor; to signify or symbolize.
Figure	To prefigure; to foreshow.
Figure	To write over or under the bass, as figures or other characters, in order to indicate the accompanying chords.
Figure	To embellish.
Figure	To make a figure; to be distinguished or conspicious; as, the envoy figured at court.
Figure	To calculate; to contrive; to scheme; as, he is figuring to secure the nomination.
Figured	Adorned with figures; marked with figures; as, figured muslin.
Figured	Not literal; figurative.
Figured	Free and florid; as, a figured descant. See Figurate, 3.
Figured	Indicated or noted by figures.
Figurehead	The figure, statue, or bust, on the prow of a ship.
Figurehead	A person who allows his name to be used to give standing to enterprises in which he has no responsible interest or duties; a nominal, but not real, head or chief.
Figurial	Represented by figure or delineation.
Figurine	A very small figure, whether human or of an animal; especially, one in terra cotta or the like; -- distinguished from statuette, which is applied to small figures in bronze, marble, etc.
Figurist	One who uses or interprets figurative expressions.
Figwort	A genus of herbaceous plants (Scrophularia), mostly found in the north temperate zones. See Brownwort.
Fijian	Of or pertaining to the Fiji islands or their inhabitants.
Fijian	A native of the Fiji islands.
Fike	See Fyke.
Fil	imp. of Fall, v. i. Fell.
Filaceous	Composed of threads.
Filacer	A former officer in the English Court of Common Pleas; -- so called because he filed the writs on which he made out process.
Filament	A thread or threadlike object or appendage; a fiber; esp. (Bot.), the threadlike part of the stamen supporting the anther.
Filamentary	Having the character of, or formed by, a filament.
Filametoid	Like a filament.
Filamentous	Like a thread; consisting of threads or filaments.
Filander	A species of kangaroo (Macropus Brunii), inhabiting New Guinea.
Filanders	A disease in hawks, characterized by the presence of small threadlike worms, also of filaments of coagulated blood, from the rupture of a vein; -- called also backworm.
Filar	Of or pertaining to a thread or line; characterized by threads stretched across the field of view; as, a filar microscope; a filar micrometer.
Filaria	A genus of slender, nematode worms of many species, parasitic in various animals. See Guinea worm.
Filatory	A machine for forming threads.
Filature	A drawing out into threads; hence, the reeling of silk from cocoons.
Filature	A reel for drawing off silk from cocoons; also, an establishment for reeling silk.
Filbert	The fruit of the Corylus Avellana or hazel. It is an oval nut, containing a kernel that has a mild, farinaceous, oily taste, agreeable to the palate.
Filched	of Filch
Filching	of Filch
Filch	To steal or take privily (commonly, that which is of little value); to pilfer.
Filcher	One who filches; a thief.
Filchingly	By pilfering or petty stealing.
File	An orderly succession; a line; a row
File	A row of soldiers ranged one behind another; -- in contradistinction to rank, which designates a row of soldiers standing abreast; a number consisting the depth of a body of troops, which, in the ordinary modern formation, consists of two men, the battalion standing two deep, or in two ranks.
File	An orderly collection of papers, arranged in sequence or classified for preservation and reference; as, files of letters or of newspapers; this mail brings English files to the 15th instant.
File	The line, wire, or other contrivance, by which papers are put and kept in order.
File	A roll or list.
File	Course of thought; thread of narration.
Filed	of File
Filing	of File
File	To set in order; to arrange, or lay away, esp. as papers in a methodical manner for preservation and reverence; to place on file; to insert in its proper place in an arranged body of papers.
File	To bring before a court or legislative body by presenting proper papers in a regular way; as, to file a petition or bill.
File	To put upon the files or among the records of a court; to note on (a paper) the fact date of its reception in court.
File	To march in a file or line, as soldiers, not abreast, but one after another; -- generally with off.
File	A steel instrument, having cutting ridges or teeth, made by indentation with a chisel, used for abrading or smoothing other substances, as metals, wood, etc.
File	Anything employed to smooth, polish, or rasp, literally or figuratively.
File	A shrewd or artful person.
File	To rub, smooth, or cut away, with a file; to sharpen with a file; as, to file a saw or a tooth.
File	To smooth or polish as with a file.
File	To make foul; to defile.
Filefish	Any plectognath fish of the genera Monacanthus, Alutera, balistes, and allied genera; -- so called on account of the roughly granulated skin, which is sometimes used in place of sandpaper.
Filemot	See Feullemort.
Filer	One who works with a file.
Filial	Of or pertaining to a son or daughter; becoming to a child in relation to his parents; as, filial obedience.
Filial	Bearing the relation of a child.
Filially	In a filial manner.
Filiate	To adopt as son or daughter; to establish filiation between.
Filiation	The relationship of a son or child to a parent, esp. to a father.
Filiation	The assignment of a bastard child to some one as its father; affiliation.
Filibeg	Same as Kilt.
Filibuster	A lawless military adventurer, especially one in quest of plunder; a freebooter; -- originally applied to buccaneers infesting the Spanish American coasts, but introduced into common English to designate the followers of Lopez in his expedition to Cuba in 1851, and those of Walker in his expedition to Nicaragua, in 1855.
Fillibustered	of Filibuster
Filibustering	of Filibuster
Filibuster	To act as a filibuster, or military freebooter.
Filibuster	To delay legislation, by dilatory motions or other artifices.
Filibusterism	The characteristics or practices of a filibuster.
Filical	Belonging to the Filices, r ferns.
Filicic	Pertaining to, or derived from, ferns; as, filicic acid.
Filicide	The act of murdering a son or a daughter; also, parent who commits such a murder.
Filiciform	Shaped like a fern or like the parts of a fern leaf.
Filicoid	Fernlike, either in form or in the nature of the method of reproduction.
Filicoid	A fernlike plant.
Filiety	The relation of a son to a father; sonship; -- the correlative of paternity.
Filiferous	Producing threads.
Filiform	Having the shape of a thread or filament; as, the filiform papillae of the tongue; a filiform style or peduncle.  See Illust. of AntennAe.
Filigrain	Alt. of Filigrane
Filigrane	Filigree.
Filigraned	See Filigreed.
Filigree	Ornamental work, formerly with grains or breads, but now composed of fine wire and used chiefly in decorating gold and silver to which the wire is soldered, being arranged in designs frequently of a delicate and intricate arabesque pattern.
Filigree	Relating to, composed of, or resembling, work in filigree; as, a filigree basket. Hence: Fanciful; unsubstantial; merely decorative.
Filigreed	Adorned with filigree.
Filing	A fragment or particle rubbed off by the act of filing; as, iron filings.
Filipendulous	Suspended by, or strung upon, a thread; -- said of tuberous swellings in the middle or at the extremities of slender, threadlike rootlets.
Fill	One of the thills or shafts of a carriage.
Filled	of Fill
Filling	of Fill
Fill	To make full; to supply with as much as can be held or contained; to put or pour into, till no more can be received; to occupy the whole capacity of.
Fill	To furnish an abudant supply to; to furnish with as mush as is desired or desirable; to occupy the whole of; to swarm in or overrun.
Fill	To fill or supply fully with food; to feed; to satisfy.
Fill	To possess and perform the duties of; to officiate in, as an incumbent; to occupy; to hold; as, a king fills a throne; the president fills the office of chief magistrate; the speaker of the House fills the chair.
Fill	To supply with an incumbent; as, to fill an office or a vacancy.
Fill	To press and dilate, as a sail; as, the wind filled the sails.
Fill	To trim (a yard) so that the wind shall blow on the after side of the sails.
Fill	To make an embankment in, or raise the level of (a low place), with earth or gravel.
Fill	To become full; to have the whole capacity occupied; to have an abundant supply; to be satiated; as, corn fills well in a warm season; the sail fills with the wind.
Fill	To fill a cup or glass for drinking.
Fill	A full supply, as much as supplies want; as much as gives complete satisfaction.
Filler	One who, or that which, fills; something used for filling.
Filler	A thill horse.
Fillet	A little band, especially one intended to encircle the hair of the head.
Fillet	A piece of lean meat without bone; sometimes, a long strip rolled together and tied.
Fillet	A thin strip or ribbon; esp.: (a) A strip of metal from which coins are punched. (b) A strip of card clothing. (c) A thin projecting band or strip.
Fillet	A concave filling in of a reentrant angle where two surfaces meet, forming a rounded corner.
Fillet	A narrow flat member; especially, a flat molding separating other moldings; a reglet; also, the space between two flutings in a shaft. See Illust. of Base, and Column.
Fillet	An ordinary equaling in breadth one fourth of the chief, to the lowest portion of which it corresponds in position.
Fillet	The thread of a screw.
Fillet	A border of broad or narrow lines of color or gilt.
Fillet	The raised molding about the muzzle of a gun.
Fillet	Any scantling smaller than a batten.
Fillet	A fascia; a band of fibers; applied esp. to certain bands of white matter in the brain.
Fillet	The loins of a horse, beginning at the place where the hinder part of the saddle rests.
Filleted	of Fillet
Filleting	of Fillet
Fillet	To bind, furnish, or adorn with a fillet.
Filleting	The protecting of a joint, as between roof and parapet wall, with mortar, or cement, where flashing is employed in better work.
Filleting	The material of which fillets are made; also, fillets, collectively.
Fillibeg	A kilt. See Filibeg.
Fillibuster	See Filibuster.
Filling	That which is used to fill a cavity or any empty space, or to supply a deficiency; as, filling for a cavity in a tooth, a depression in a roadbed, the space between exterior and interior walls of masonry, the pores of open-grained wood, the space between the outer and inner planks of a vessel, etc.
Filling	The woof in woven fabrics.
Filling	Prepared wort added to ale to cleanse it.
Filliped	of Fillip
Filliping	of Fillip
Fillip	To strike with the nail of the finger, first placed against the ball of the thumb, and forced from that position with a sudden spring; to snap with the finger.
Fillip	To snap; to project quickly.
Fillip	A jerk of the finger forced suddenly from the thumb; a smart blow.
Fillip	Something serving to rouse or excite.
Fillipeen	See Philopena.
Fillister	The rabbet on the outer edge of a sash bar to hold the glass and the putty.
Fillister	A plane for making a rabbet.
Fillies	of Filly
Filly	A female foal or colt; a young mare.  Cf. Colt, Foal.
Filly	A lively, spirited young girl.
Film	A thin skin; a pellicle; a membranous covering, causing opacity; hence, any thin, slight covering.
Film	A slender thread, as that of a cobweb.
Film	To cover with a thin skin or pellicle.
Filminess	State of being filmy.
Filmy	Composed of film or films.
Filoplumaceous	Having the structure of a filoplume.
Filoplume	A hairlike feather; a father with a slender scape and without a web in most or all of its length.
Filose	Terminating in a threadlike process.
Filter	Any porous substance, as cloth, paper, sand, or charcoal, through which water or other liquid may passed to cleanse it from the solid or impure matter held in suspension; a chamber or device containing such substance; a strainer; also, a similar device for purifying air.
Filtered	of Filter
Filtering	of Filter
Filter	To purify or defecate, as water or other liquid, by causing it to pass through a filter.
Filter	To pass through a filter; to percolate.
Filter	Same as Philter.
Filth	Foul matter; anything that soils or defiles; dirt; nastiness.
Filth	Anything that sullies or defiles the moral character; corruption; pollution.
Filthily	In a filthy manner; foully.
Filthiness	The state of being filthy.
Filthiness	That which is filthy, or makes filthy; foulness; nastiness; corruption; pollution; impurity.
Filthy	Defiled with filth, whether material or moral; nasty; dirty; polluted; foul; impure; obscene.
Filtrated	of Filtrate
Filtrating	of Filtrate
Filtrate	To filter; to defecate; as liquid, by straining or percolation.
Filtrate	That which has been filtered; the liquid which has passed through the filter in the process of filtration.
Filtration	The act or process of filtering; the mechanical separation of a liquid from the undissolved particles floating in it.
Finble	Alt. of Fimble hemp
Fimble hemp	Light summer hemp, that bears no seed.
Fimbriae	of Fimbria
Fimbria	A fringe, or fringed border.
Fimbria	A band of white matter bordering the hippocampus in the brain.
Fimbriate	Having the edge or extremity bordered by filiform processes thicker than hairs; fringed; as, the fimbriate petals of the pink; the fimbriate end of the Fallopian tube.
Fimbriated	of Fimbriate
Fimbriating	of Fimbriate
Fimbriate	To hem; to fringe.
Fimbriated	Having a fringed border; fimbriate.
Fimbriated	Having a very narrow border of another tincture; -- said esp. of an ordinary or subordinary.
Fimbricate	Fringed; jagged; fimbriate.
Fimbricate	fringed, on one side only, by long, straight hairs, as the antennae of certain insects.
Finned	of Fin
Finning	of Fin
Fin	To carve or cut up, as a chub.
Fin	End; conclusion; object.
Fin	An organ of a fish, consisting of a membrane supported by rays, or little bony or cartilaginous ossicles, and serving to balance and propel it in the water.
Fin	A membranous, finlike, swimming organ, as in pteropod and heteropod mollusks.
Fin	A finlike organ or attachment; a part of an object or product which protrudes like a fin
Fin	The hand.
Fin	A blade of whalebone.
Fin	A mark or ridge left on a casting at the junction of the parts of a mold.
Fin	The thin sheet of metal squeezed out between the collars of the rolls in the process of rolling.
Fin	A feather; a spline.
Fin	A finlike appendage, as to submarine boats.
Finable	Liable or subject to a fine; as, a finable person or offense.
Final	Pertaining to the end or conclusion; last; terminating; ultimate; as, the final day of a school term.
Final	Conclusive; decisive; as, a final judgment; the battle of Waterloo brought the contest to a final issue.
Final	Respecting an end or object to be gained; respecting the purpose or ultimate end in view.
Finale	Close; termination
Finale	The last movement of a symphony, sonata, concerto, or any instrumental composition.
Finale	The last composition performed in any act of an opera.
Finale	The closing part, piece, or scene in any public performance or exhibition.
Finalities	of Finality
Finality	The state of being final, finished, or complete; a final or conclusive arrangement; a settlement.
Finality	The relation of end or purpose to its means.
Finally	At the end or conclusion; ultimately; lastly; as, the contest was long, but the Romans finally conquered.
Finally	Completely; beyond recovery.
Finance	The income of a ruler or of a state; revennue; public money; sometimes, the income of an individual; often used in the plural for funds; available money; resources.
Finance	The science of raising and expending the public revenue.
Financial	Pertaining to finance.
Financialist	A financier.
Financially	In a dfinancial manner.
Financier	One charged with the administration of finance; an officer who administers the public revenue; a treasurer.
Financier	One skilled in financial operations; one acquainted with money matters.
Financiered	of Financier
Financiering	of Financier
Financier	To conduct financial operations.
Finary	See Finery.
Finative	Conclusive; decisive; definitive; final.
Finback	Any whale of the genera Sibbaldius, Balaenoptera, and allied genera, of the family Balaenopteridae, characterized by a prominent fin on the back. The common finbacks of the New England coast are Sibbaldius tectirostris and S. tuberosus.
Fishes	of Finch
Finch	A small singing bird of many genera and species, belonging to the family Fringillidae.
Finchbacked	Streaked or spotted on the back; -- said of cattle.
Finched	Same as Finchbacked.
Found	of Find
Finding	of Find
Find	To meet with, or light upon, accidentally; to gain the first sight or knowledge of, as of something new, or unknown; hence, to fall in with, as a person.
Find	To learn by experience or trial; to perceive; to experience; to discover by the intellect or the feelings; to detect; to feel.
Find	To come upon by seeking; as, to find something lost.
Find	To discover by sounding; as, to find bottom.
Find	To discover by study or experiment direct to an object or end; as, water is found to be a compound substance.
Find	To gain, as the object of desire or effort; as, to find leisure; to find means.
Find	To attain to; to arrive at; to acquire.
Find	To provide for; to supply; to furnish; as, to find food for workemen; he finds his nephew in money.
Find	To arrive at, as a conclusion; to determine as true; to establish; as, to find a verdict; to find a true bill (of indictment) against an accused person.
Find	To determine an issue of fact, and to declare such a determination to a court; as, the jury find for the plaintiff.
Find	Anything found; a discovery of anything valuable; especially, a deposit, discovered by archaeologists, of objects of prehistoric or unknown origin.
Findable	Capable of beong found; discoverable.
Finder	One who, or that which, finds; specifically (Astron.), a small telescope of low power and large field of view, attached to a larger telescope, for the purpose of finding an object more readily.
Findfault	A censurer or caviler.
Findfaulting	Apt to censure or cavil; faultfinding; captious.
Finding	That which is found, come upon, or provided; esp. (pl.), that which a journeyman artisan finds or provides for himself; as tools, trimmings, etc.
Finding	Support; maintenance; that which is provided for one; expence; provision.
Finding	The result of a judicial examination or inquiry, especially into some matter of fact; a verdict; as, the finding of a jury.
Findy	Full; heavy; firm; solid; substemtial.
Fine	Finished; brought to perfection; refined; hence, free from impurity; excellent; superior; elegant; worthy of admiration; accomplished; beautiful.
Fine	Aiming at show or effect; loaded with ornament; overdressed or overdecorated; showy.
Fine	Nice; delicate; subtle; exquisite; artful; skillful; dexterous.
Fine	Not coarse, gross, or heavy
Fine	Not gross; subtile; thin; tenous.
Fine	Not coarse; comminuted; in small particles; as, fine sand or flour.
Fine	Not thick or heavy; slender; filmy; as, a fine thread.
Fine	Thin; attenuate; keen; as, a fine edge.
Fine	Made of fine materials; light; delicate; as, fine linen or silk.
Fine	Having (such) a proportion of pure metal in its composition; as, coins nine tenths fine.
Fine	(Used ironically.)
Fined	of Fine
Fining	of Fine
Fine	To make fine; to refine; to purify, to clarify; as, to fine gold.
Fine	To make finer, or less coarse, as in bulk, texture, etc.; as. to fine the soil.
Fine	To change by fine gradations; as (Naut.), to fine down a ship's lines, to diminish her lines gradually.
Fine	End; conclusion; termination; extinction.
Fine	A sum of money paid as the settlement of a claim, or by way of terminating a matter in dispute; especially, a payment of money imposed upon a party as a punishment for an offense; a mulct.
Fine	A final agreement concerning lands or rents between persons, as the lord and his vassal.
Fine	A sum of money or price paid for obtaining a benefit, favor, or privilege, as for admission to a copyhold, or for obtaining or renewing a lease.
Fine	To impose a pecuniary penalty upon for an offense or breach of law; to set a fine on by judgment of a court; to punish by fine; to mulct; as, the trespassers were fined ten dollars.
Fine	To pay a fine. See Fine, n., 3 (b).
Fine	To finish; to cease; or to cause to cease.
Finedrawn	of Finedraw
Finedrawing	of Finedraw
Finedraw	To sew up, so nicely that the seam is not perceived; to renter.
Finedrawer	One who finedraws.
Finedrawn	Drawn out with too much subtilty; overnice; as, finedrawn speculations.
Fineer	To run in dept by getting goods made up in a way unsuitable for the use of others, and then threatening not to take them except on credit.
Fineer	To veneer.
Fineless	Endless; boundless.
Finely	In a fine or finished manner.
Fineness	The quality or condition of being fine.
Fineness	Freedom from foreign matter or alloy; clearness; purity; as, the fineness of liquor.
Fineness	The proportion of pure silver or gold in jewelry, bullion, or coins.
Fineness	Keenness or sharpness; as, the fineness of a needle's point, or of the edge of a blade.
Finer	One who fines or purifies.
Finery	Fineness; beauty.
Finery	Ornament; decoration; especially, excecially decoration; showy clothes; jewels.
Finery	A charcoal hearth or furnace for the conversion of cast iron into wrought iron, or into iron suitable for puddling.
Finespun	Spun so as to be fine; drawn to a fine thread; attenuated; hence, unsubstantial; visionary; as, finespun theories.
Finesse	Subtilty of contrivance to gain a point; artifice; stratagem.
Finesse	The act of finessing. See Finesse, v. i., 2.
Finessed	of Finesse
Finessing	of Finesse
Finesse	To use artifice or stratagem.
Finesse	To attempt, when second or third player, to make a lower card answer the purpose of a higher, when an intermediate card is out, risking the chance of its being held by the opponent yet to play.
Finestill	To distill, as spirit from molasses or some saccharine preparation.
Finestiller	One who finestills.
Finew	Moldiness.
Finfish	A finback whale.
Finfish	True fish, as distinguished from shellfish.
Finfoot	A South American bird (heliornis fulica) allied to the grebes. The name is also applied to several related species of the genus Podica.
Fin-footed	Having palmate feet.
Fin-footed	Having lobate toes, as the coot and grebe.
Finger	One of the five terminating members of the hand; a digit; esp., one of the four extermities of the hand, other than the thumb.
Finger	Anything that does work of a finger; as, the pointer of a clock, watch, or other registering machine; especially (Mech.) a small projecting rod, wire, or piece, which is brought into contact with an object to effect, direct, or restrain a motion.
Finger	The breadth of a finger, or the fourth part of the hand; a measure of nearly an inch; also, the length of finger, a measure in domestic use in the United States, of about four and a half inches or one eighth of a yard.
Finger	Skill in the use of the fingers, as in playing upon a musical instrument.
Fingered	of Finger
Fingering	of Finger
Finger	To touch with the fingers; to handle; to meddle with.
Finger	To touch lightly; to toy with.
Finger	To perform on an instrument of music.
Finger	To mark the notes of (a piece of music) so as to guide the fingers in playing.
Finger	To take thievishly; to pilfer; to purloin.
Finger	To execute, as any delicate work.
Finger	To use the fingers in playing on an instrument.
Fingered	Having fingers.
Fingered	Having leaflets like fingers; digitate.
Fingered	Marked with figures designating which finger should be used for each note.
Fingerer	One who fingers; a pilferer.
Fingering	The act or process of handling or touching with the fingers.
Fingering	The manner of using the fingers in playing or striking the keys of an instrument of music; movement or management of the fingers in playing on a musical instrument, in typewriting, etc.
Fingering	The marking of the notes of a piece of music to guide or regulate the action or use of the fingers.
Fingering	Delicate work made with the fingers.
Fingerling	A young salmon. See Parr.
Fingle-fangle	A trifle.
Fingrigos	of Fingrigo
Fingrigo	A prickly, climbing shrub of the genus Pisonia. The fruit is a kind of berry.
Finial	The knot or bunch of foliage, or foliated ornament, that forms the upper extremity of a pinnacle in Gothic architecture; sometimes, the pinnacle itself.
Finical	Affectedly fine; overnice; unduly particular; fastidious.
Finicality	The quality of being finical; finicalness.
Finicking	Alt. of Finicky
Finicky	Finical; unduly particular.
Finific	A limiting element or quality.
Finify	To make fine; to dress finically.
Finikin	Precise in trifles; idly busy.
Fining	The act of imposing a fin/.
Fining	The process of fining or refining; clarification; also (Metal.), the conversion of cast iron into suitable for puddling, in a hearth or charcoal fire.
Fining	That which is used to refine; especially, a preparation of isinglass, gelatin, etc., for clarifying beer.
Finis	An end; conclusion. It is often placed at the end of a book.
Finished	of Finish
Finishing	of Finish
Finish	To arrive at the end of; to bring to an end; to put an end to; to make an end of; to terminate.
Finish	To bestow the last required labor upon; to complete; to bestow the utmost possible labor upon; to perfect; to accomplish; to polish.
Finish	To come to an end; to terminate.
Finish	To end; to die.
Finish	That which finishes, puts an end to/ or perfects.
Finish	The joiner work and other finer work required for the completion of a building, especially of the interior. See Inside finish, and Outside finish.
Finish	The labor required to give final completion to any work; hence, minute detail, careful elaboration, or the like.
Finish	See Finishing coat, under Finishing.
Finish	The result of completed labor, as on the surface of an object; manner or style of finishing; as, a rough, dead, or glossy finish given to cloth, stone, metal, etc.
Finish	Completion; -- opposed to start, or beginning.
Finished	Polished to the highest degree of excellence; complete; perfect; as, a finished poem; a finished education.
Finisher	One who finishes, puts an end to, completes, or perfects; esp. used in the trades, as in hatting, weaving, etc., for the workman who gives a finishing touch to the work, or any part of it, and brings it to perfection.
Finisher	Something that gives the finishing touch to, or settles, anything.
Finishing	The act or process of completing or perfecting; the final work upon or ornamentation of a thing.
Finishing	Tending to complete or to render fit for the market or for use.
Finite	Having a limit; limited in quantity, degree, or capacity; bounded; -- opposed to infinite; as, finite number; finite existence; a finite being; a finite mind; finite duration.
Finiteless	Infinite.
Finitely	In a finite manner or degree.
Finiteness	The state of being finite.
Finitude	Limitation.
Finlander	A native or inhabitant of Finland.
Finless	destitute of fins.
Finlet	A little fin; one of the parts of a divided fin.
Finlike	Resembling a fin.
Finn	A native of Finland; one of the Finn/ in the ethnological sense. See Finns.
Finnan haddie	Haddock cured in peat smoke, originally at Findon (pron. fin"an), Scotland. the name is also applied to other kinds of smoked haddock.
Finned	Having a fin, or fins, or anything resembling a fin.
Finner	A finback whale.
Finnic	Of or pertaining to the Finns.
Finnikin	A variety of pigeon, with a crest somewhat resembling the mane of a horse.
Finnish	Of or pertaining to Finland, to the Finns, or to their language.
Finnish	A Northern Turanian group of languages; the language of the Finns.
Finns	Natives of Finland; Finlanders.
Finns	A branch of the Mongolian race, inhabiting Northern and Eastern Europe, including the Magyars, Bulgarians, Permians, Lapps, and Finlanders.
Finny	Having, or abounding in, fins, as fishes; pertaining to fishes.
Finny	Abounding in fishes.
Finochio	An umbelliferous plant (Foeniculum dulce) having a somewhat tuberous stem; sweet fennel. The blanched stems are used in France and Italy as a culinary vegetable.
Finos	Second best wool from Merino sheep.
Finpike	The bichir. See Crossopterygii.
Fint	3d pers. sing. pr. of Find, for findeth.
Fin-toed	Having toes connected by a membrane; palmiped; palmated; also, lobate.
Fiord	A narrow inlet of the sea, penetrating between high banks or rocks, as on the coasts of Norway and Alaska.
Fiorin	A species of creeping bent grass (Agrostis alba); -- called also fiorin grass.
Fiorite	A variety of opal occuring in the cavities of volcanic tufa, in smooth and shining globular and botryoidal masses, having a pearly luster; -- so called from Fiora, in Ischia.
Fioriture	Little flowers of ornament introduced into a melody by a singer or player.
Fippenny bit	The Spanish half real, or one sixteenth of a dollar, -- so called in Pennsylvania and the adjacent States.
Fipple	A stopper, as in a wind instrument of music.
Fir	A genus (Abies) of coniferous trees, often of large size and elegant shape, some of them valued for their timber and others for their resin. The species are distinguished as the balsam fir, the silver fir, the red fir, etc.  The Scotch fir is a Pinus.
Fire	The evolution of light and heat in the combustion of bodies; combustion; state of ignition.
Fire	Fuel in a state of combustion, as on a hearth, or in a stove or a furnace.
Fire	The burning of a house or town; a conflagration.
Fire	Anything which destroys or affects like fire.
Fire	Ardor of passion, whether love or hate; excessive warmth; consuming violence of temper.
Fire	Liveliness of imagination or fancy; intellectual and moral enthusiasm; capacity for ardor and zeal.
Fire	Splendor; brilliancy; luster; hence, a star.
Fire	Torture by burning; severe trial or affliction.
Fire	The discharge of firearms; firing; as, the troops were exposed to a heavy fire.
Fired	of Fire
Fring	of Fire
Fire	To set on fire; to kindle; as, to fire a house or chimney; to fire a pile.
Fire	To subject to intense heat; to bake; to burn in a kiln; as, to fire pottery.
Fire	To inflame; to irritate, as the passions; as, to fire the soul with anger, pride, or revenge.
Fire	To animate; to give life or spirit to; as, to fire the genius of a young man.
Fire	To feed or serve the fire of; as, to fire a boiler.
Fire	To light up as if by fire; to illuminate.
Fire	To cause to explode; as, to fire a torpedo; to disharge; as, to fire a musket or cannon; to fire cannon balls, rockets, etc.
Fire	To drive by fire.
Fire	To cauterize.
Fire	To take fire; to be kindled; to kindle.
Fire	To be irritated or inflamed with passion.
Fire	To discharge artillery or firearms; as, they fired on the town.
Firearm	A gun, pistol, or any weapon from a shot is discharged by the force of an explosive substance, as gunpowder.
Fireback	One of several species of pheasants of the genus Euplocamus, having the lower back a bright, fiery red. They inhabit Southern Asia and the East Indies.
Fireball	A ball filled with powder or other combustibles, intended to be thrown among enemies, and to injure by explosion; also, to set fire to their works and light them up, so that movements may be seen.
Fireball	A luminous meteor, resembling a ball of fire passing rapidly through the air, and sometimes exploding.
Firebare	A beacon.
Fire beetle	A very brilliantly luminous beetle (Pyrophorus noctilucus), one of the elaters, found in Central and South America; -- called also cucujo.  The name is also applied to other species. See Firefly.
Firebird	The Baltimore oriole.
Fireboard	A chimney board or screen to close a fireplace when not in use.
Firebote	An allowance of fuel. See Bote.
Firebrand	A piece of burning wood.
Firebrand	One who inflames factions, or causes contention and mischief; an incendiary.
Firecracker	See Cracker., n., 3.
Firecrest	A small European kinglet (Regulus ignicapillus), having a bright red crest; -- called also fire-crested wren.
Firedog	A support for wood in a fireplace; an andiron.
Firedrake	A fiery dragon.
Firedrake	A fiery meteor; an ignis fatuus; a rocket.
Firedrake	A worker at a furnace or fire.
Fire-fanged	Injured as by fire; burned; -- said of manure which has lost its goodness and acquired an ashy hue in consequence of heat generated by decomposition.
Firefish	A singular marine fish of the genus Pterois, family Scorpaenidae, of several species, inhabiting the Indo-Pacific region. They are usually red, and have very large spinose pectoral and dorsal fins.
Fireflaire	A European sting ray of the genus Trygon (T. pastinaca); -- called also fireflare and fiery flaw.
Fireflame	The European band fish (Cepola rubescens).
Fireflies	of Firefly
Firefly	Any luminous winged insect, esp. luminous beetles of the family Lampyridae.
Fireless	Destitute of fire.
Firelock	An old form of gunlock, as the flintlock, which ignites the priming by a spark; perhaps originally, a matchlock. Hence, a gun having such a lock.
Firemen	of Fireman
Fireman	A man whose business is to extinguish fires in towns; a member of a fire company.
Fireman	A man who tends the fires, as of a steam engine; a stocker.
Fire-new	Fresh from the forge; bright; quite new; brand-new.
Fireplace	The part a chimney appropriated to the fire; a hearth; -- usually an open recess in a wall, in which a fire may be built.
Fireproof	Proof against fire; incombustible.
Fireprrofing	The act or process of rendering anything incombustible; also, the materials used in the process.
Firer	One who fires or sets fire to anything; an incendiary.
Fire-set	A set of fire irons, including, commonly, tongs, shovel, and poker.
Fireside	A place near the fire or hearth; home; domestic life or retirement.
Firestone	Iron pyrites, formerly used for striking fire; also, a flint.
Firestone	A stone which will bear the heat of a furnace without injury; -- especially applied to the sandstone at the top of the upper greensand in the south of England, used for lining kilns and furnaces.
Firetail	The European redstart; -- called also fireflirt.
Firewarden	An officer who has authority to direct in the extinguishing of fires, or to order what precautions shall be taken against fires; -- called also fireward.
Fireweed	An American plant (Erechthites hiercifolia), very troublesome in spots where brushwood has been burned.
Fireweed	The great willow-herb (Epilobium spicatum).
Firewood	Wood for fuel.
Firework	A device for producing a striking display of light, or a figure or figures in plain or colored fire, by the combustion of materials that burn in some peculiar manner, as gunpowder, sulphur, metallic filings, and various salts. The most common feature of fireworks is a paper or pasteboard tube filled with the combustible material. A number of these tubes or cases are often combined so as to make, when kindled, a great variety of figures in fire, often variously colored. The skyrocket is a common form of firework. The name is also given to various combustible preparations used in war.
Firework	A pyrotechnic exhibition.
Fireworm	The larva of a small tortricid moth which eats the leaves of the cranberry, so that the vines look as if burned; -- called also cranberry worm.
Firing	The act of disharging firearms.
Firing	The mode of introducing fuel into the furnace and working it.
Firing	The application of fire, or of a cautery.
Firing	The process of partly vitrifying pottery by exposing it to intense heat in a kiln.
Firing	Fuel; firewood or coal.
Firk	To beat; to strike; to chastise.
Firk	To fly out; to turn out; to go off.
Firk	A freak; trick; quirk.
Firkin	A varying measure of capacity, usually being the fourth part of a barrel; specifically, a measure equal to nine imperial gallons.
Firkin	A small wooden vessel or cask of indeterminate size, -- used for butter, lard, etc.
Firlot	A dry measure formerly used in Scotland; the fourth part of a boll of grain or meal. The Linlithgow wheat firlot was to the imperial bushel as 998 to 1000; the barley firlot as 1456 to 1000.
Firm	Fixed; hence, closely compressed; compact; substantial; hard; solid; -- applied to the matter of bodies; as, firm flesh; firm muscles, firm wood.
Firm	Not easily excited or disturbed; unchanging in purpose; fixed; steady; constant; stable; unshaken; not easily changed in feelings or will; strong; as, a firm believer; a firm friend; a firm adherent.
Firm	Solid; -- opposed to fluid; as, firm land.
Firm	Indicating firmness; as, a firm tread; a firm countenance.
Firm	The name, title, or style, under which a company transacts business; a partnership of two or more persons; a commercial house; as, the firm of Hope & Co.
Firm	To fix; to settle; to confirm; to establish.
Firm	To fix or direct with firmness.
Firmament	Fixed foundation; established basis.
Firmament	The region of the air; the sky or heavens.
Firmament	The orb of the fixed stars; the most rmote of the celestial spheres.
Firmamental	Pertaining to the firmament; celestial; being of the upper regions.
Firmans	of Firman
Firman	In Turkey and some other Oriental countries, a decree or mandate issued by the sovereign; a royal order or grant; -- generally given for special objects, as to a traveler to insure him protection and assistance.
Firmer-chisel	A chisel, thin in proportion to its width. It has a tang to enter the handle instead of a socket for receiving it.
Firmitude	Strength; stability.
Firmity	Strength; firmness; stability.
Firmless	Detached from substance.
Firmless	Infirm; unstable.
Firmly	In a firm manner.
Firmness	The state or quality of being firm.
Firms	The principal rafters of a roof, especially a pair of rafters taken together.
Firring	See Furring.
Firry	Made of fir; abounding in firs.
First	Preceding all others of a series or kind; the ordinal of one; earliest; as, the first day of a month; the first year of a reign.
First	Foremost; in front of, or in advance of, all others.
First	Most eminent or exalted; most excellent; chief; highest; as, Demosthenes was the first orator of Greece.
First	Before any other person or thing in time, space, rank, etc.; -- much used in composition with adjectives and participles.
First	The upper part of a duet, trio, etc., either vocal or instrumental; -- so called because it generally expresses the air, and has a preeminence in the combined effect.
Firstborn	First brought forth; first in the order of nativity; eldest; hence, most excellent; most distinguished or exalted.
First-class	Of the best class; of the highest rank; in the first division; of the best quality; first-rate; as, a first-class telescope.
First-hand	Obtained directly from the first or original source; hence, without the intervention of an agent.
Firstling	The first produce or offspring; -- said of animals, especially domestic animals; as, the firstlings of his flock.
Firstling	The thing first thought or done.
Firstling	Firstborn.
Firstly	In the first place; before anything else; -- sometimes improperly used for first.
First-rate	Of the highest excellence; preeminent in quality, size, or estimation.
First-rate	A war vessel of the highest grade or the most powerful class.
Firth	An arm of the sea; a frith.
Fir tree	See Fir.
Fisc	A public or state treasury.
Fiscal	Pertaining to the public treasury or revenue.
Fiscal	The income of a prince or a state; revenue; exhequer.
Fiscal	A treasurer.
Fiscal	A public officer in Scotland who prosecutes in petty criminal cases; -- called also procurator fiscal.
Fiscal	The solicitor in Spain and Portugal; the attorney-general.
Fisetic	Pertaining to fustet or fisetin.
Fisetin	A yellow crystalline substance extracted from fustet, and regarded as its essential coloring principle; -- called also fisetic acid.
Fish	A counter, used in various games.
Fishes	of Fish
Fish	of Fish
Fish	A name loosely applied in popular usage to many animals of diverse characteristics, living in the water.
Fish	An oviparous, vertebrate animal usually having fins and a covering scales or plates. It breathes by means of gills, and lives almost entirely in the water. See Pisces.
Fish	The twelfth sign of the zodiac; Pisces.
Fish	The flesh of fish, used as food.
Fish	A purchase used to fish the anchor.
Fish	A piece of timber, somewhat in the form of a fish, used to strengthen a mast or yard.
Fished	of Fish
Fishing	of Fish
Fish	To attempt to catch fish; to be employed in taking fish, by any means, as by angling or drawing a net.
Fish	To seek to obtain by artifice, or indirectly to seek to draw forth; as, to fish for compliments.
Fish	To catch; to draw out or up; as, to fish up an anchor.
Fish	To search by raking or sweeping.
Fish	To try with a fishing rod; to catch fish in; as, to fish a stream.
Fish	To strengthen (a beam, mast, etc.), or unite end to end (two timbers, railroad rails, etc.) by bolting a plank, timber, or plate to the beam, mast, or timbers, lengthwise on one or both sides. See Fish joint, under Fish, n.
Fish-bellied	Bellying or swelling out on the under side; as, a fish-bellied rail.
Fish-block	See Fish-tackle.
Fisher	One who fishes.
Fisher	A carnivorous animal of the Weasel family (Mustela Canadensis); the pekan; the "black cat."
Fishermen	of Fisherman
Fisherman	One whose occupation is to catch fish.
Fisherman	A ship or vessel employed in the business of taking fish, as in the cod fishery.
Fisheries	of Fishery
Fishery	The business or practice of catching fish; fishing.
Fishery	A place for catching fish.
Fishery	The right to take fish at a certain place, or in particular waters.
Fishful	Abounding with fish.
Fishgig	A spear with barbed prongs used for harpooning fish.
Fishhawk	The osprey (Pandion haliaetus), found both in Europe and America; -- so called because it plunges into the water and seizes fishes in its talons. Called also fishing eagle, and bald buzzard.
Fishhook	A hook for catching fish.
Fishhook	A hook with a pendant, to the end of which the fish-tackle is hooked.
Fishify	To change to fish.
Fishiness	The state or quality of being fishy or fishlike.
Fishing	The act, practice, or art of one who fishes.
Fishing	A fishery.
Fishing	Pertaining to fishing; used in fishery; engaged in fishing; as, fishing boat; fishing tackle; fishing village.
Fishlike	Like fish; suggestive of fish; having some of the qualities of fish.
Fishmonger	A dealer in fish.
Fishskin	The skin of a fish (dog fish, shark, etc.)
Fishskin	See Ichthyosis.
Fish-tackle	A tackle or purchase used to raise the flukes of the anchor up to the gunwale. The block used is called the fish-block.
Fish-tail	Like the of a fish; acting, or producing something, like the tail of a fish.
Fishwife	A fishwoman.
Fishwomen	of Fishwoman
Fishwoman	A woman who retails fish.
Fishy	Consisting of fish; fishlike; having the qualities or taste of fish; abounding in fish.
Fishy	Extravagant, like some stories about catching fish; improbable; also, rank or foul.
Fisk	To run about; to frisk; to whisk.
Fissigemmation	A process of reproduction intermediate between fission and gemmation.
Fissile	Capable of being split, cleft, or divided in the direction of the grain, like wood, or along natural planes of cleavage, like crystals.
Fissilingual	Having the tongue forked.
Fissilinguia	A group of Lacertilia having the tongue forked, including the common lizards.
Fissility	Quality of being fissile.
Fission	A cleaving, splitting, or breaking up into parts.
Fission	A method of asexual reproduction among the lowest (unicellular) organisms by means of a process of self-division, consisting of gradual division or cleavage of the into two parts, each of which then becomes a separate and independent organisms; as when a cell in an animal or plant, or its germ, undergoes a spontaneous division, and the parts again subdivide. See Segmentation, and Cell division, under Division.
Fission	A process by which certain coral polyps, echinoderms, annelids, etc., spontaneously subdivide, each individual thus forming two or more new ones. See Strobilation.
Fissipalmate	Semipalmate and loboped, as a grebe's foot. See Illust. under Aves.
Fissipara	Animals which reproduce by fission.
Fissiparism	Reproduction by spontaneous fission.
Fissiparity	Quality of being fissiparous; fissiparism.
Fissiparous	Reproducing by spontaneous fission. See Fission.
Fissipation	Reproduction by fission; fissiparism.
Fissiped	Alt. of Fissipedal
Fissipedal	Having the toes separated to the base. [See Aves.]
Fissiped	One of the Fissipedia.
Fissipedia	A division of the Carnivora, including the dogs, cats, and bears, in which the feet are not webbed; -- opposed to Pinnipedia.
Fissirostral	Having the bill cleft beyond the horny part, as in the case of swallows and goatsuckers.
Fissirostres	A group of birds having the bill deeply cleft.
Fissural	Pertaining to a fissure or fissures; as, the fissural pattern of a brain.
Fissuration	The act of dividing or opening; the state of being fissured.
Fissure	A narrow opening, made by the parting of any substance; a cleft; as, the fissure of a rock.
Fissure	To cleave; to divide; to crack or fracture.
Fissurella	A genus of marine gastropod mollusks, having a conical or limpetlike shell, with an opening at the apex; -- called also keyhole limpet.
Fist	The hand with the fingers doubled into the palm; the closed hand, especially as clinched tightly for the purpose of striking a blow.
Fist	The talons of a bird of prey.
Fist	the index mark [/], used to direct special attention to the passage which follows.
Fisted	of Fist
Fisting	of Fist
Fist	To strike with the fist.
Fist	To gripe with the fist.
Fistic	Pertaining to boxing, or to encounters with the fists; puglistic; as, fistic exploits; fistic heroes.
Fisticuff	A cuff or blow with the fist or hand
Fisticuff	a fight with the fists; boxing.
Fistinut	A pistachio nut.
Fistuca	An instrument used by the ancients in driving piles.
Fistulae	of Fistula
Fistula	A reed; a pipe.
Fistula	A pipe for convejing water.
Fistula	A permanent abnormal opening into the soft parts with a constant discharge; a deep, narrow, chronic abscess; an abnormal opening between an internal cavity and another cavity or the surface; as, a salivary fistula; an anal fistula; a recto-vaginal fistula.
Fistular	Hollow and cylindrical, like a pipe or reed.
Fistularia	A genus of fishes, having the head prolonged into a tube, with the mouth at the extremity.
Fistularioid	Like or pertaining to the genus Fistularia.
Fistulate	To make hollow or become hollow like a fistula, or pipe.
Fistule	A fistula.
Fistuliform	Of a fistular form; tubular; pipe-shaped.
Fistulose	Formed like a fistula; hollow; reedlike.
Fistulous	Having the form or nature of a fistula; as, a fistulous ulcer.
Fistulous	Hollow, like a pipe or reed; fistulose.
Fit	imp. & p. p. of Fight.
Fit	In Old English, a song; a strain; a canto or portion of a ballad; a passus.
Fit	Adapted to an end, object, or design; suitable by nature or by art; suited by character, qualitties, circumstances, education, etc.; qualified; competent; worthy.
Fit	Prepared; ready.
Fit	Conformed to a standart of duty, properiety, or taste; convenient; meet; becoming; proper.
Fitted	of Fit
Fitting	of Fit
Fit	To make fit or suitable; to adapt to the purpose intended; to qualify; to put into a condition of readiness or preparation.
Fit	To bring to a required form and size; to shape aright; to adapt to a model; to adjust; -- said especially of the work of a carpenter, machinist, tailor, etc.
Fit	To supply with something that is suitable or fit, or that is shaped and adjusted to the use required.
Fit	To be suitable to; to answer the requirements of; to be correctly shaped and adjusted to; as, if the coat fits you, put it on.
Fit	To be proper or becoming.
Fit	To be adjusted to a particular shape or size; to suit; to be adapted; as, his coat fits very well.
Fit	The quality of being fit; adjustment; adaptedness; as of dress to the person of the wearer.
Fit	The coincidence of parts that come in contact.
Fit	The part of an object upon which anything fits tightly.
Fit	A stroke or blow.
Fit	A sudden and violent attack of a disorder; a stroke of disease, as of epilepsy or apoplexy, which produces convulsions or unconsciousness; a convulsion; a paroxysm; hence, a period of exacerbation of a disease; in general, an attack of disease; as, a fit of sickness.
Fit	A mood of any kind which masters or possesses one for a time; a temporary, absorbing affection; a paroxysm; as, a fit melancholy, of passion, or of laughter.
Fit	A passing humor; a caprice; a sudden and unusual effort, activity, or motion, followed by relaxation or insction; an impulse and irregular action.
Fit	A darting point; a sudden emission.
Fitches	of Fitch
Fitch	A vetch.
Fitch	A word found in the Authorized Version of the Bible, representing different Hebrew originals. In Isaiah xxviii. 25, 27, it means the black aromatic seeds of Nigella sativa, still used as a flavoring in the East. In Ezekiel iv. 9, the Revised Version now reads spelt.
Fitch	The European polecat; also, its fur.
Fitche	Sharpened to a point; pointed.
Fitched	Fitche.
Fitchet	Alt. of Fitchew
Fitchew	The European polecat (Putorius foetidus). See Polecat.
Fitchy	Having fitches or vetches.
Fitchy	Fitche.
Fitful	Full of fits; irregularly variable; impulsive and unstable.
Fithel	Alt. of Fithul
Fithul	A fiddle.
Fitly	In a fit manner; suitably; properly; conveniently; as, a maxim fitly applied.
Fitment	The act of fitting; that which is proper or becoming; equipment.
Fitness	The state or quality of being fit; as, the fitness of measures or laws; a person's fitness for office.
Fitt	See 2d Fit.
Fittable	Suitable; fit.
Fittedness	The state or quality of being fitted; adaptation.
Fitter	One who fits or makes to fit;
Fitter	One who tries on, and adjusts, articles of dress.
Fitter	One who fits or adjusts the different parts of machinery to each other.
Fitter	A coal broker who conducts the sales between the owner of a coal pit and the shipper.
Fitter	A little piece; a flitter; a flinder.
Fitting	Anything used in fitting up
Fitting	necessary fixtures or apparatus; as, the fittings of a church or study; gas fittings.
Fitting	Fit; appropriate; suitable; proper.
Fitweed	A plant (Eryngium foetidum) supposed to be a remedy for fits.
Fitz	A son; -- used in compound names, to indicate paternity, esp. of the illegitimate sons of kings and princes of the blood; as, Fitzroy, the son of the king; Fitzclarence, the son of the duke of Clarence.
Five	Four and one added; one more than four.
Five	The number next greater than four, and less than six; five units or objects.
Five	A symbol representing this number, as 5, or V.
Five-finger	See Cinquefoil.
Five-finger	A starfish with five rays, esp. Asterias rubens.
Fivefold	In fives; consisting of five in one; five repeated; quintuple.
Five-leaf	Cinquefoil; five-finger.
Five-leafed	Alt. of Five-leaved
Five-leaved	Having five leaflets, as the Virginia creeper.
Fiveling	A compound or twin crystal consisting of five individuals.
Fives	A kind of play with a ball against a wall, resembling tennis; -- so named because three fives, or fifteen, are counted to the game.
Fives	A disease of the glands under the ear in horses; the vives.
Five-twenties	Five-twenty bonds of the United States (bearing six per cent interest), issued in 1862, '64, and '65, redeemable after five and payable in twenty years.
Fix	Fixed; solidified.
Fixed	of Fix
Fixing	of Fix
Fix	To make firm, stable, or fast; to set or place permanently; to fasten immovably; to establish; to implant; to secure; to make definite.
Fix	To hold steadily; to direct unwaveringly; to fasten, as the eye on an object, the attention on a speaker.
Fix	To transfix; to pierce.
Fix	To render (an impression) permanent by treating with such applications as will make it insensible to the action of light.
Fix	To put in order; to arrange; to dispose of; to adjust; to set to rights; to set or place in the manner desired or most suitable; hence, to repair; as, to fix the clothes; to fix the furniture of a room.
Fix	To line the hearth of (a puddling furnace) with fettling.
Fix	To become fixed; to settle or remain permanently; to cease from wandering; to rest.
Fix	To become firm, so as to resist volatilization; to cease to flow or be fluid; to congeal; to become hard and malleable, as a metallic substance.
Fix	A position of difficulty or embarassment; predicament; dilemma.
Fix	fettling.
Fixable	Capable of being fixed.
Fixation	The act of fixing, or the state of being fixed.
Fixation	The act of uniting chemically with a solid substance or in a solid form; reduction to a non-volatile condition; -- said of gaseous elements.
Fixation	The act or process of ceasing to be fluid and becoming firm.
Fixation	A state of resistance to evaporation or volatilization by heat; -- said of metals.
Fixative	That which serves to set or fix colors or drawings, as a mordant.
Fixed	Securely placed or fastened; settled; established; firm; imovable; unalterable.
Fixed	Stable; non-volatile.
Fixedly	In a fixed, stable, or constant manner.
Fixedness	The state or quality of being fixed; stability; steadfastness.
Fixedness	The quality of a body which resists evaporation or volatilization by heat; solidity; cohesion of parts; as, the fixedness of gold.
Fixidity	Fixedness.
Fixing	The act or process of making fixed.
Fixing	That which is fixed; a fixture.
Fixing	Arrangements; embellishments; trimmings; accompaniments.
Fixity	Fixedness; as, fixity of tenure; also, that which is fixed.
Fixity	Coherence of parts.
Fixture	That which is fixed or attached to something as a permanent appendage; as, the fixtures of a pump; the fixtures of a farm or of a dwelling, that is, the articles which a tenant may not take away.
Fixture	State of being fixed; fixedness.
Fixture	Anything of an accessory character annexed to houses and lands, so as to constitute a part of them. This term is, however, quite frequently used in the peculiar sense of personal chattels annexed to lands and tenements, but removable by the person annexing them, or his personal representatives. In this latter sense, the same things may be fixtures under some circumstances, and not fixtures under others.
Fixure	Fixed position; stable condition; firmness.
Fizgig	A fishgig.
Fizgig	A firework, made of damp powder, which makes a fizzing or hissing noise when it explodes.
Fizgig	A gadding, flirting girl.
Fizzed	of Fizz
Fizzing	of Fizz
Fizz	To make a hissing sound, as a burning fuse.
Fizz	A hissing sound; as, the fizz of a fly.
Fizzled	of Fizzle
Fizzling	of Fizzle
Fizzle	To make a hissing sound.
Fizzle	To make a ridiculous failure in an undertaking.
Fizzle	A failure or abortive effort.
Fjord	See Fiord.
Flabbergast	To astonish; to strike with wonder, esp. by extraordinary statements.
Flabbergastation	The state of being flabbergasted.
Flabbily	In a flabby manner.
Flabbiness	Quality or state of being flabby.
Flabby	Yielding to the touch, and easily moved or shaken; hanging loose by its own weight; wanting firmness; flaccid; as, flabby flesh.
Flabel	A fan.
Flabellate	Flabelliform.
Flabellation	The act of keeping fractured limbs cool by the use of a fan or some other contrivance.
Flabelliform	Having the form of a fan; fan-shaped; flabellate.
Flabellinerved	Having many nerves diverging radiately from the base; -- said of a leaf.
Flabellum	A fan; especially, the fan carried before the pope on state occasions, made in ostrich and peacock feathers.
Flabile	Liable to be blown about.
Flaccid	Yielding to pressure for want of firmness and stiffness; soft and weak; limber; lax; drooping; flabby; as, a flaccid muscle; flaccid flesh.
Flaccidity	The state of being flaccid.
Flacker	To flutter, as a bird.
Flacket	A barrel-shaped bottle; a flagon.
Flagged	of Flag
Flagging	of Flag
Flag	To hang loose without stiffness; to bend down, as flexible bodies; to be loose, yielding, limp.
Flag	To droop; to grow spiritless; to lose vigor; to languish; as, the spirits flag; the streugth flags.
Flag	To let droop; to suffer to fall, or let fall, into feebleness; as, to flag the wings.
Flag	To enervate; to exhaust the vigor or elasticity of.
Flag	That which flags or hangs down loosely.
Flag	A cloth usually bearing a device or devices and used to indicate nationality, party, etc., or to give or ask information; -- commonly attached to a staff to be waved by the wind; a standard; a banner; an ensign; the colors; as, the national flag; a military or a naval flag.
Flag	A group of feathers on the lower part of the legs of certain hawks, owls, etc.
Flag	A group of elongated wing feathers in certain hawks.
Flag	The bushy tail of a dog, as of a setter.
Flag	To signal to with a flag; as, to flag a train.
Flag	To convey, as a message, by means of flag signals; as, to flag an order to troops or vessels at a distance.
Flag	An aquatic plant, with long, ensiform leaves, belonging to either of the genera Iris and Acorus.
Flag	To furnish or deck out with flags.
Flag	A flat stone used for paving.
Flag	Any hard, evenly stratified sandstone, which splits into layers suitable for flagstones.
Flag	To lay with flags of flat stones.
Flagellant	One of a fanatical sect which flourished in Europe in the 13th and 14th centuries, and maintained that flagellation was of equal virtue with baptism and the sacrament; -- called also disciplinant.
Flagellata	An order of Infusoria, having one or two long, whiplike cilia, at the anterior end. It includes monads. See Infusoria, and Monad.
Flagellated	of Flagellate
Flagellating	of Flagellate
Flagellate	To whip; to scourge; to flog.
Flagellate	Flagelliform.
Flagellate	Of or pertaining to the Flagellata.
Flagellation	A beating or flogging; a whipping; a scourging.
Flagellator	One who practices flagellation; one who whips or scourges.
Flagelliform	Shaped like a whiplash; long, slender, round, flexible, and (comming) tapering.
Flagellums	of Flagellum
Flagella	of Flagellum
Flagellum	A young, flexible shoot of a plant; esp., the long trailing branch of a vine, or a slender branch in certain mosses.
Flagellum	A long, whiplike cilium. See Flagellata.
Flagellum	An appendage of the reproductive apparatus of the snail.
Flagellum	A lashlike appendage of a crustacean, esp. the terminal ortion of the antennae and the epipodite of the maxilipeds. See Maxilliped.
Flageolet	A small wooden pipe, having six or more holes, and a mouthpiece inserted at one end. It produces a shrill sound, softer than of the piccolo flute, and is said to have superseded the old recorder.
Flagginess	The condition of being flaggy; laxity; limberness.
Flagging	A pavement or sidewalk of flagstones; flagstones, collectively.
Flagging	Growing languid, weak, or spiritless; weakening; delaying.
Flaggy	Weak; flexible; limber.
Flaggy	Tasteless; insipid; as, a flaggy apple.
Flaggy	Abounding with the plant called flag; as, a flaggy marsh.
Flagitate	To importune; to demand fiercely or with passion.
Flagitation	Importunity; urgent demand.
Flagitious	Disgracefully or shamefully criminal; grossly wicked; scandalous; shameful; -- said of acts, crimes, etc.
Flagitious	Guilty of enormous crimes; corrupt; profligate; -- said of persons.
Flagitious	Characterized by scandalous crimes or vices; as, flagitious times.
Flagmen	of Flagman
Flagman	One who makes signals with a flag.
Flagon	A vessel with a narrow mouth, used for holding and conveying liquors. It is generally larger than a bottle, and of leather or stoneware rather than of glass.
Flagrance	Flagrancy.
Flagrancies	of Flagrancy
Flagrancy	A burning; great heat; inflammation.
Flagrancy	The condition or quality of being flagrant; atrocity; heiniousness; enormity; excess.
Flagrant	Flaming; inflamed; glowing; burning; ardent.
Flagrant	Actually in preparation, execution, or performance; carried on hotly; raging.
Flagrant	Flaming into notice; notorious; enormous; heinous; glaringly wicked.
Flagrantly	In a flagrant manner.
Flagrate	To burn.
Flagration	A conflagration.
Flagship	The vessel which carries the commanding officer of a fleet or squadron and flies his distinctive flag or pennant.
-staves	of Flagstaff
-staffs	of Flagstaff
Flagstaff	A staff on which a flag is hoisted.
Flagstone	A flat stone used in paving, or any rock which will split into such stones. See Flag, a stone.
Flagworm	A worm or grub found among flags and sedge.
Flail	An instrument for threshing or beating grain from the ear by hand, consisting of a wooden staff or handle, at the end of which a stouter and shorter pole or club, called a swipe, is so hung as to swing freely.
Flail	An ancient military weapon, like the common flail, often having the striking part armed with rows of spikes, or loaded.
Flaily	Acting like a flail.
Flain	p. p. of Flay.
Flake	A paling; a hurdle.
Flake	A platform of hurdles, or small sticks made fast or interwoven, supported by stanchions, for drying codfish and other things.
Flake	A small stage hung over a vessel's side, for workmen to stand on in calking, etc.
Flake	A loose filmy mass or a thin chiplike layer of anything; a film; flock; lamina; layer; scale; as, a flake of snow, tallow, or fish.
Flake	A little particle of lighted or incandescent matter, darted from a fire; a flash.
Flake	A sort of carnation with only two colors in the flower, the petals having large stripes.
Flaked	of Flake
Flaking	of Flake
Flake	To form into flakes.
Flake	To separate in flakes; to peel or scale off.
Flakiness	The state of being flaky.
Flaky	Consisting of flakes or of small, loose masses; lying, or cleaving off, in flakes or layers; flakelike.
Flam	A freak or whim; also, a falsehood; a lie; an illusory pretext; deception; delusion.
Flammed	of Flam
Flamming	of Flam
Flam	To deceive with a falsehood.
Flambeaux	of Flambeau
Flambeaus	of Flambeau
Flambeau	A flaming torch, esp. one made by combining together a number of thick wicks invested with a quick-burning substance (anciently, perhaps, wax; in modern times, pitch or the like); hence, any torch.
Flamboyant	Characterized by waving or flamelike curves, as in the tracery of windows, etc.; -- said of the later (15th century) French Gothic style.
Flamboyer	A name given in the East and West Indies to certain trees with brilliant blossoms, probably species of Caesalpinia.
Flame	A stream of burning vapor or gas, emitting light and heat; darting or streaming fire; a blaze; a fire.
Flame	Burning zeal or passion; elevated and noble enthusiasm; glowing imagination; passionate excitement or anger.
Flame	Ardor of affection; the passion of love.
Flame	A person beloved; a sweetheart.
Flamed	of Flame
Flaming	of Flame
Flame	To burn with a flame or blaze; to burn as gas emitted from bodies in combustion; to blaze.
Flame	To burst forth like flame; to break out in violence of passion; to be kindled with zeal or ardor.
Flame	To kindle; to inflame; to excite.
Flame-colored	Of the color of flame; of a bright orange yellow color.
Flameless	Destitute of flame.
Flamelet	A small flame.
Flammens	of Flamen
Flamines	of Flamen
Flamen	A priest devoted to the service of a particular god, from whom he received a distinguishing epithet. The most honored were those of Jupiter, Mars, and Quirinus, called respectively Flamen Dialis, Flamen Martialis, and Flamen Quirinalis.
Flamineous	Pertaining to a flamen; flaminical.
Flaming	Emitting flames; afire; blazing; consuming; illuminating.
Flaming	Of the color of flame; high-colored; brilliant; dazzling.
Flaming	Ardent; passionate; burning with zeal; irrepressibly earnest; as, a flaming proclomation or harangue.
Flamingly	In a flaming manner.
Flamingoes	of Flamingo
Flamingo	Any bird of the genus Phoenicopterus. The flamingoes have webbed feet, very long legs, and a beak bent down as if broken. Their color is usually red or pink. The American flamingo is P. ruber; the European is P. antiquorum.
Flaminical	Pertaining to a flamen.
Flammability	The quality of being flammable; inflammability.
Flammable	Inflammable.
Flammation	The act of setting in a flame or blaze.
Flammeous	Pertaining to, consisting of, or resembling, flame.
Flammiferous	Producing flame.
Flammivomous	Vomiting flames, as a volcano.
Flammulated	Of a reddish color.
Flamy	Flaming; blazing; flamelike; flame-colored; composed of flame.
Flanches	of Flanch
Flanch	A flange.
Flanch	A bearing consisting of a segment of a circle encroaching on the field from the side.
Flanched	Having flanches; -- said of an escutcheon with those bearings.
Flanconade	A thrust in the side.
Flaneur	One who strolls about aimlessly; a lounger; a loafer.
Flang	A miner's two-pointed pick.
Flange	An external or internal rib, or rim, for strength, as the flange of an iron beam; or for a guide, as the flange of a car wheel (see Car wheel.); or for attachment to another object, as the flange on the end of a pipe, steam cylinder, etc.
Flange	A plate or ring to form a rim at the end of a pipe when fastened to the pipe.
Flanged	of Flange
Flanging	of Flange
Flange	To make a flange on; to furnish with a flange.
Flange	To be bent into a flange.
Flanged	Having a flange or flanges; as, a flanged wheel.
Flank	The fleshy or muscular part of the side of an animal, between the ribs and the hip. See Illust. of Beef.
Flank	The side of an army, or of any division of an army, as of a brigade, regiment, or battalion; the extreme right or left; as, to attack an enemy in flank is to attack him on the side.
Flank	That part of a bastion which reaches from the curtain to the face, and defends the curtain, the flank and face of the opposite bastion; any part of a work defending another by a fire along the outside of its parapet.
Flank	The side of any building.
Flank	That part of the acting surface of a gear wheel tooth that lies within the pitch line.
Flanked	of Flank
Flanking	of Flank
Flank	To stand at the flank or side of; to border upon.
Flank	To overlook or command the flank of; to secure or guard the flank of; to pass around or turn the flank of; to attack, or threaten to attack; the flank of.
Flank	To border; to touch.
Flank	To be posted on the side.
Flanker	One who, or that which, flanks, as a skirmisher or a body of troops sent out upon the flanks of an army toguard a line of march, or a fort projecting so as to command the side of an assailing body.
Flankered	of Flanker
Flankering	of Flanker
Flanker	To defend by lateral fortifications.
Flanker	To attack sideways.
Flannel	A soft, nappy, woolen cloth, of loose texture.
Flanneled	Covered or wrapped in flannel.
Flannen	Made or consisting of flannel.
Flap	Anything broad and limber that hangs loose, or that is attached by one side or end and is easily moved; as, the flap of a garment.
Flap	A hinged leaf, as of a table or shutter.
Flap	The motion of anything broad and loose, or a stroke or sound made with it; as, the flap of a sail or of a wing.
Flap	A disease in the lips of horses.
Flapped	of Flap
Flapping	of Flap
Flap	To beat with a flap; to strike.
Flap	To move, as something broad and flaplike; as, to flap the wings; to let fall, as the brim of a hat.
Flap	To move as do wings, or as something broad or loose; to fly with wings beating the air.
Flap	To fall and hang like a flap, as the brim of a hat, or other broad thing.
Flapdragon	A game in which the players catch raisins out burning brandy, and swallow them blazing.
Flapdragon	The thing thus caught and eaten.
Flapdragon	To swallow whole, as a flapdragon; to devour.
Flap-eared	Having broad, loose, dependent ears.
Flapjack	A fklat cake turned on the griddle while cooking; a griddlecake or pacake.
Flapjack	A fried dough cake containing fruit; a turnover.
Flap-mouthed	Having broad, hangling lips.
Flapper	One who, or that which, flaps.
Flapper	See Flipper.
Flared	of Flare
Flaring	of Flare
Flare	To burn with an unsteady or waving flame; as, the candle flares.
Flare	To shine out with a sudden and unsteady light; to emit a dazzling or painfully bright light.
Flare	To shine out with gaudy colors; to flaunt; to be offensively bright or showy.
Flare	To be exposed to too much light.
Flare	To open or spread outwards; to project beyond the perpendicular; as, the sides of a bowl flare; the bows of a ship flare.
Flare	An unsteady, broad, offensive light.
Flare	A spreading outward; as, the flare of a fireplace.
Flare	Leaf of lard.
Flare-up	A sudden burst of anger or passion; an angry dispute.
Flaring	That flares; flaming or blazing unsteadily; shining out with a dazzling light.
Flaring	Opening or speading outwards.
Flaringly	In a flaring manner.
Flashed	of Flash
Flashing	of Flash
Flash	To burst or break forth with a sudden and transient flood of flame and light; as, the lighting flashes vividly; the powder flashed.
Flash	To break forth, as a sudden flood of light; to burst instantly and brightly on the sight; to show a momentary brilliancy; to come or pass like a flash.
Flash	To burst forth like a sudden flame; to break out violently; to rush hastily.
Flash	To send out in flashes; to cause to burst forth with sudden flame or light.
Flash	To convey as by a flash; to light up, as by a sudden flame or light; as, to flash a message along the wires; to flash conviction on the mind.
Flash	To cover with a thin layer, as objects of glass with glass of a different color. See Flashing, n., 3 (b).
Flash	To trick up in a showy manner.
Flash	To strike and throw up large bodies of water from the surface; to splash.
Flashes	of Flash
Flash	A sudden burst of light; a flood of light instantaneously appearing and disappearing; a momentary blaze; as, a flash of lightning.
Flash	A sudden and brilliant burst, as of wit or genius; a momentary brightness or show.
Flash	The time during which a flash is visible; an instant; a very brief period.
Flash	A preparation of capsicum, burnt sugar, etc., for coloring and giving a fictious strength to liquors.
Flash	Showy, but counterfeit; cheap, pretentious, and vulgar; as, flash jewelry; flash finery.
Flash	Wearing showy, counterfeit ornaments; vulgarly pretentious; as, flash people; flash men or women; -- applied especially to thieves, gamblers, and prostitutes that dress in a showy way and wear much cheap jewelry.
Flash	Slang or cant of thieves and prostitutes.
Flash	A pool.
Flash	A reservoir and sluiceway beside a navigable stream, just above a shoal, so that the stream may pour in water as boats pass, and thus bear them over the shoal.
Flashboard	A board placed temporarily upon a milldam, to raise the water in the pond above its usual level; a flushboard.
Flasher	One who, or that which, flashes.
Flasher	A man of more appearance of wit than reality.
Flasher	A large sparoid fish of the Atlantic coast and all tropical seas (Lobotes Surinamensis).
Flasher	The European red-backed shrike (Lanius collurio); -- called also flusher.
Flashily	In a flashy manner; with empty show.
Flashiness	The quality of being flashy.
Flashing	The creation of an artifical flood by the sudden letting in of a body of water; -- called also flushing.
Flashing	Pieces of metal, built into the joints of a wall, so as to lap over the edge of the gutters or to cover the edge of the roofing; also, similar pieces used to cover the valleys of roofs of slate, shingles, or the like. By extension, the metal covering of ridges and hips of roofs; also, in the United States, the protecting of angles and breaks in walls of frame houses with waterproof material, tarred paper, or the like.  Cf. Filleting.
Flashing	The reheating of an article at the furnace aperture during manufacture to restore its plastic condition; esp., the reheating of a globe of crown glass to allow it to assume a flat shape as it is rotated.
Flashing	A mode of covering transparent white glass with a film of colored glass.
Flashy	Dazzling for a moment; making a momentary show of brilliancy; transitorily bright.
Flashy	Fiery; vehement; impetuous.
Flashy	Showy; gay; gaudy; as, a flashy dress.
Flashy	Without taste or spirit.
Flask	A small bottle-shaped vessel for holding fluids; as, a flask of oil or wine.
Flask	A narrow-necked vessel of metal or glass, used for various purposes; as of sheet metal, to carry gunpowder in; or of wrought iron, to contain quicksilver; or of glass, to heat water in, etc.
Flask	A bed in a gun carriage.
Flask	The wooden or iron frame which holds the sand, etc., forming the mold used in a foundry; it consists of two or more parts; viz., the cope or top; sometimes, the cheeks, or middle part; and the drag, or bottom part. When there are one or more cheeks, the flask is called a three part flask, four part flask, etc.
Flasket	A long, shallow basket, with two handles.
Flasket	A small flask.
Flasket	A vessel in which viands are served.
Flat	Having an even and horizontal surface, or nearly so, without prominences or depressions; level without inclination; plane.
Flat	Lying at full length, or spread out, upon the ground; level with the ground or earth; prostrate; as, to lie flat on the ground; hence, fallen; laid low; ruined; destroyed.
Flat	Wanting relief; destitute of variety; without points of prominence and striking interest.
Flat	Tasteless; stale; vapid; insipid; dead; as, fruit or drink flat to the taste.
Flat	Unanimated; dull; uninteresting; without point or spirit; monotonous; as, a flat speech or composition.
Flat	Lacking liveliness of commercial exchange and dealings; depressed; dull; as, the market is flat.
Flat	Clear; unmistakable; peremptory; absolute; positive; downright.
Flat	Below the true pitch; hence, as applied to intervals, minor, or lower by a half step; as, a flat seventh; A flat.
Flat	Not sharp or shrill; not acute; as, a flat sound.
Flat	Sonant; vocal; -- applied to any one of the sonant or vocal consonants, as distinguished from a nonsonant (or sharp) consonant.
Flat	In a flat manner; directly; flatly.
Flat	Without allowance for accrued interest.
Flat	A level surface, without elevation, relief, or prominences; an extended plain; specifically, in the United States, a level tract along the along the banks of a river; as, the Mohawk Flats.
Flat	A level tract lying at little depth below the surface of water, or alternately covered and left bare by the tide; a shoal; a shallow; a strand.
Flat	Something broad and flat in form
Flat	A flat-bottomed boat, without keel, and of small draught.
Flat	A straw hat, broad-brimmed and low-crowned.
Flat	A car without a roof, the body of which is a platform without sides; a platform car.
Flat	A platform on wheel, upon which emblematic designs, etc., are carried in processions.
Flat	The flat part, or side, of anything; as, the broad side of a blade, as distinguished from its edge.
Flat	A floor, loft, or story in a building; especially, a floor of a house, which forms a complete residence in itself.
Flat	A horizontal vein or ore deposit auxiliary to a main vein; also, any horizontal portion of a vein not elsewhere horizontal.
Flat	A dull fellow; a simpleton; a numskull.
Flat	A character [/] before a note, indicating a tone which is a half step or semitone lower.
Flat	A homaloid space or extension.
Flatted	of Flat
Flatting	of Flat
Flat	To make flat; to flatten; to level.
Flat	To render dull, insipid, or spiritless; to depress.
Flat	To depress in tone, as a musical note; especially, to lower in pitch by half a tone.
Flat	To become flat, or flattened; to sink or fall to an even surface.
Flat	To fall form the pitch.
Flatbill	Any bird of the genus Flatyrynchus. They belong to the family of flycatchers.
Flatboat	A boat with a flat bottom and square ends; -- used for the transportation of bulky freight, especially in shallow waters.
Flat-bottomed	Having an even lower surface or bottom; as, a flat-bottomed boat.
Flat-cap	A kind of low-crowned cap formerly worn by all classes in England, and continued in London after disuse elsewhere; -- hence, a citizen of London.
Flatfish	Any fish of the family Pleuronectidae; esp., the winter flounder (Pleuronectes Americanus). The flatfishes have the body flattened, swim on the side, and have eyes on one side, as the flounder, turbot, and halibut. See Flounder.
Flat foot	A foot in which the arch of the instep is flattened so that the entire sole of the foot rests upon the ground; also, the deformity, usually congential, exhibited by such a foot; splayfoot.
Flat-footed	Having a flat foot, with little or no arch of the instep.
Flat-footed	Firm-footed; determined.
Flathead	Characterized by flatness of head, especially that produced by artificial means, as a certain tribe of American Indians.
Flathead	A Chinook Indian. See Chinook, n., 1.
Flat-headed	Having a head with a flattened top; as, a flat-headed nail.
Flatiron	An iron with a flat, smooth surface for ironing clothes.
Flative	Producing wind; flatulent.
Flating	With the flat side, as of a sword; flatlong; in a prostrate position.
Flatlong	With the flat side downward; not edgewise.
Flatly	In a flat manner; evenly; horizontally; without spirit; dully; frigidly; peremptorily; positively, plainly.
Flatness	The quality or state of being flat.
Flatness	Eveness of surface; want of relief or prominence; the state of being plane or level.
Flatness	Want of vivacity or spirit; prostration; dejection; depression.
Flatness	Want of variety or flavor; dullness; insipidity.
Flatness	Depression of tone; the state of being below the true pitch; -- opposed to sharpness or acuteness.
Flatour	A flatterer.
Flattened	of Flatten
Flattening	of Flatten
Flatten	To reduce to an even surface or one approaching evenness; to make flat; to level; to make plane.
Flatten	To throw down; to bring to the ground; to prostrate; hence, to depress; to deject; to dispirit.
Flatten	To make vapid or insipid; to render stale.
Flatten	To lower the pitch of; to cause to sound less sharp; to let fall from the pitch.
Flatten	To become or grow flat, even, depressed dull, vapid, spiritless, or depressed below pitch.
Flatter	One who, or that which, makes flat or flattens.
Flatter	A flat-faced fulling hammer.
Flatter	A drawplate with a narrow, rectangular orifice, for drawing flat strips, as watch springs, etc.
Flattered	of Flatter
Flattering	of Flatter
Flatter	To treat with praise or blandishments; to gratify or attempt to gratify the self-love or vanity of, esp. by artful and interested commendation or attentions; to blandish; to cajole; to wheedle.
Flatter	To raise hopes in; to encourage or favorable, but sometimes unfounded or deceitful, representations.
Flatter	To portray too favorably; to give a too favorable idea of; as, his portrait flatters him.
Flatter	To use flattery or insincere praise.
Flatterer	One who flatters.
Flattering	That flatters (in the various senses of the verb); as, a flattering speech.
Flatteringly	With flattery.
Flatteries	of Flattery
Flattery	The act or practice of flattering; the act of pleasing by artiful commendation or compliments; adulation; false, insincere, or excessive praise.
Flatting	The process or operation of making flat, as a cylinder of glass by opening it out.
Flatting	A mode of painting,in which the paint, being mixed with turpentine, leaves the work without gloss.
Flatting	A method of preserving gilding unburnished, by touching with size.
Flatting	The process of forming metal into sheets by passing it between rolls.
Flattish	Somewhat flat.
Flatulence	Alt. of Flatlency
Flatlency	The state or quality of being flatulent.
Flatulent	Affected with flatus or gases generated in the alimentary canal; windy.
Flatulent	Generating, or tending to generate, wind in the stomach.
Flatulent	Turgid with flatus; as, a flatulent tumor.
Flatulent	Pretentious without substance or reality; puffy; empty; vain; as, a flatulent vanity.
Flatulently	In a flatulent manner; with flatulence.
Flatuosity	Flatulence.
Flatuous	Windy; generating wind.
Flatuses	of Flatus
Flatus	of Flatus
Flatus	A breath; a puff of wind.
Flatus	Wind or gas generated in the stomach or other cavities of the body.
Flatware	Articles for the table, as china or silverware, that are more or less flat, as distinguished from hollow ware.
Flatwise	With the flat side downward, or next to another object; not edgewise.
Flatworm	Any worm belonging to the Plathelminthes; also, sometimes applied to the planarians.
Flaundrish	Flemish.
Flaunted	of Flaunt
Flaunting	of Flaunt
Flaunt	To throw or spread out; to flutter; to move ostentatiously; as, a flaunting show.
Flaunt	To display ostentatiously; to make an impudent show of.
Flaunt	Anything displayed for show.
Flauntingly	In a flaunting way.
Flautist	A player on the flute; a flutist.
Flauto	A flute.
Flavaniline	A yellow, crystalline, organic dyestuff, C16H14N2, of artifical production. It is a strong base, and is a complex derivative of aniline and quinoline.
Flavescent	Turning yellow; yellowish.
Flavicomous	Having yellow hair.
Flavin	A yellow, vegetable dyestuff, resembling quercitron.
Flavine	A yellow, crystalline, organic base, C13H12N2O, obtained artificially.
Flavol	A yellow, crystalline substance, obtained from anthraquinone, and regarded as a hydroxyl derivative of it.
Flavor	That quality of anything which affects the smell; odor; fragrances; as, the flavor of a rose.
Flavor	That quality of anything which affects the taste; that quality which gratifies the palate; relish; zest; savor; as, the flavor of food or drink.
Flavor	That which imparts to anything a peculiar odor or taste, gratifying to the sense of smell, or the nicer perceptions of the palate; a substance which flavors.
Flavor	That quality which gives character to any of the productions of literature or the fine arts.
Flavored	of Flavor
Flavoring	of Flavor
Flavor	To give flavor to; to add something (as salt or a spice) to, to give character or zest.
Flavored	Having a distinct flavor; as, high-flavored wine.
Flavorles	Without flavor; tasteless.
Flavorous	Imparting flavor; pleasant to the taste or smell; sapid.
Flavous	Yellow.
Flaw	A crack or breach; a gap or fissure; a defect of continuity or cohesion; as, a flaw in a knife or a vase.
Flaw	A defect; a fault; as, a flaw in reputation; a flaw in a will, in a deed, or in a statute.
Flaw	A sudden burst of noise and disorder; a tumult; uproar; a quarrel.
Flaw	A sudden burst or gust of wind of short duration.
Flawed	of Flaw
Flawing	of Flaw
Flaw	To crack; to make flaws in.
Flaw	To break; to violate; to make of no effect.
Flawless	Free from flaws.
Flawn	A sort of flat custard or pie.
Flawter	To scrape o/ pare, as a skin.
Flawy	Full of flaws or cracks; broken; defective; faulty.
Flawy	Subject to sudden flaws or gusts of wind.
Flax	A plant of the genus Linum, esp. the L. usitatissimum, which has a single, slender stalk, about a foot and a half high, with blue flowers. The fiber of the bark is used for making thread and cloth, called linen, cambric, lawn, lace, etc. Linseed oil is expressed from the seed.
Flax	The skin or fibrous part of the flax plant, when broken and cleaned by hatcheling or combing.
Flaxen	Made of flax; resembling flax or its fibers; of the color of flax; of a light soft straw color; fair and flowing, like flax or tow; as, flaxen thread; flaxen hair.
Flax-plant	A plant in new Zealand (Phormium tenax), allied to the lilies and aloes. The leaves are two inches wide and several feet long, and furnish a fiber which is used for making ropes, mats, and coarse cloth.
Flaxseed	The seed of the flax; linseed.
Flaxweed	See Toadflax.
Flaxy	Like flax; flaxen.
Flayed	of Flay
Flaying	of Flay
Flay	To skin; to strip off the skin or surface of; as, to flay an ox; to flay the green earth.
Flayer	One who strips off the skin.
Flea	To flay.
Flea	An insect belonging to the genus Pulex, of the order Aphaniptera. Fleas are destitute of wings, but have the power of leaping energetically. The bite is poisonous to most persons. The human flea (Pulex irritans), abundant in Europe, is rare in America, where the dog flea (P. canis) takes its place. See Aphaniptera, and Dog flea. See Illustration in Appendix.
Fleabane	One of various plants, supposed to have efficacy in driving away fleas. They belong, for the most part, to the genera Conyza, Erigeron, and Pulicaria.
Flea-beetle	A small beetle of the family Halticidae, of many species. They have strong posterior legs and leap like fleas. The turnip flea-beetle (Phyllotreta vittata) and that of the grapevine (Graptodera chalybea) are common injurious species.
Flea-bite	The bite of a flea, or the red spot caused by the bite.
Flea-bite	A trifling wound or pain, like that of the bite of a flea.
Flea-bitten	Bitten by a flea; as, a flea-bitten face.
Flea-bitten	White, flecked with minute dots of bay or sorrel; -- said of the color of a horse.
Fleagh	imp. of Fly.
Fleak	A flake; a thread or twist.
Fleaking	A light covering of reeds, over which the main covering is laid, in thatching houses.
Flea-louse	A jumping plant louse of the family Psyllidae, of many species. That of the pear tree is Psylla pyri.
Fleam	A sharp instrument used for opening veins, lancing gums, etc.; a kind of lancet.
Fleamy	Bloody; clotted.
Flear	See Fleer.
Fleawort	An herb used in medicine (Plantago Psyllium), named from the shape of its seeds.
Fleche	A simple fieldwork, consisting of two faces forming a salient angle pointing outward and open at the gorge.
Fleck	A flake; also, a lock, as of wool.
Fleck	A spot; a streak; a speckle.
Flecked	of Fleck
Flecking	of Fleck
Fleck	To spot; to streak or stripe; to variegate; to dapple.
Flecker	To fleck.
Fleckless	Without spot or blame.
Flection	The act of bending, or state of being bent.
Flection	The variation of words by declension, comparison, or conjugation; inflection.
Flectional	Capable of, or pertaining to, flection or inflection.
Flector	A flexor.
Fled	imp. & p. p. of Flee.
Fledge	Feathered; furnished with feathers or wings; able to fly.
Fledged	of Fledge
Fledging	of Fledge
Fledge	To furnish with feathers; to supply with the feathers necessary for flight.
Fledge	To furnish or adorn with any soft covering.
Fledgeling	A young bird just fledged.
Fled	of Flee
Fleeing	of Flee
Flee	To run away, as from danger or evil; to avoid in an alarmed or cowardly manner; to hasten off; -- usually with from. This is sometimes omitted, making the verb transitive.
Fleece	The entire coat of wood that covers a sheep or other similar animal; also, the quantity shorn from a sheep, or animal, at one time.
Fleece	Any soft woolly covering resembling a fleece.
Fleece	The fine web of cotton or wool removed by the doffing knife from the cylinder of a carding machine.
Fleeced	of Fleece
Fleecing	of Fleece
Fleece	To deprive of a fleece, or natural covering of wool.
Fleece	To strip of money or other property unjustly, especially by trickery or fraud; to bring to straits by oppressions and exactions.
Fleece	To spread over as with wool.
Fleeced	Furnished with a fleece; as, a sheep is well fleeced.
Fleeced	Stripped of a fleece; plundered; robbed.
Fleeceless	Without a fleece.
Fleecer	One who fleeces or strips unjustly, especially by trickery or fraund.
Fleecy	Covered with, made of, or resembling, a fleece.
Fleen	Obs. pl. of Flea.
Fleer	One who flees.
Fleered	of Fleer
Fleering	of Fleer
Fleer	To make a wry face in contempt, or to grin in scorn; to deride; to sneer; to mock; to gibe; as, to fleer and flout.
Fleer	To grin with an air of civility; to leer.
Fleer	To mock; to flout at.
Flear	A word or look of derision or mockery.
Flear	A grin of civility; a leer.
Fleerer	One who fleers.
Fleeringly	In a fleering manner.
Fleeted	of Fleet
Fleeting	of Fleet
Fleet	To sail; to float.
Fleet	To fly swiftly; to pass over quickly; to hasten; to flit as a light substance.
Fleet	To slip on the whelps or the barrel of a capstan or windlass; -- said of a cable or hawser.
Fleet	To pass over rapidly; to skin the surface of; as, a ship that fleets the gulf.
Fleet	To hasten over; to cause to pass away lighty, or in mirth and joy.
Fleet	To draw apart the blocks of; -- said of a tackle.
Fleet	To cause to slip down the barrel of a capstan or windlass, as a rope or chain.
Fleet	Swift in motion; moving with velocity; light and quick in going from place to place; nimble.
Fleet	Light; superficially thin; not penetrating deep, as soil.
Fleet	A number of vessels in company, especially war vessels; also, the collective naval force of a country, etc.
Fleet	A flood; a creek or inlet; a bay or estuary; a river; -- obsolete, except as a place name, -- as Fleet Street in London.
Fleet	A former prison in London, which originally stood near a stream, the Fleet (now filled up).
Fleet	To take the cream from; to skim.
Fleeten	Fleeted or skimmed milk.
Fleet-foot	Swift of foot.
Fleeting	Passing swiftly away; not durable; transient; transitory; as, the fleeting hours or moments.
Fleetingly	In a fleeting manner; swiftly.
Fleetings	A mixture of buttermilk and boiling whey; curds.
Fleetly	In a fleet manner; rapidly.
Fleetness	Swiftness; rapidity; velocity; celerity; speed; as, the fleetness of a horse or of time.
Fleigh	imp. of Fly.
Fleme	To banish; to drive out; to expel.
Flemer	One who, or that which, banishes or expels.
Fleming	A native or inhabitant of Flanders.
Flemish	Pertaining to Flanders, or the Flemings.
Flemish	The language or dialect spoken by the Flemings; also, collectively, the people of Flanders.
Flench	Same as Flence.
Flense	To strip the blubber or skin from, as from a whale, seal, etc.
Flesh	The aggregate of the muscles, fat, and other tissues which cover the framework of bones in man and other animals; especially, the muscles.
Flesh	Animal food, in distinction from vegetable; meat; especially, the body of beasts and birds used as food, as distinguished from fish.
Flesh	The human body, as distinguished from the soul; the corporeal person.
Flesh	The human eace; mankind; humanity.
Flesh	Human nature
Flesh	In a good sense, tenderness of feeling; gentleness.
Flesh	In a bad sense, tendency to transient or physical pleasure; desire for sensual gratification; carnality.
Flesh	The character under the influence of animal propensities or selfish passions; the soul unmoved by spiritual influences.
Flesh	Kindred; stock; race.
Flesh	The soft, pulpy substance of fruit; also, that part of a root, fruit, and the like, which is fit to be eaten.
Fleshed	of Flesh
Fleshing	of Flesh
Flesh	To feed with flesh, as an incitement to further exertion; to initiate; -- from the practice of training hawks and dogs by feeding them with the first game they take, or other flesh. Hence, to use upon flesh (as a murderous weapon) so as to draw blood, especially for the first time.
Flesh	To glut; to satiate; hence, to harden, to accustom.
Flesh	To remove flesh, membrance, etc., from, as from hides.
Fleshed	Corpulent; fat; having flesh.
Fleshed	Glutted; satiated; initiated.
Flesher	A butcher.
Flesher	A two-handled, convex, blunt-edged knife, for scraping hides; a fleshing knife.
Fleshhood	The state or condition of having a form of flesh; incarnation.
Fleshiness	The state of being fleshy; plumpness; corpulence; grossness.
Fleshings	Flesh-colored tights, worn by actors dancers.
Fleshless	Destitute of flesh; lean.
Fleshliness	The state of being fleshly; carnal passions and appetites.
Fleshing	A person devoted to fleshly things.
Fleshly	Of or pertaining to the flesh; corporeal.
Fleshly	Animal; not/vegetable.
Fleshly	Human; not celestial; not spiritual or divine.
Fleshly	Carnal; wordly; lascivious.
Fleshly	In a fleshly manner; carnally; lasciviously.
Fleshment	The act of fleshing, or the excitement attending a successful beginning.
Fleshmonger	One who deals in flesh; hence, a pimp; a procurer; a pander.
Fleshpot	A pot or vessel in which flesh is cooked
Fleshpot	plenty; high living.
Fleshquake	A quaking or trembling of the flesh; a quiver.
Fleshy	Full of, or composed of, flesh; plump; corpulent; fat; gross.
Fleshy	Human.
Fleshy	Composed of firm pulp; succulent; as, the houseleek, cactus, and agave are fleshy plants.
Flet	Skimmed.
Fletched	of Fletch
Fletching	of Fletch
Fletch	To feather, as an arrow.
Fletcher	One who fletches of feathers arrows; a manufacturer of bows and arrows.
Flete	To float; to swim.
Fletiferous	Producing tears.
Fleurs-de-lis	of Fleur-de-lis
Fleur-de-lis	The iris. See Flower-de-luce.
Fleur-de-lis	A conventional flower suggested by the iris, and having a form which fits it for the terminal decoration of a scepter, the ornaments of a crown, etc. It is also a heraldic bearing, and is identified with the royal arms and adornments of France.
Fleury	Finished at the ends with fleurs-de-lis; -- said esp. of a cross so decorated.
Flew	imp. of Fly.
Flewed	Having large flews.
Flews	The pendulous or overhanging lateral parts of the upper lip of dogs, especially prominent in hounds; -- called also chaps. See Illust. of Bloodhound.
Flexed	of Flex
Flexing	of Flex
Flex	To bend; as, to flex the arm.
Flex	Flax.
Flexanimous	Having power to change the mind.
Flexibility	The state or quality of being flexible; flexibleness; pliancy; pliability; as, the flexibility of strips of hemlock, hickory, whalebone or metal, or of rays of light.
Flexible	Capable of being flexed or bent; admitting of being turned, bowed, or twisted, without breaking; pliable; yielding to pressure; not stiff or brittle.
Flexible	Willing or ready to yield to the influence of others; not invincibly rigid or obstinate; tractable; manageable; ductile; easy and compliant; wavering.
Flexible	Capable or being adapted or molded; plastic,; as, a flexible language.
Flexicostate	Having bent or curved ribs.
Flexile	Flexible; pliant; pliable; easily bent; plastic; tractable.
Flexion	The act of flexing or bending; a turning.
Flexion	A bending; a part bent; a fold.
Flexion	Syntactical change of form of words, as by declension or conjugation; inflection.
Flexion	The bending of a limb or joint; that motion of a joint which gives the distal member a continually decreasing angle with the axis of the proximal part; -- distinguished from extension.
Flexor	A muscle which bends or flexes any part; as, the flexors of the arm or the hand; -- opposed to extensor.
Flexuose	Flexuous.
Flexuous	Having turns, windings, or flexures.
Flexuous	Having alternate curvatures in opposite directions; bent in a zigzag manner.
Flexuous	Wavering; not steady; flickering.
Flexural	Of, pertaining to, or resulting from, flexure; of the nature of, or characterized by, flexure; as, flexural elasticity.
Flexure	The act of flexing or bending; a turning or curving; flexion; hence, obsequious bowing or bending.
Flexure	A turn; a bend; a fold; a curve.
Flexure	The last joint, or bend, of the wing of a bird.
Flexure	The small distortion of an astronomical instrument caused by the weight of its parts; the amount to be added or substracted from the observed readings of the instrument to correct them for this distortion.
Flibbergib	A sycophant.
Flibbertigibbet	An imp.
Flibustier	A buccaneer; an American pirate. See Flibuster.
Flicked	of Flick
Flicking	of Flick
Flick	To whip lightly or with a quick jerk; to flap; as, to flick a horse; to flick the dirt from boots.
Flick	A flitch; as, a flick of bacon.
Flickered	of Flicker
Flickering	of Flicker
Flicker	To flutter; to flap the wings without flying.
Flicker	To waver unsteadily, like a flame in a current of air, or when about to expire; as, the flickering light.
Flicker	The act of wavering or of fluttering; flucuation; sudden and brief increase of brightness; as, the last flicker of the dying flame.
Flicker	The golden-winged woodpecker (Colaptes aurutus); -- so called from its spring note. Called also yellow-hammer, high-holder, pigeon woodpecker, and yucca.
Flickeringly	In a flickering manner.
Flickermouse	See Flittermouse.
Flidge	Fledged; fledge.
Flidge	To become fledged; to fledge.
Flier	One who flies or flees; a runaway; a fugitive.
Flier	A fly. See Fly, n., 9, and 13 (b).
Flier	See Flyer, n., 5.
Flier	See Flyer, n., 4.
Flight	The act or flying; a passing through the air by the help of wings; volitation; mode or style of flying.
Flight	The act of fleeing; the act of running away, to escape or expected evil; hasty departure.
Flight	Lofty elevation and excursion;a mounting; a soa/ing; as, a flight of imagination, ambition, folly.
Flight	A number of beings or things passing through the air together; especially, a flock of birds flying in company; the birds that fly or migrate together; the birds produced in one season; as, a flight of arrows.
Flight	A series of steps or stairs from one landing to another.
Flight	A kind of arrow for the longbow; also, the sport of shooting with it. See Shaft.
Flight	The husk or glume of oats.
Flighted	Taking flight; flying; -- used in composition.
Flighted	Feathered; -- said of arrows.
Flighter	A horizontal vane revolving over the surface of wort in a cooler, to produce a circular current in the liquor.
Flightily	In a flighty manner.
Flightiness	The state or quality of being flighty.
Flight-shot	The distance to which an arrow or flight may be shot; bowshot, -- about the fifth of a mile.
Flighty	Fleeting; swift; transient.
Flighty	Indulging in flights, or wild and unrestrained sallies, of imagination, humor, caprice, etc.; given to disordered fancies and extravagant conduct; volatile; giddy; eccentric; slighty delirious.
Flimflam	A freak; a trick; a lie.
Flimsily	In a flimsy manner.
Flimsiness	The state or quality of being flimsy.
Flimsy	Weak; feeble; limp; slight; vain; without strength or solidity; of loose and unsubstantial structure; without reason or plausibility; as, a flimsy argument, excuse, objection.
Flimsy	Thin or transfer paper.
Flimsy	A bank note.
Flinched	of Flinch
Flinching	of Flinch
Flinch	To withdraw from any suffering or undertaking, from pain or danger; to fail in doing or perserving; to show signs of yielding or of suffering; to shrink; to wince; as, one of the parties flinched from the combat.
Flinch	To let the foot slip from a ball, when attempting to give a tight croquet.
Flinch	The act of flinching.
Flincher	One who flinches or fails.
Flinchingly	In a flinching manner.
Flindermouse	A bat; a flittermouse.
Flinders	Small pieces or splinters; fragments.
Flung	of Fling
Flinging	of Fling
Fling	To cast, send, to throw from the hand; to hurl; to dart; to emit with violence as if thrown from the hand; as, to fing a stone into the pond.
Fling	To shed forth; to emit; to scatter.
Fling	To throw; to hurl; to throw off or down; to prostrate; hence, to baffle; to defeat; as, to fling a party in litigation.
Fling	To throw; to wince; to flounce; as, the horse began to kick and fling.
Fling	To cast in the teeth; to utter abusive language; to sneer; as, the scold began to flout and fling.
Fling	To throw one's self in a violent or hasty manner; to rush or spring with violence or haste.
Fling	A cast from the hand; a throw; also, a flounce; a kick; as, the fling of a horse.
Fling	A severe or contemptuous remark; an expression of sarcastic scorn; a gibe; a sarcasm.
Fling	A kind of dance; as, the Highland fling.
Fling	A trifing matter; an object of contempt.
Flingdust	One who kicks up the dust; a streetwalker; a low manner.
Flinger	One who flings; one who jeers.
Flint	A massive, somewhat impure variety of quartz, in color usually of a gray to brown or nearly black, breaking with a conchoidal fracture and sharp edge. It is very hard, and strikes fire with steel.
Flint	A piece of flint for striking fire; -- formerly much used, esp. in the hammers of gun locks.
Flint	Anything extremely hard, unimpressible, and unyielding, like flint.
Flint glass	A soft, heavy, brilliant glass, consisting essentially of a silicate of lead and potassium. It is used for tableware, and for optical instruments, as prisms, its density giving a high degree of dispersive power; -- so called, because formerly the silica was obtained from pulverized flints. Called also crystal glass.  Cf. Glass.
Flint-hearted	Hard-hearted.
Flintiness	The state or quality of being flinty; hardness; cruelty.
Flintlock	A lock for a gun or pistol, having a flint fixed in the hammer, which on striking the steel ignites the priming.
Flintlock	A hand firearm fitted with a flintlock; esp., the old-fashioned musket of European and other armies.
Flintware	A superior kind of earthenware into whose composition flint enters largely.
Flintwood	An Australian name for the very hard wood of the Eucalyptus piluralis.
Flinty	Consisting of, composed of, abounding in, or resembling, flint; as, a flinty rock; flinty ground; a flinty heart.
Flip	A mixture of beer, spirit, etc., stirred and heated by a hot iron.
Flipped	of Flip
Flipping	of Flip
Flip	To toss or fillip; as, to flip up a cent.
Flipe	To turn inside out, or with the leg part back over the foot, as a stocking in pulling off or for putting on.
Flip-flap	The repeated stroke of something long and loose.
Flip-flap	With repeated strokes and noise, as of something long and loose.
Flippancy	The state or quality of being flippant.
Flippant	Of smooth, fluent, and rapid speech; speaking with ease and rapidity; having a voluble tongue; talkative.
Flippant	Speaking fluently and confidently, without knowledge or consideration; empty; trifling; inconsiderate; pert; petulant.
Flippant	A flippant person.
Flippantly	In a flippant manner.
Flippantness	State or quality of being flippant.
Flipper	A broad flat limb used for swimming, as those of seals, sea turtles, whales, etc.
Flipper	The hand.
Flirted	of Flirt
Flirting	of Flirt
Flirt	To throw with a jerk or quick effort; to fling suddenly; as, they flirt water in each other's faces; he flirted a glove, or a handkerchief.
Flirt	To toss or throw about; to move playfully to and fro; as, to flirt a fan.
Flirt	To jeer at; to treat with contempt; to mock.
Flirt	To run and dart about; to act with giddiness, or from a desire to attract notice; especially, to play the coquette; to play at courtship; to coquet; as, they flirt with the young men.
Flirt	To utter contemptuous language, with an air of disdain; to jeer or gibe.
Flirt	A sudden jerk; a quick throw or cast; a darting motion; hence, a jeer.
Flirt	One who flirts; esp., a woman who acts with giddiness, or plays at courtship; a coquette; a pert girl.
Flirt	Pert; wanton.
Flirtation	Playing at courtship; coquetry.
Flirt-gill	A woman of light behavior; a gill-flirt.
Flirtigig	A wanton, pert girl.
Flirtingly	In a flirting manner.
Flisk	To frisk; to skip; to caper.
Flisk	A caper; a spring; a whim.
Flitted	of Flit
Flitting	of Flit
Flit	To move with celerity through the air; to fly away with a rapid motion; to dart along; to fleet; as, a bird flits away; a cloud flits along.
Flit	To flutter; to rove on the wing.
Flit	To pass rapidly, as a light substance, from one place to another; to remove; to migrate.
Flit	To remove from one place or habitation to another.
Flit	To be unstable; to be easily or often moved.
Flit	Nimble; quick; swift. [Obs.] See Fleet.
Flitches	of Flitch
Flitch	The side of a hog salted and cured; a side of bacon.
Flitch	One of several planks, smaller timbers, or iron plates, which are secured together, side by side, to make a large girder or built beam.
Flitch	The outside piece of a sawed log; a slab.
Flite	To scold; to quarrel.
Flitter	To flutter.
Flitter	To flutter; to move quickly; as, to flitter the cards.
Flitter	A rag; a tatter; a small piece or fragment.
Flittermouse	A bat; -- called also flickermouse, flindermouse, and flintymouse.
Flittern	A term applied to the bark obtained from young oak trees.
Flittiness	Unsteadiness; levity; lightness.
Flitting	A flying with lightness and celerity; a fluttering.
Flitting	A removal from one habitation to another.
Flittingly	In a flitting manner.
Flitty	Unstable; fluttering.
Flix	Down; fur.
Flix	The flux; dysentery.
Flon	of Flo
Flo	An arrow.
Float	Anything which floats or rests on the surface of a fluid, as to sustain weight, or to indicate the height of the surface, or mark the place of, something.
Float	A mass of timber or boards fastened together, and conveyed down a stream by the current; a raft.
Float	The hollow, metallic ball of a self-acting faucet, which floats upon the water in a cistern or boiler.
Float	The cork or quill used in angling, to support the bait line, and indicate the bite of a fish.
Float	Anything used to buoy up whatever is liable to sink; an inflated bag or pillow used by persons learning to swim; a life preserver.
Float	A float board. See Float board (below).
Float	A contrivance for affording a copious stream of water to the heated surface of an object of large bulk, as an anvil or die.
Float	The act of flowing; flux; flow.
Float	A quantity of earth, eighteen feet square and one foot deep.
Float	The trowel or tool with which the floated coat of plastering is leveled and smoothed.
Float	A polishing block used in marble working; a runner.
Float	A single-cut file for smoothing; a tool used by shoemakers for rasping off pegs inside a shoe.
Float	A coal cart.
Float	The sea; a wave. See Flote, n.
Floated	of Float
Floating	of Float
Float	To rest on the surface of any fluid; to swim; to be buoyed up.
Float	To move quietly or gently on the water, as a raft; to drift along; to move or glide without effort or impulse on the surface of a fluid, or through the air.
Float	To cause to float; to cause to rest or move on the surface of a fluid; as, the tide floated the ship into the harbor.
Float	To flood; to overflow; to cover with water.
Float	To pass over and level the surface of with a float while the plastering is kept wet.
Float	To support and sustain the credit of, as a commercial scheme or a joint-stock company, so as to enable it to go into, or continue in, operation.
Floatable	That may be floated.
Floatage	Same as Flotage.
Floatation	See Flotation.
Floater	One who floats or swims.
Floater	A float for indicating the height of a liquid surface.
Floating	Buoyed upon or in a fluid; a, the floating timbers of a wreck; floating motes in the air.
Floating	Free or lose from the usual attachment; as, the floating ribs in man and some other animals.
Floating	Not funded; not fixed, invested, or determined; as, floating capital; a floating debt.
Floating	Floating threads. See Floating threads, above.
Floating	The second coat of three-coat plastering.
Floatingly	In a floating manner.
Floaty	Swimming on the surface; buoyant; light.
Flobert	A small cartridge designed for target shooting; -- sometimes called ball cap.
Floccillation	A delirious picking of bedclothes by a sick person, as if to pick off flocks of wool; carphology; -- an alarming symptom in acute diseases.
Floccose	Spotted with small tufts like wool.
Floccose	Having tufts of soft hairs, which are often deciduous.
Floccular	Of or pertaining to the flocculus.
Flocculated	of Flocculate
Flocculating	of Flocculate
Flocculate	To aggregate into small lumps.
Flocculate	Furnished with tufts of curly hairs, as some insects.
Flocculation	The process by which small particles of fine soils and sediments aggregate into larger lumps.
Flocculence	The state of being flocculent.
Flocculent	Clothed with small flocks or flakes; woolly.
Flocculent	Applied to the down of newly hatched or unfledged birds.
Flocculi	of Flocculus
Flocculus	A small lobe in the under surface of the cerebellum, near the middle peduncle; the subpeduncular lobe.
Flocci	of Floccus
Floccus	The tuft of hair terminating the tail of mammals.
Floccus	A tuft of feathers on the head of young birds.
Floccus	A woolly filament sometimes occuring with the sporules of certain fungi.
Flock	A company or collection of living creatures; -- especially applied to sheep and birds, rarely to persons or (except in the plural) to cattle and other large animals; as, a flock of ravenous fowl.
Flock	A Christian church or congregation; considered in their relation to the pastor, or minister in charge.
Flocked	of Flock
Flocking	of Flock
Flock	To gather in companies or crowds.
Flock	To flock to; to crowd.
Flock	A lock of wool or hair.
Flock	Woolen or cotton refuse (sing. / pl.), old rags, etc., reduced to a degree of fineness by machinery, and used for stuffing unpholstered furniture.
Flock	Very fine, sifted, woolen refuse, especially that from shearing the nap of cloths, used as a coating for wall paper to give it a velvety or clothlike appearance; also, the dust of vegetable fiber used for a similar purpose.
Flock	To coat with flock, as wall paper; to roughen the surface of (as glass) so as to give an appearance of being covered with fine flock.
Flockling	A lamb.
Flockly	In flocks; in crowds.
Flockmel	In a flock; in a body.
Flocky	Abounding with flocks; floccose.
Floe	A low, flat mass of floating ice.
Flogged	of Flog
Flogging	of Flog
Flog	To beat or strike with a rod or whip; to whip; to lash; to chastise with repeated blows.
Flogger	One who flogs.
Flogger	A kind of mallet for beating the bung stave of a cask to start the bung.
Flogging	from Flog, v. t.
Flon	See Flo.
Flong	imp. & p. p. of Fling.
Flood	A great flow of water; a body of moving water; the flowing stream, as of a river; especially, a body of water, rising, swelling, and overflowing land not usually thus covered; a deluge; a freshet; an inundation.
Flood	The flowing in of the tide; the semidiurnal swell or rise of water in the ocean; -- opposed to ebb; as, young flood; high flood.
Flood	A great flow or stream of any fluid substance; as, a flood of light; a flood of lava; hence, a great quantity widely diffused; an overflowing; a superabundance; as, a flood of bank notes; a flood of paper currency.
Flood	Menstrual disharge; menses.
Flooded	of Flood
Flooding	of Flood
Flood	To overflow; to inundate; to deluge; as, the swollen river flooded the valley.
Flood	To cause or permit to be inundated; to fill or cover with water or other fluid; as, to flood arable land for irrigation; to fill to excess or to its full capacity; as, to flood a country with a depreciated currency.
Floodage	Inundation.
Flooder	One who floods anything.
Flooding	The filling or covering with water or other fluid; overflow; inundation; the filling anything to excess.
Flooding	An abnormal or excessive discharge of blood from the uterus.
Flook	A fluke of an anchor.
Flookan	Alt. of Flukan
Flukan	See Flucan.
Flooky	Fluky.
Floor	The bottom or lower part of any room; the part upon which we stand and upon which the movables in the room are supported.
Floor	The structure formed of beams, girders, etc., with proper covering, which divides a building horizontally into stories. Floor in sense 1 is, then, the upper surface of floor in sense 2.
Floor	The surface, or the platform, of a structure on which we walk or travel; as, the floor of a bridge.
Floor	A story of a building. See Story.
Floor	The part of the house assigned to the members.
Floor	The right to speak.
Floor	That part of the bottom of a vessel on each side of the keelson which is most nearly horizontal.
Floor	The rock underlying a stratified or nearly horizontal deposit.
Floor	A horizontal, flat ore body.
Floored	of Floor
Flooring	of Floor
Floor	To cover with a floor; to furnish with a floor; as, to floor a house with pine boards.
Floor	To strike down or lay level with the floor; to knock down; hence, to silence by a conclusive answer or retort; as, to floor an opponent.
Floor	To finish or make an end of; as, to floor a college examination.
Floorage	Floor space.
Floorer	Anything that floors or upsets a person, as a blow that knocks him down; a conclusive answer or retort; a task that exceeds one's abilities.
Floorheads	The upper extermities of the floor of a vessel.
Flooring	A platform; the bottom of a room; a floor; pavement. See Floor, n.
Flooring	Material for the construction of a floor or floors.
Floorless	Having no floor.
Floorwalker	One who walks about in a large retail store as an overseer and director.
Flopped	of Flop
Flopping	of Flop
Flop	To clap or strike, as a bird its wings, a fish its tail, etc.; to flap.
Flop	To turn suddenly, as something broad and flat.
Flop	To strike about with something broad abd flat, as a fish with its tail, or a bird with its wings; to rise and fall; as, the brim of a hat flops.
Flop	To fall, sink, or throw one's self, heavily, clumsily, and unexpectedly on the ground.
Flop	Act of flopping.
Floppy	Having a tendency to flop or flap; as, a floppy hat brim.
Flopwing	The lapwing.
Flora	The goddess of flowers and spring.
Flora	The complete system of vegetable species growing without cultivation in a given locality, region, or period; a list or description of, or treatise on, such plants.
Floral	Pertaining to Flora, or to flowers; made of flowers; as, floral games, wreaths.
Floral	Containing, or belonging to, a flower; as, a floral bud; a floral leaf; floral characters.
Florally	In a floral manner.
Floramour	The plant love-lies-bleeding.
Floran	Tin ore scarcely perceptible in the stone; tin ore stamped very fine.
Floreal	The eight month of the French republican calendar. It began April 20, and ended May 19. See Vendemiare.
Floren	A cerain gold coin; a Florence.
Florence	An ancient gold coin of the time of Edward III., of six shillings sterling value.
Florence	A kind of cloth.
Florentine	Belonging or relating to Florence, in Italy.
Florentine	A native or inhabitant of Florence, a city in Italy.
Florentine	A kind of silk.
Florentine	A kind of pudding or tart; a kind of meat pie.
Florescence	A bursting into flower; a blossoming.
Florescent	Expanding into flowers; blossoming.
Floret	A little flower; one of the numerous little flowers which compose the head or anthodium in such flowers as the daisy, thistle, and dandelion.
Floret	A foil; a blunt sword used in fencing.
Floriage	Bloom; blossom.
Floriated	Having floral ornaments; as, floriated capitals of Gothic pillars.
Floricomous	Having the head adorned with flowers.
Floricultural	Pertaining to the cultivation of flowering plants.
Floriculture	The cultivation of flowering plants.
Floriculturist	One skilled in the cultivation of flowers; a florist.
Florid	Covered with flowers; abounding in flowers; flowery.
Florid	Bright in color; flushed with red; of a lively reddish color; as, a florid countenance.
Florid	Embellished with flowers of rhetoric; enriched to excess with figures; excessively ornate; as, a florid style; florid eloquence.
Florid	Flowery; ornamental; running in rapid melodic figures, divisions, or passages, as in variations; full of fioriture or little ornamentations.
Florida bean	The large, roundish, flattened seed of Mucuna urens. See under Bean.
Florida bean	One of the very large seeds of the Entada scandens.
Florideae	A subclass of algae including all the red or purplish seaweeds; the Rhodospermeae of many authors; -- so called from the rosy or florid color of most of the species.
Floridity	The quality of being florid; floridness.
Floridly	In a florid manner.
Floridness	The quality of being florid.
Floriferous	Producing flowers.
Florification	The act, process, or time of flowering; florescence.
Floriform	Having the form of a flower; flower-shaped.
Floriken	An Indian bustard (Otis aurita). The Bengal floriken is Sypheotides Bengalensis.
Florilege	The act of gathering flowers.
Florimer	See Floramour.
Florin	A silver coin of Florence, first struck in the twelfth century, and noted for its beauty. The name is given to different coins in different countries. The florin of England, first minted in 1849, is worth two shillings, or about 48 cents; the florin of the Netherlands, about 40 cents; of Austria, about 36 cents.
Florist	A cultivator of, or dealer in, flowers.
Florist	One who writes a flora, or an account of plants.
Floroon	A border worked with flowers.
Florulent	Flowery; blossoming.
Floscular	Flosculous.
Floscularian	One of a group of stalked rotifers, having ciliated tentacles around the lobed disk.
Floscule	A floret.
Flosculous	Consisting of many gamopetalous florets.
Flos-ferri	A variety of aragonite, occuring in delicate white coralloidal forms; -- common in beds of iron ore.
Flosh	A hopper-shaped box or /nortar in which ore is placed for the action of the stamps.
Floss	The slender styles of the pistillate flowers of maize; also called silk.
Floss	Untwisted filaments of silk, used in embroidering.
Floss	A small stream of water.
Floss	Fluid glass floating on iron in the puddling furnace, produced by the vitrification of oxides and earths which are present.
Flossification	A flowering; florification.
Flossy	Pertaining to, made of, or resembling, floss; hence, light; downy.
Flota	A fleet; especially, a /eet of Spanish ships which formerly sailed every year from Cadiz to Vera Cruz, in Mexico, to transport to Spain the production of Spanish America.
Flotage	The state of floating.
Flotage	That which floats on the sea or in rivers.
Flotant	Represented as flying or streaming in the air; as, a banner flotant.
Flotation	The act, process, or state of floating.
Flotation	The science of floating bodies.
Flote	To fleet; to skim.
Flote	A wave.
Flotery	Wavy; flowing.
Flotilla	A little fleet, or a fleet of small vessels.
Flotsam	Alt. of Flotson
Flotson	Goods lost by shipwreck, and floating on the sea; -- in distinction from jetsam or jetson.
Flotten	Skimmed.
Flounced	of Flounce
Flouncing	of Flounce
Flounce	To throw the limbs and body one way and the other; to spring, turn, or twist with sudden effort or violence; to struggle, as a horse in mire; to flounder; to throw one's self with a jerk or spasm, often as in displeasure.
Flounce	The act of floucing; a sudden, jerking motion of the body.
Flounce	An ornamental appendage to the skirt of a woman's dress, consisting of a strip gathered and sewed on by its upper edge around the skirt, and left hanging.
Flounce	To deck with a flounce or flounces; as, to flounce a petticoat or a frock.
Flounder	A flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae, of many species.
Flounder	A tool used in crimping boot fronts.
Floundered	of Flounder
Floundering	of Flounder
Flounder	To fling the limbs and body, as in making efforts to move; to struggle, as a horse in the mire, or as a fish on land; to roll, toss, and tumble; to flounce.
Flounder	The act of floundering.
Flour	The finely ground meal of wheat, or of any other grain; especially, the finer part of meal separated by bolting; hence, the fine and soft powder of any substance; as, flour of emery; flour of mustard.
Floured	of Flour
Flouring	of Flour
Flour	To grind and bolt; to convert into flour; as, to flour wheat.
Flour	To sprinkle with flour.
Floured	Finely granulated; -- said of quicksilver which has been granulated by agitation during the amalgamation process.
Flourished	of Flourish
Flourishing	of Flourish
Flourish	To grow luxuriantly; to increase and enlarge, as a healthy growing plant; a thrive.
Flourish	To be prosperous; to increase in wealth, honor, comfort, happiness, or whatever is desirable; to thrive; to be prominent and influental; specifically, of authors, painters, etc., to be in a state of activity or production.
Flourish	To use florid language; to indulge in rhetorical figures and lofty expressions; to be flowery.
Flourish	To make bold and sweeping, fanciful, or wanton movements, by way of ornament, parade, bravado, etc.; to play with fantastic and irregular motion.
Flourish	To make ornamental strokes with the pen; to write graceful, decorative figures.
Flourish	To execute an irregular or fanciful strain of music, by way of ornament or prelude.
Flourish	To boast; to vaunt; to brag.
Flourish	To adorn with flowers orbeautiful figures, either natural or artificial; to ornament with anything showy; to embellish.
Flourish	To embellish with the flowers of diction; to adorn with rhetorical figures; to grace with ostentatious eloquence; to set off with a parade of words.
Flourish	To move in bold or irregular figures; to swing about in circles or vibrations by way of show or triumph; to brandish.
Flourish	To develop; to make thrive; to expand.
Flourishes	of Flourish
Flourish	A flourishing condition; prosperity; vigor.
Flourish	Decoration; ornament; beauty.
Flourish	Something made or performed in a fanciful, wanton, or vaunting manner, by way of ostentation, to excite admiration, etc.; ostentatious embellishment; ambitious copiousness or amplification; parade of words and figures; show; as, a flourish of rhetoric or of wit.
Flourish	A fanciful stroke of the pen or graver; a merely decorative figure.
Flourish	A fantastic or decorative musical passage; a strain of triumph or bravado, not forming part of a regular musical composition; a cal; a fanfare.
Flourish	The waving of a weapon or other thing; a brandishing; as, the flourish of a sword.
Flourisher	One who flourishes.
Flourishingly	In a flourishing manner; ostentatiously.
Floury	Of or resembling flour; mealy; covered with flour.
Flouted	of Flout
Flouting	of Flout
Flout	To mock or insult; to treat with contempt.
Flout	To practice mocking; to behave with contempt; to sneer; to fleer; -- often with at.
Flout	A mock; an insult.
Flouter	One who flouts; a mocker.
Floutingly	With flouting; insultingly; as, to treat a lover floutingly.
Flow	imp. sing. of Fly, v. i.
Flowed	of Flow
Flowing	of Flow
Flow	To move with a continual change of place among the particles or parts, as a fluid; to change place or circulate, as a liquid; as, rivers flow from springs and lakes; tears flow from the eyes.
Flow	To become liquid; to melt.
Flow	To proceed; to issue forth; as, wealth flows from industry and economy.
Flow	To glide along smoothly, without harshness or asperties; as, a flowing period; flowing numbers; to sound smoothly to the ear; to be uttered easily.
Flow	To have or be in abundance; to abound; to full, so as to run or flow over; to be copious.
Flow	To hang loose and waving; as, a flowing mantle; flowing locks.
Flow	To rise, as the tide; -- opposed to ebb; as, the tide flows twice in twenty-four hours.
Flow	To discharge blood in excess from the uterus.
Flow	To cover with water or other liquid; to overflow; to inundate; to flood.
Flow	To cover with varnish.
Flow	A stream of water or other fluid; a current; as, a flow of water; a flow of blood.
Flow	A continuous movement of something abundant; as, a flow of words.
Flow	Any gentle, gradual movement or procedure of thought, diction, music, or the like, resembling the quiet, steady movement of a river; a stream.
Flow	The tidal setting in of the water from the ocean to the shore. See Ebb and flow, under Ebb.
Flow	A low-lying piece of watery land; -- called also flow moss and flow bog.
Flowage	An overflowing with water; also, the water which thus overflows.
Flowen	imp. pl. of Fly, v. i.
Flower	In the popular sense, the bloom or blossom of a plant; the showy portion, usually of a different color, shape, and texture from the foliage.
Flower	That part of a plant destined to produce seed, and hence including one or both of the sexual organs; an organ or combination of the organs of reproduction, whether inclosed by a circle of foliar parts or not. A complete flower consists of two essential parts, the stamens and the pistil, and two floral envelopes, the corolla and callyx. In mosses the flowers consist of a few special leaves surrounding or subtending organs called archegonia. See Blossom, and Corolla.
Flower	The fairest, freshest, and choicest part of anything; as, the flower of an army, or of a family; the state or time of freshness and bloom; as, the flower of life, that is, youth.
Flower	Grain pulverized; meal; flour.
Flower	A substance in the form of a powder, especially when condensed from sublimation; as, the flowers of sulphur.
Flower	A figure of speech; an ornament of style.
Flower	Ornamental type used chiefly for borders around pages, cards, etc.
Flower	Menstrual discharges.
Flowered	of Flower
Flowering	of Flower
Flower	To blossom; to bloom; to expand the petals, as a plant; to produce flowers; as, this plant flowers in June.
Flower	To come into the finest or fairest condition.
Flower	To froth; to ferment gently, as new beer.
Flower	To come off as flowers by sublimation.
Flower	To embellish with flowers; to adorn with imitated flowers; as, flowered silk.
Flowerage	State of flowers; flowers, collectively or in general.
Flower-de-luce	A genus of perennial herbs (Iris) with swordlike leaves and large three-petaled flowers often of very gay colors, but probably white in the plant first chosen for the royal French emblem.
Flowerer	A plant which flowers or blossoms.
Floweret	A small flower; a floret.
Flower-fence	A tropical leguminous bush (Poinciana, / Caesalpinia, pulcherrima) with prickly branches, and showy yellow or red flowers; -- so named from its having been sometimes used for hedges in the West Indies.
Flowerful	Abounding with flowers.
Flower-gentle	A species of amaranth (Amarantus melancholicus).
Floweriness	The state of being flowery.
Flowering	Having conspicuous flowers; -- used as an epithet with many names of plants; as, flowering ash; flowering dogwood; flowering almond, etc.
Flowering	The act of blossoming, or the season when plants blossom; florification.
Flowering	The act of adorning with flowers.
Flowerless	Having no flowers.
Flowerlessness	State of being without flowers.
Flowerpot	A vessel, commonly or earthenware, for earth in which plants are grown.
Flowery	Full of flowers; abounding with blossoms.
Flowery	Highly embellished with figurative language; florid; as, a flowery style.
Flowery-kirtled	Dressed with garlands of flowers.
Flowing	That flows or for flowing (in various sense of the verb); gliding along smoothly; copious.
Flowing	a. & n. from Flow, v. i. & t.
Flowingly	In a flowing manner.
Flowingness	Flowing tendency or quality; fluency.
Flowk	See 1st Fluke.
Flown	p. p. of Fly; -- often used with the auxiliary verb to be; as, the birds are flown.
Flown	Flushed, inflated.
Floxed silk	See Floss silk, under Floss.
Floyte	A variant of Flute.
Fluate	A fluoride.
Fluavil	A hydrocarbon extracted from gutta-percha, as a yellow, resinous substance; -- called also fluanil.
Flucan	Soft clayey matter in the vein, or surrounding it.
Fluctiferous	Tending to produce waves.
Fluctisonous	Sounding like waves.
Fluctuability	The capacity or ability to fluctuate.
Fluctuant	Moving like a wave; wavering
Fluctuant	showing undulation or fluctuation; as, a fluctuant tumor.
Fluctuant	Floating on the waves.
Fluctuated	of Fluctuate
Fluctuating	of Fluctuate
Fluctuate	To move as a wave; to roll hither and thither; to wave; to float backward and forward, as on waves; as, a fluctuating field of air.
Fluctuate	To move now in one direction and now in another; to be wavering or unsteady; to be irresolute or undetermined; to vacillate.
Fluctuate	To cause to move as a wave; to put in motion.
Fluctuation	A motion like that of waves; a moving in this and that direction; as, the fluctuations of the sea.
Fluctuation	A wavering; unsteadiness; as, fluctuations of opinion; fluctuations of prices.
Fluctuation	The motion or undulation of a fluid collected in a natural or artifical cavity, which is felt when it is subjected to pressure or percussion.
Flue	An inclosed passage way for establishing and directing a current of air, gases, etc.; an air passage
Flue	A compartment or division of a chimney for conveying flame and smoke to the outer air.
Flue	A passage way for conducting a current of fresh, foul, or heated air from one place to another.
Flue	A pipe or passage for conveying flame and hot gases through surrounding water in a boiler; -- distinguished from a tube which holds water and is surrounded by fire. Small flues are called fire tubes or simply tubes.
Flue	Light down, such as rises from cotton, fur, etc.; very fine lint or hair.
Fluence	Fluency.
Fluency	The quality of being fluent; smoothness; readiness of utterance; volubility.
Fluent	Flowing or capable of flowing; liquid; glodding; easily moving.
Fluent	Ready in the use of words; voluble; copious; having words at command; and uttering them with facility and smoothness; as, a fluent speaker; hence, flowing; voluble; smooth; -- said of language; as, fluent speech.
Fluent	A current of water; a stream.
Fluent	A variable quantity, considered as increasing or diminishing; -- called, in the modern calculus, the function or integral.
Fluently	In a fluent manner.
Fluentness	The quality of being fluent.
Fluework	A general name for organ stops in which the sound is caused by wind passing through a flue or fissure and striking an edge above; -- in distinction from reedwork.
Fluey	Downy; fluffy.
Fluff	Nap or down; flue; soft, downy feathers.
Fluffy	Pertaining to, or resembling, fluff or nap; soft and downy.
Flugel	A grand piano or a harpsichord, both being wing-shaped.
Flugelman	Same as Fugleman.
Fluid	Having particles which easily move and change their relative position without a separation of the mass, and which easily yield to pressure; capable of flowing; liquid or gaseous.
Fluid	A fluid substance; a body whose particles move easily among themselves.
Fluidal	Pertaining to a fluid, or to its flowing motion.
Fluinity	The quality of being fluid or capable of flowing; a liquid, aeriform. or gaseous state; -- opposed to solidity.
Fluidized	of Fluidize
Fluidizing	of Fluidize
Fluidize	To render fluid.
Fluidness	The state of being flluid; fluidity.
Fluidounce	See Fluid ounce, under Fluid.
Fluidrachm	See Fluid dram, under Fluid.
Flukan	Flucan.
Fluke	The European flounder.  See Flounder.
Fluke	A parasitic trematode worm of several species, having a flat, lanceolate body and two suckers.  Two species (Fasciola hepatica and Distoma lanceolatum) are found in the livers of sheep, and produce the disease called rot.
Fluke	The part of an anchor which fastens in the ground; a flook. See Anchor.
Fluke	One of the lobes of a whale's tail, so called from the resemblance to the fluke of an anchor.
Fluke	An instrument for cleaning out a hole drilled in stone for blasting.
Fluke	An accidental and favorable stroke at billiards (called a scratch in the United States); hence, any accidental or unexpected advantage; as, he won by a fluke.
Flukeworm	Same as 1st Fluke, 2.
Fluky	Formed like, or having, a fluke.
Flume	A stream; especially, a passage channel, or conduit for the water that drives a mill wheel; or an artifical channel of water for hydraulic or placer mining; also, a chute for conveying logs or lumber down a declivity.
Fluminous	Pertaining to rivers; abounding in streama.
Flummery	A light kind of food, formerly made of flour or meal; a sort of pap.
Flummery	Something insipid, or not worth having; empty compliment; trash; unsubstantial talk of writing.
Flung	imp. & p. p. of Fling.
Flunked	of Flunk
Flunking	of Flunk
Flunk	To fail, as on a lesson; to back out, as from an undertaking, through fear.
Flunk	To fail in; to shirk, as a task or duty.
Flunk	A failure or backing out
Flunk	a total failure in a recitation.
Flunkies	of Flunky
Flunky	A contemptuous name for a liveried servant or a footman.
Flunky	One who is obsequious or cringing; a snob.
Flunky	One easily deceived in buying stocks; an inexperienced and unwary jobber.
Flunkydom	The place or region of flunkies.
Flunlyism	The quality or characteristics of a flunky; readiness to cringe to those who are superior in wealth or position; toadyism.
Fluo-	A combining form indicating fluorine as an ingredient; as in fluosilicate, fluobenzene.
Fluoborate	A salt of fluoboric acid; a fluoboride.
Fluoboric	Pertaining to, derived from, or consisting of, fluorine and boron.
Fluoboride	See Borofluoride.
Fluocerine	Alt. of Fluocerite
Fluocerite	A fluoride of cerium, occuring near Fahlun in Sweden. Tynosite, from Colorado, is probably the same mineral.
Fluohydric	See Hydrofluoric.
Fluophosphate	A double salt of fluoric and phosphoric acids.
Fluor	A fluid state.
Fluor	Menstrual flux; catamenia; menses.
Fluor	See Fluorite.
Fluor albus	The whites; leucorrhaea.
Fluoranthene	A white crystalline hydrocarbon C/H/, of a complex structure, found as one ingrdient of the higher boiling portion of coal tar.
Fluorated	Combined with fluorine; subjected to the action of fluoride.
Fluorene	A colorless, crystalline hydrocarbon, C13H10 having a beautiful violet fluorescence; whence its name. It occurs in the higher boiling products of coal tar, and is obtained artificially.
Fluorescein	A yellowish red, crystalline substance, C20H12O5, produced by heating together phthalic anhydride and resorcin; -- so called, from the very brilliant yellowish green fluorescence of its alkaline solutions. It has acid properties, and its salts of the alkalies are known to the trade under the name of uranin.
Fluorescence	That property which some transparent bodies have of producing at their surface, or within their substance, light different in color from the mass of the material, as when green crystals of fluor spar afford blue reflections. It is due not to the difference in the color of a distinct surface layer, but to the power which the substance has of modifying the light incident upon it. The light emitted by fluorescent substances is in general of lower refrangibility than the incident light.
Fluorescent	Having the property of fluorescence.
Fluorescin	A colorless, amorphous substance which is produced by the reduction of fluorescein, and from which the latter may be formed by oxidation.
Fluoric	Pertaining to, obtained from, or containing, fluorine.
Fluoride	A binary compound of fluorine with another element or radical.
Fluorine	A non-metallic, gaseous element, strongly acid or negative, or associated with chlorine, bromine, and iodine, in the halogen group of which it is the first member. It always occurs combined, is very active chemically, and possesses such an avidity for most elements, and silicon especially, that it can neither be prepared nor kept in glass vessels. If set free it immediately attacks the containing material, so that it was not isolated until 1886. It is a pungent, corrosive, colorless gas. Symbol F. Atomic weight 19.
Fluorite	Calcium fluoride, a mineral of many different colors, white, yellow, purple, green, red, etc., often very beautiful, crystallizing commonly in cubes with perfect octahedral cleavage; also massive. It is used as a flux. Some varieties are used for ornamental vessels. Also called fluor spar, or simply fluor.
Fluoroid	A tetrahexahedron; -- so called because it is a common form of fluorite.
Fluoroscope	An instrument for observing or exhibiting fluorescence.
Fluorous	Pertaining to fluor.
Fluor spar	See Fluorite.
Fluosilicate	A double fluoride of silicon and some other (usually basic) element or radical, regarded as a salt of fluosilicic acid; -- called also silicofluoride.
Fluosilicic	Composed of, or derived from, silicon and fluorine.
Flurried	Agitated; excited.
Flurries	of Flurry
Flurry	A sudden and brief blast or gust; a light, temporary breeze; as, a flurry of wind.
Flurry	A light shower or snowfall accompanied with wind.
Flurry	Violent agitation; commotion; bustle; hurry.
Flurry	The violent spasms of a dying whale.
Flurried	of Flurry
Flurrying	of Flurry
Flurry	To put in a state of agitation; to excite or alarm.
Flurt	A flirt.
Flushed	of Flush
Flushing	of Flush
Flush	To flow and spread suddenly; to rush; as, blood flushes into the face.
Flush	To become suddenly suffused, as the cheeks; to turn red; to blush.
Flush	To snow red; to shine suddenly; to glow.
Flush	To start up suddenly; to take wing as a bird.
Flush	To cause to be full; to flood; to overflow; to overwhelm with water; as, to flush the meadows; to flood for the purpose of cleaning; as, to flush a sewer.
Flush	To cause the blood to rush into (the face); to put to the blush, or to cause to glow with excitement.
Flush	To make suddenly or temporarily red or rosy, as if suffused with blood.
Flush	To excite; to animate; to stir.
Flush	To cause to start, as a hunter a bird.
Flush	A sudden flowing; a rush which fills or overflows, as of water for cleansing purposes.
Flush	A suffusion of the face with blood, as from fear, shame, modesty, or intensity of feeling of any kind; a blush; a glow.
Flush	Any tinge of red color like that produced on the cheeks by a sudden rush of blood; as, the flush on the side of a peach; the flush on the clouds at sunset.
Flush	A sudden flood or rush of feeling; a thrill of excitement. animation, etc.; as, a flush of joy.
Flush	A flock of birds suddenly started up or flushed.
Flush	A hand of cards of the same suit.
Flush	Full of vigor; fresh; glowing; bright.
Flush	Affluent; abounding; well furnished or suppled; hence, liberal; prodigal.
Flush	Unbroken or even in surface; on a level with the adjacent surface; forming a continuous surface; as, a flush panel; a flush joint.
Flush	Consisting of cards of one suit.
Flush	So as to be level or even.
Flushboard	Same as Flashboard.
Flusher	A workman employed in cleaning sewers by flushing them with water.
Flusher	The red-backed shrike. See Flasher.
Flushing	A heavy, coarse cloth manufactured from shoddy; -- commonly in the /
Flushing	A surface formed of floating threads.
Flushingly	In a flushing manner.
Flushness	The state of being flush; abundance.
Flustered	of Fluster
Flustering	of Fluster
Fluster	To make hot and rosy, as with drinking; to heat; hence, to throw into agitation and confusion; to confuse; to muddle.
Fluster	To be in a heat or bustle; to be agitated and confused.
Fluster	Heat or glow, as from drinking; agitation mingled with confusion; disorder.
Flusteration	The act of flustering, or the state of being flustered; fluster.
Flustrate	To fluster.
Flustration	The act of flustrating; confusion; flurry.
Flute	A musical wind instrument, consisting of a hollow cylinder or pipe, with holes along its length, stopped by the fingers or by keys which are opened by the fingers. The modern flute is closed at the upper end, and blown with the mouth at a lateral hole.
Flute	A channel of curved section; -- usually applied to one of a vertical series of such channels used to decorate columns and pilasters in classical architecture. See Illust. under Base, n.
Flute	A similar channel or groove made in wood or other material, esp. in plaited cloth, as in a lady's ruffle.
Flute	A long French breakfast roll.
Flute	A stop in an organ, having a flutelike sound.
Flute	A kind of flyboat; a storeship.
Flute	To play on, or as on, a flute; to make a flutelike sound.
Fluted	of Flute
Fluting	of Flute
Flute	To play, whistle, or sing with a clear, soft note, like that of a flute.
Flute	To form flutes or channels in, as in a column, a ruffle, etc.
Flute a bec	A beak flute, an older form of the flute, played with a mouthpiece resembling a beak, and held like a flageolet.
Fluted	Thin; fine; clear and mellow; flutelike; as, fluted notes.
Fluted	Decorated with flutes; channeled; grooved; as, a fluted column; a fluted ruffle; a fluted spectrum.
Flutemouth	A fish of the genus Aulostoma, having a much elongated tubular snout.
Fluter	One who plays on the flute; a flutist or flautist.
Fluter	One who makes grooves or flutings.
Fluting	Decoration by means of flutes or channels; a flute, or flutes collectively; as, the fluting of a column or pilaster; the fluting of a lady's ruffle.
Flutist	A performer on the flute; a flautist.
Flutist	To move with quick vibrations or undulations; as, a sail flutters in the wind; a fluttering fan.
Flutist	To move about briskly, irregularly, or with great bustle and show, without much result.
Flutist	To be in agitation; to move irregularly; to flucttuate; to be uncertainty.
Flutter	To vibrate or move quickly; as, a bird flutters its wings.
Flutter	To drive in disorder; to throw into confusion.
Flutter	The act of fluttering; quick and irregular motion; vibration; as, the flutter of a fan.
Flutter	Hurry; tumult; agitation of the mind; confusion; disorder.
Flutterer	One who, or that which, flutters.
Flutteringly	In a fluttering manner.
Fluty	Soft and clear in tone, like a flute.
Fluvial	Belonging to rivers; growing or living in streams or ponds; as, a fluvial plant.
Fluvialist	One who exlpains geological phenomena by the action of streams.
Fluviatic	Belonging to rivers or streams; fluviatile.
Fluviatile	Belonging to rivers or streams; existing in or about rivers; produced by river action; fluvial; as, fluviatile starta, plants.
Fluvio-marine	Formed by the joint action of a river and the sea, as deposits at the mouths of rivers.
Flux	The act of flowing; a continuous moving on or passing by, as of a flowing stream; constant succession; change.
Flux	The setting in of the tide toward the shore, -- the ebb being called the reflux.
Flux	The state of being liquid through heat; fusion.
Flux	Any substance or mixture used to promote the fusion of metals or minerals, as alkalies, borax, lime, fluorite.
Flux	A fluid discharge from the bowels or other part; especially, an excessive and morbid discharge; as, the bloody flux or dysentery. See Bloody flux.
Flux	The matter thus discharged.
Flux	The quantity of a fluid that crosses a unit area of a given surface in a unit of time.
Flux	Flowing; unstable; inconstant; variable.
Fluxed	of Flux
Fluxing	of Flux
Flux	To affect, or bring to a certain state, by flux.
Flux	To cause to become fluid; to fuse.
Flux	To cause a discharge from; to purge.
Fluxation	The act of fluxing.
Fluxibility	The quality of being fluxible.
Fluxible	Capable of being melted or fused, as a mineral.
Fluxile	Fluxible.
Fluxility	State of being fluxible.
Fluxion	The act of flowing.
Fluxion	The matter that flows.
Fluxion	Fusion; the running of metals into a fluid state.
Fluxion	An unnatural or excessive flow of blood or fluid toward any organ; a determination.
Fluxion	A constantly varying indication.
Fluxion	The infinitely small increase or decrease of a variable or flowing quantity in a certain infinitely small and constant period of time; the rate of variation of a fluent; an incerement; a differential.
Fluxion	A method of analysis developed by Newton, and based on the conception of all magnitudes as generated by motion, and involving in their changes the notion of velocity or rate of change. Its results are the same as those of the differential and integral calculus, from which it differs little except in notation and logical method.
Fluxional	Pertaining to, or having the nature of, fluxion or fluxions; variable; inconstant.
Fluxionary	Fluxional.
Fluxionary	Pertaining to, or caused by, an increased flow of blood to a part; congestive; as, a fluxionary hemorrhage.
Fluxionist	One skilled in fluxions.
Fluxions	See Fluxion, 6(b).
Fluxive	Flowing; also, wanting solidity.
Fluxure	The quality of being fluid.
Fluxure	Fluid matter.
Flew	of Fly
Flown	of Fly
Flying	of Fly
Fly	To move in or pass thorugh the air with wings, as a bird.
Fly	To move through the air or before the wind; esp., to pass or be driven rapidly through the air by any impulse.
Fly	To float, wave, or rise in the air, as sparks or a flag.
Fly	To move or pass swiftly; to hasten away; to circulate rapidly; as, a ship flies on the deep; a top flies around; rumor flies.
Fly	To run from danger; to attempt to escape; to flee; as, an enemy or a coward flies. See Note under Flee.
Fly	To move suddenly, or with violence; to do an act suddenly or swiftly; -- usually with a qualifying word; as, a door flies open; a bomb flies apart.
Fly	To cause to fly or to float in the air, as a bird, a kite, a flag, etc.
Fly	To fly or flee from; to shun; to avoid.
Fly	To hunt with a hawk.
Flies	of Fly
Fly	Any winged insect; esp., one with transparent wings; as, the Spanish fly; firefly; gall fly; dragon fly.
Fly	Any dipterous insect; as, the house fly; flesh fly; black fly. See Diptera, and Illust. in Append.
Fly	A hook dressed in imitation of a fly, -- used for fishing.
Fly	A familiar spirit; a witch's attendant.
Fly	A parasite.
Fly	A kind of light carriage for rapid transit, plying for hire and usually drawn by one horse.
Fly	The length of an extended flag from its staff; sometimes, the length from the "union" to the extreme end.
Fly	The part of a vane pointing the direction from which the wind blows.
Fly	That part of a compass on which the points are marked; the compass card.
Fly	Two or more vanes set on a revolving axis, to act as a fanner, or to equalize or impede the motion of machinery by the resistance of the air, as in the striking part of a clock.
Fly	A heavy wheel, or cross arms with weights at the ends on a revolving axis, to regulate or equalize the motion of machinery by means of its inertia, where the power communicated, or the resistance to be overcome, is variable, as in the steam engine or the coining press. See Fly wheel (below).
Fly	The piece hinged to the needle, which holds the engaged loop in position while the needle is penetrating another loop; a latch.
Fly	The pair of arms revolving around the bobbin, in a spinning wheel or spinning frame, to twist the yarn.
Fly	A shuttle driven through the shed by a blow or jerk.
Fly	Formerly, the person who took the printed sheets from the press.
Fly	A vibrating frame with fingers, attached to a power to a power printing press for doing the same work.
Fly	The outer canvas of a tent with double top, usually drawn over the ridgepole, but so extended as to touch the roof of the tent at no other place.
Fly	One of the upper screens of a stage in a theater.
Fly	The fore flap of a bootee; also, a lap on trousers, overcoats, etc., to conceal a row of buttons.
Fly	A batted ball that flies to a considerable distance, usually high in the air; also, the flight of a ball so struck; as, it was caught on the fly.
Fly	Knowing; wide awake; fully understanding another's meaning.
Flybane	A kind of catchfly of the genus Silene; also, a poisonous mushroom (Agaricus muscarius); fly agaric.
Fly-bitten	Marked by, or as if by, the bite of flies.
Flyblow	To deposit eggs upon, as a flesh fly does on meat; to cause to be maggoty; hence, to taint or contaminate, as if with flyblows.
Flyblow	One of the eggs or young larvae deposited by a flesh fly, or blowfly.
Flyblown	Tainted or contaminated with flyblows; damaged; foul.
Flyboat	A large Dutch coasting vessel.
Flyboat	A kind of passenger boat formerly used on canals.
Fly-case	The covering of an insect, esp. the elytra of beetles.
Flycatcher	One of numerous species of birds that feed upon insects, which they take on the wing.
Fly-catching	Having the habit of catching insects on the wing.
Flyer	One that uses wings.
Flyer	The fly of a flag: See Fly, n., 6.
Flyer	Anything that is scattered abroad in great numbers as a theatrical programme, an advertising leaf, etc.
Flyer	One in a flight of steps which are parallel to each other(as in ordinary stairs), as distinguished from a winder.
Flyer	The pair of arms attached to the spindle of a spinning frame, over which the thread passes to the bobbin; -- so called from their swift revolution. See Fly, n., 11.
Flyer	The fan wheel that rotates the cap of a windmill as the wind veers.
Flyer	A small operation not involving ? considerable part of one's capital, or not in the line of one's ordinary business; a venture.
Flyfish	A California scorpaenoid fish (Sebastichthys rhodochloris), having brilliant colors.
Fly-fish	To angle, using flies for bait.
Flying	Moving in the air with, or as with, wings; moving lightly or rapidly; intended for rapid movement.
Flying fish	A fish which is able to leap from the water, and fly a considerable distance by means of its large and long pectoral fins. These fishes belong to several species of the genus Exocoetus, and are found in the warmer parts of all the oceans.
Flying squirrel	One of a group of squirrels, of the genera Pteromus and Sciuropterus, having parachute-like folds of skin extending from the fore to the hind legs, which enable them to make very long leaps.
Flymen	of Flyman
Flyman	The driver of a fly, or light public carriage.
Flysch	A name given to the series of sandstones and schists overlying the true nummulitic formation in the Alps, and included in the Eocene Tertiary.
Flyspeck	A speck or stain made by the excrement of a fly; hence, any insignificant dot.
Flyspeck	To soil with flyspecks.
Flytrap	A trap for catching flies.
Flytrap	A plant (Dionaea muscipula), called also Venus's flytrap, the leaves of which are fringed with stiff bristles, and fold together when certain hairs on their upper surface are touched, thus seizing insects that light on them. The insects so caught are afterwards digested by a secretion from the upper surface of the leaves.
Fnese	To breathe heavily; to snort.
Fo	The Chinese name of Buddha.
Foal	The young of any animal of the Horse family (Equidae); a colt; a filly.
Foaled	of Foal
Foaling	of Foal
Foal	To bring forth (a colt); -- said of a mare or a she ass.
Foal	To bring forth young, as an animal of the horse kind.
Foalfoot	See Coltsfoot.
Foam	The white substance, consisting of an aggregation of bubbles, which is formed on the surface of liquids, or in the mouth of an animal, by violent agitation or fermentation; froth; spume; scum; as, the foam of the sea.
Foamed	of Foam
Foaming	of Foam
Foam	To gather foam; to froth; as, the billows foam.
Foam	To form foam, or become filled with foam; -- said of a steam boiler when the water is unduly agitated and frothy, as because of chemical action.
Foam	To cause to foam; as,to foam the goblet; also (with out), to throw out with rage or violence, as foam.
Foamingly	With foam; frothily.
Foamless	Having no foam.
Foamy	Covered with foam; frothy; spumy.
Fob	A little pocket for a watch.
Fobbed	of Fob
Fobbing	of Fob
Fob	To beat; to maul.
Fob	To cheat; to trick; to impose on.
Focal	Belonging to,or concerning, a focus; as, a focal point.
Focalization	The act of focalizing or bringing to a focus, or the state of being focalized.
Focalized	of Focalize
Focalizing	of Focalize
Focalize	To bring to a focus; to focus; to concentrate.
Focillate	To nourish.
Focillation	Comfort; support.
Focimeter	An assisting instrument for focusing an object in or before a camera.
Focuses	of Focus
Foci	of Focus
Focus	A point in which the rays of light meet, after being reflected or refrcted, and at which the image is formed; as, the focus of a lens or mirror.
Focus	A point so related to a conic section and certain straight line called the directrix that the ratio of the distace between any point of the curve and the focus to the distance of the same point from the directrix is constant.
Focus	A central point; a point of concentration.
Focused	of Focus
Focusing	of Focus
Focus	To bring to a focus; to focalize; as, to focus a camera.
Fodder	A weight by which lead and some other metals were formerly sold, in England, varying from 19/ to 24 cwt.; a fother.
Fodder	That which is fed out to cattle horses, and sheep, as hay, cornstalks, vegetables, etc.
Foddered	of Fodder
Foddering	of Fodder
Fodder	To feed, as cattle, with dry food or cut grass, etc.;to furnish with hay, straw, oats, etc.
Fodderer	One who fodders cattle.
Fodient	Fitted for, or pertaining to, digging.
Fodient	One of the Fodientia.
Fodientia	A group of African edentates including the aard-vark.
Foe	One who entertains personal enmity, hatred, grudge, or malice, against another; an enemy.
Foe	An enemy in war; a hostile army.
Foe	One who opposes on principle; an opponent; an adversary; an ill-wisher; as, a foe to religion.
Foe	To treat as an enemy.
Foehood	Enmity.
Foemen	of Foeman
Foeman	An enemy in war.
Foetal	Same as Fetal.
Foetation	Same as Fetation.
Foeticide	Same as Feticide.
Foetor	Same as Fetor.
Foetus	Same as Fetus.
Fog	A second growth of grass; aftergrass.
Fog	Dead or decaying grass remaining on land through the winter; -- called also foggage.
Fog	To pasture cattle on the fog, or aftergrass, of; to eat off the fog from.
Fog	To practice in a small or mean way; to pettifog.
Fog	Watery vapor condensed in the lower part of the atmosphere and disturbing its transparency. It differs from cloud only in being near the ground, and from mist in not approaching so nearly to fine rain. See Cloud.
Fog	A state of mental confusion.
Fogged	of Fog
Fogging	of Fog
Fog	To envelop, as with fog; to befog; to overcast; to darken; to obscure.
Fog	To show indistinctly or become indistinct, as the picture on a negative sometimes does in the process of development.
Foge	The Cornish name for a forge used for smelting tin.
Fo'gey	See Fogy.
Fog'gage	See 1st Fog.
Fog'ger	One who fogs; a pettifogger.
Foggily	In a foggy manner; obscurely.
Fogginess	The state of being foggy.
Foggy	Filled or abounding with fog, or watery exhalations; misty; as, a foggy atmosphere; a foggy morning.
Foggy	Beclouded; dull; obscure; as, foggy ideas.
Fogie	See Fogy.
Fogless	Without fog; clear.
Fogies	of Fogy
Fogy	A dull old fellow; a person behind the times, over-conservative, or slow; -- usually preceded by old.
Fogyism	The principles and conduct of a fogy.
Foh	An exclamation of abhorrence or contempt; poh; fle.
Fohist	A Buddhist priest. See Fo.
Foible	Weak; feeble.
Foible	A moral weakness; a failing; a weak point; a frailty.
Foible	The half of a sword blade or foil blade nearest the point; -- opposed to forte.
Foiled	of Foil
Foiling	of Foil
Foil	To tread under foot; to trample.
Foil	To render (an effort or attempt) vain or nugatory; to baffle; to outwit; to balk; to frustrate; to defeat.
Foil	To blunt; to dull; to spoil; as, to foil the scent in chase.
Foil	To defile; to soil.
Foil	Failure of success when on the point of attainment; defeat; frustration; miscarriage.
Foil	A blunt weapon used in fencing, resembling a smallsword in the main, but usually lighter and having a button at the point.
Foil	The track or trail of an animal.
Foil	A leaf or very thin sheet of metal; as, brass foil; tin foil; gold foil.
Foil	A thin leaf of sheet copper silvered and burnished, and afterwards coated with transparent colors mixed with isinglass; -- employed by jewelers to give color or brilliancy to pastes and inferior stones.
Foil	Anything that serves by contrast of color or quality to adorn or set off another thing to advantage.
Foil	A thin coat of tin, with quicksilver, laid on the back of a looking-glass, to cause reflection.
Foil	The space between the cusps in Gothic architecture; a rounded or leaflike ornament, in windows, niches, etc. A group of foils is called trefoil, quatrefoil, quinquefoil, etc., according to the number of arcs of which it is composed.
Foilable	Capable of being foiled.
Foiler	One who foils or frustrates.
Foiling	A foil.
Foiling	The track of game (as deer) in the grass.
Foin	The beech marten (Mustela foina). See Marten.
Foin	A kind of fur, black at the top on a whitish ground, taken from the ferret or weasel of the same name.
Foin	To thrust with a sword or spear; to lunge.
Foin	To prick; to st?ng.
Foin	A pass in fencing; a lunge.
Foinery	Thrusting with the foil; fencing with the point, as distinguished from broadsword play.
Foiningly	With a push or thrust.
Foison	Rich harvest; plenty; abundance.
Foist	A light and fast-sailing ship.
Foisted	of Foist
Foisting	of Foist
Foist	To insert surreptitiously, wrongfully, or without warrant; to interpolate; to pass off (something spurious or counterfeit) as genuine, true, or worthy; -- usually followed by in.
Foist	A foister; a sharper.
Foist	A trick or fraud; a swindle.
Foister	One who foists something surreptitiously; a falsifier.
Foistied	Fusty.
Foistiness	Fustiness; mustiness.
Foisty	Fusty; musty.
Folded	of Fold
Folding	of Fold
Fold	To lap or lay in plaits or folds; to lay one part over another part of; to double; as, to fold cloth; to fold a letter.
Fold	To double or lay together, as the arms or the hands; as, he folds his arms in despair.
Fold	To inclose within folds or plaitings; to envelop; to infold; to clasp; to embrace.
Fold	To cover or wrap up; to conceal.
Fold	To become folded, plaited, or doubled; to close over another of the same kind; to double together; as, the leaves of the door fold.
Fold	A doubling,esp. of any flexible substance; a part laid over on another part; a plait; a plication.
Fold	Times or repetitions; -- used with numerals, chiefly in composition, to denote multiplication or increase in a geometrical ratio, the doubling, tripling, etc., of anything; as, fourfold, four times, increased in a quadruple ratio, multiplied by four.
Fold	That which is folded together, or which infolds or envelops; embrace.
Fold	An inclosure for sheep; a sheep pen.
Fold	A flock of sheep; figuratively, the Church or a church; as, Christ's fold.
Fold	A boundary; a limit.
Fold	To confine in a fold, as sheep.
Fold	To confine sheep in a fold.
Foldage	See Faldage.
Folder	One who, or that which, folds; esp., a flat, knifelike instrument used for folding paper.
Folderol	Nonsense.
Folding	The act of making a fold or folds; also, a fold; a doubling; a plication.
Folding	The keepig of sheep in inclosures on arable land, etc.
Foldless	Having no fold.
Foliaceous	Belonging to, or having the texture or nature of, a leaf; having leaves intermixed with flowers; as, a foliaceous spike.
Foliaceous	Consisting of leaves or thin laminae; having the form of a leaf or plate; as, foliaceous spar.
Foliaceous	Leaflike in form or mode of growth; as, a foliaceous coral.
Foliage	Leaves, collectively, as produced or arranged by nature; leafage; as, a tree or forest of beautiful foliage.
Foliage	A cluster of leaves, flowers, and branches; especially, the representation of leaves, flowers, and branches, in architecture, intended to ornament and enrich capitals, friezes, pediments, etc.
Foliage	To adorn with foliage or the imitation of foliage; to form into the representation of leaves.
Foliaged	Furnished with foliage; leaved; as, the variously foliaged mulberry.
Foliar	Consisting of, or pertaining to, leaves; as, foliar appendages.
Foliate	Furnished with leaves; leafy; as, a foliate stalk.
Foliated	of Foliate
Foliating	of Foliate
Foliate	To beat into a leaf, or thin plate.
Foliate	To spread over with a thin coat of tin and quicksilver; as, to foliate a looking-glass.
Foliated	Having leaves, or leaflike projections; as, a foliated shell.
Foliated	Containing, or consisting of, foils; as, a foliated arch.
Foliated	Characterized by being separable into thin plates or folia; as, graphite has a foliated structure.
Foliated	Laminated, but restricted to the variety of laminated structure found in crystalline schist, as mica schist, etc.; schistose.
Foliated	Spread over with an amalgam of tin and quicksilver.
Foliation	The process of forming into a leaf or leaves.
Foliation	The manner in which the young leaves are dispo/ed within the bud.
Foliation	The act of beating a metal into a thin plate, leaf, foil, or lamina.
Foliation	The act of coating with an amalgam of tin foil and quicksilver, as in making looking-glasses.
Foliation	The enrichment of an opening by means of foils, arranged in trefoils, quatrefoils, etc.; also, one of the ornaments. See Tracery.
Foliation	The property, possessed by some crystalline rocks, of dividing into plates or slabs, which is due to the cleavage structure of one of the constituents, as mica or hornblende. It may sometimes include slaty structure or cleavage, though the latter is usually independent of any mineral constituent, and transverse to the bedding, it having been produced by pressure.
Foliature	Foliage; leafage.
Foliature	The state of being beaten into foil.
Folier	Goldsmith's foil.
Foliferous	Producing leaves.
Folily	Foolishly.
Folios	of Folio
Folio	A leaf of a book or manuscript.
Folio	A sheet of paper once folded.
Folio	A book made of sheets of paper each folded once (four pages to the sheet); hence, a book of the largest kind. See Note under Paper.
Folio	The page number. The even folios are on the left-hand pages and the odd folios on the right-hand.
Folio	A page of a book; (Bookkeeping) a page in an account book; sometimes, two opposite pages bearing the same serial number.
Folio	A leaf containing a certain number of words, hence, a certain number of words in a writing, as in England, in law proceedings 72, and in chancery, 90; in New York, 100 words.
Fol'io	To put a serial number on each folio or page of (a book); to page.
Fol'io	Formed of sheets each folded once, making two leaves, or four pages; as, a folio volume. See Folio, n., 3.
Fo'liolate	Of or pertaining to leaflets; -- used in composition; as, bi-foliolate.
Foliole	One of the distinct parts of a compound leaf; a leaflet.
Foliomort	See Feuillemort.
Foliose	Having many leaves; leafy.
Foliosity	The ponderousness or bulk of a folio; voluminousness.
Folious	Like a leaf; thin; unsubstantial.
Folious	Foliose.
Foliums	of Folium
Folia	of Folium
Folium	A leaf, esp. a thin leaf or plate.
Folium	A curve of the third order, consisting of two infinite branches, which have a common asymptote. The curve has a double point, and a leaf-shaped loop; whence the name. Its equation is x3 + y3 = axy.
Folk	Alt. of Folks
Folks	In Anglo-Saxon times, the people of a group of townships or villages; a community; a tribe.
Folks	People in general, or a separate class of people; -- generally used in the plural form, and often with a qualifying adjective; as, the old folks; poor folks.
Folks	The persons of one's own family; as, our folks are all well.
Folkland	Land held in villenage, being distributed among the folk, or people, at the pleasure of the lord of the manor, and resumed at his discretion. Not being held by any assurance in writing, it was opposed to bookland or charter land, which was held by deed.
Folklore	Alt. of Folk lore
Folk lore	Tales, legends, or superstitions long current among the people.
Folkmote	An assembly of the people
Folkmote	a general assembly of the people to consider and order matters of the commonwealth; also, a local court.
Folkmoter	One who takes part in a folkmote, or local court.
Follicle	A simple podlike pericarp which contains several seeds and opens along the inner or ventral suture, as in the peony, larkspur and milkweed.
Follicle	A small cavity, tubular depression, or sac; as, a hair follicle.
Follicle	A simple gland or glandular cavity; a crypt.
Follicle	A small mass of adenoid tissue; as, a lymphatic follicle.
Follicular	Like, pertaining to, or consisting of, a follicles or follicles.
Follicular	Affecting the follicles; as, follicular pharyngitis.
Folliculated	Having follicles.
Folliculous	Having or producing follicles.
Folliful	Full of folly.
Followed	of Follow
Following	of Follow
Follow	To go or come after; to move behind in the same path or direction; hence, to go with (a leader, guide, etc.); to accompany; to attend.
Follow	To endeavor to overtake; to go in pursuit of; to chase; to pursue; to prosecute.
Follow	To accept as authority; to adopt the opinions of; to obey; to yield to; to take as a rule of action; as, to follow good advice.
Follow	To copy after; to take as an example.
Follow	To succeed in order of time, rank, or office.
Follow	To result from, as an effect from a cause, or an inference from a premise.
Follow	To watch, as a receding object; to keep the eyes fixed upon while in motion; to keep the mind upon while in progress, as a speech, musical performance, etc.; also, to keep up with; to understand the meaning, connection, or force of, as of a course of thought or argument.
Follow	To walk in, as a road or course; to attend upon closely, as a profession or calling.
Follow	To go or come after; -- used in the various senses of the transitive verb: To pursue; to attend; to accompany; to be a result; to imitate.
Follower	One who follows; a pursuer; an attendant; a disciple; a dependent associate; a retainer.
Follower	A sweetheart; a beau.
Follower	The removable flange, or cover, of a piston. See Illust. of Piston.
Follower	A gland. See Illust. of Stuffing box.
Follower	The part of a machine that receives motion from another part. See Driver.
Follower	Among law stationers, a sheet of parchment or paper which is added to the first sheet of an indenture or other deed.
Following	One's followers, adherents, or dependents, collectively.
Following	Vocation; business; profession.
Following	Next after; succeeding; ensuing; as, the assembly was held on the following day.
Following	(In the field of a telescope) In the direction from which stars are apparently moving (in consequence of the earth's rotation); as, a small star, north following or south following. In the direction toward which stars appear to move is called preceding.
Follies	of Folly
Folly	The state of being foolish; want of good sense; levity, weakness, or derangement of mind.
Folly	A foolish act; an inconsiderate or thoughtless procedure; weak or light-minded conduct; foolery.
Folly	Scandalous crime; sin; specifically, as applied to a woman, wantonness.
Folly	The result of a foolish action or enterprise.
Folwe	To follow.
Fomalhaut	A star of the first magnitude, in the constellation Piscis Australis, or Southern Fish.
Fomented	of Foment
Fomenting	of Foment
Foment	To apply a warm lotion to; to bathe with a cloth or sponge wet with warm water or medicated liquid.
Foment	To cherish with heat; to foster.
Foment	To nurse to life or activity; to cherish and promote by excitements; to encourage; to abet; to instigate; -- used often in a bad sense; as, to foment ill humors.
Fomentation	The act of fomenting; the application of warm, soft, medicinal substances, as for the purpose of easing pain, by relaxing the skin, or of discussing tumors.
Fomentation	The lotion applied to a diseased part.
Fomentation	Excitation; instigation; encouragement.
Fomenter	One who foments; one who encourages or instigates; as, a fomenter of sedition.
Fomites	of Fomes
Fomes	Any substance supposed to be capable of absorbing, retaining, and transporting contagious or infectious germs; as, woolen clothes are said to be active fomites.
Fon	A fool; an idiot.
Fond	imp. of Find.  Found.
Fond	Foolish; silly; simple; weak.
Fond	Foolishly tender and loving; weakly indulgent; over-affectionate.
Fond	Affectionate; loving; tender; -- in a good sense; as, a fond mother or wife.
Fond	Loving; much pleased; affectionately regardful, indulgent, or desirous; longing or yearning; --  followed by of (formerly also by on).
Fond	Doted on; regarded with affection.
Fond	Trifling; valued by folly; trivial.
Fond	To caress; to fondle.
Fond	To be fond; to dote.
Fonde	To endeavor; to strive; to try.
Fondled	of Fondle
Fondling	of Fondle
Fondle	To treat or handle with tenderness or in a loving manner; to caress; as, a nurse fondles a child.
Fondler	One who fondles.
Fondling	The act of caressing; manifestation of tenderness.
Fondling	A person or thing fondled or caressed; one treated with foolish or doting affection.
Fondling	A fool; a simpleton; a ninny.
Fondly	Foolishly.
Fondly	In a fond manner; affectionately; tenderly.
Fondness	The quality or state of being fond; foolishness.
Fondness	Doting affection; tender liking; strong appetite, propensity, or relish; as, he had a fondness for truffles.
Fondon	A large copper vessel used for hot amalgamation.
Fondus	A style of printing calico, paper hangings, etc., in which the colors are in bands and graduated into each other.
Fone	pl. of Foe.
Fonge	To take; to receive.
Fonly	Foolishly; fondly.
Fonne	A fon.
Font	A complete assortment of printing type of one size, including a due proportion of all the letters in the alphabet, large and small, points, accents, and whatever else is necessary for printing with that variety of types; a fount.
Font	A fountain; a spring; a source.
Font	A basin or stone vessel in which water is contained for baptizing.
Fontal	Pertaining to a font, fountain, source, or origin; original; primitive.
Fontanel	An issue or artificial ulcer for the discharge of humors from the body.
Fontanel	One of the membranous intervals between the incompleted angles of the parietal and neighboring bones of a fetal or young skull; -- so called because it exhibits a rhythmical pulsation.
Fontanelle	Same as Fontanel, 2.
Fontange	A kind of tall headdress formerly worn.
Food	What is fed upon; that which goes to support life by being received within, and assimilated by, the organism of an animal or a plant; nutriment; aliment; especially, what is eaten by animals for nourishment.
Food	Anything that instructs the intellect, excites the feelings, or molds habits of character; that which nourishes.
Food	To supply with food.
Foodful	Full of food; supplying food; fruitful; fertile.
Foodless	Without food; barren.
Foody	Eatable; fruitful.
Fool	A compound of gooseberries scalded and crushed, with cream; -- commonly called gooseberry fool.
Fool	One destitute of reason, or of the common powers of understanding; an idiot; a natural.
Fool	A person deficient in intellect; one who acts absurdly, or pursues a course contrary to the dictates of wisdom; one without judgment; a simpleton; a dolt.
Fool	One who acts contrary to moral and religious wisdom; a wicked person.
Fool	One who counterfeits folly; a professional jester or buffoon; a retainer formerly kept to make sport, dressed fantastically in motley, with ridiculous accouterments.
Fooled	of Fool
Fooling	of Fool
Fool	To play the fool; to trifle; to toy; to spend time in idle sport or mirth.
Fool	To infatuate; to make foolish.
Fool	To use as a fool; to deceive in a shameful or mortifying manner; to impose upon; to cheat by inspiring foolish confidence; as, to fool one out of his money.
Foolahs	Same as Fulahs.
Fool-born	Begotten by a fool.
Fooleries	of Foolery
Foolery	The practice of folly; the behavior of a fool; absurdity.
Foolery	An act of folly or weakness; a foolish practice; something absurd or nonsensical.
Foolfish	The orange filefish. See Filefish.
Foolfish	The winter flounder. See Flounder.
Fool-happy	Lucky, without judgment or contrivance.
Foolhardihood	The state of being foolhardy; foolhardiness.
Foolhardily	In a foolhardy manner.
Foolhardiness	Courage without sense or judgment; foolish rashness; recklessness.
Foolhardise	Foolhardiness.
Foolhardy	Daring without judgment; foolishly adventurous and bold.
Fool-hasty	Foolishly hasty.
Foolify	To make a fool of; to befool.
Foolish	Marked with, or exhibiting, folly; void of understanding; weak in intellect; without judgment or discretion; silly; unwise.
Foolish	Such as a fool would do; proceeding from weakness of mind or silliness; exhibiting a want of judgment or discretion; as, a foolish act.
Foolish	Absurd; ridiculous; despicable; contemptible.
Foolishly	In a foolish manner.
Foolishness	The quality of being foolish.
Foolishness	A foolish practice; an absurdity.
Fool-large	Foolishly liberal.
Fool-largesse	Foolish expenditure; waste.
Foolscap	A writing paper made in sheets, ordinarily 16 x 13 inches, and folded so as to make a page 13 x 8 inches. See Paper.
Feet	of Foot
Foot	The terminal part of the leg of man or an animal; esp., the part below the ankle or wrist; that part of an animal upon which it rests when standing, or moves. See Manus, and Pes.
Foot	The muscular locomotive organ of a mollusk. It is a median organ arising from the ventral region of body, often in the form of a flat disk, as in snails. See Illust. of Buccinum.
Foot	That which corresponds to the foot of a man or animal; as, the foot of a table; the foot of a stocking.
Foot	The lowest part or base; the ground part; the bottom, as of a mountain or column; also, the last of a row or series; the end or extremity, esp. if associated with inferiority; as, the foot of a hill; the foot of the procession; the foot of a class; the foot of the bed.
Foot	Fundamental principle; basis; plan; -- used only in the singular.
Foot	Recognized condition; rank; footing; -- used only in the singular.
Foot	A measure of length equivalent to twelve inches; one third of a yard. See Yard.
Foot	Soldiers who march and fight on foot; the infantry, usually designated as the foot, in distinction from the cavalry.
Foot	A combination of syllables consisting a metrical element of a verse, the syllables being formerly distinguished by their quantity or length, but in modern poetry by the accent.
Foot	The lower edge of a sail.
Footed	of Foot
Footing	of Foot
Foot	To tread to measure or music; to dance; to trip; to skip.
Foot	To walk; -- opposed to ride or fly.
Foot	To kick with the foot; to spurn.
Foot	To set on foot; to establish; to land.
Foot	To tread; as, to foot the green.
Foot	To sum up, as the numbers in a column; -- sometimes with up; as, to foot (or foot up) an account.
Foot	The size or strike with the talon.
Foot	To renew the foot of, as of stocking.
Football	An inflated ball to be kicked in sport, usually made in India rubber, or a bladder incased in Leather.
Football	The game of kicking the football by opposing parties of players between goals.
Footband	A band of foot soldiers.
Footbath	A bath for the feet; also, a vessel used in bathing the feet.
Footboard	A board or narrow platfrom upon which one may stand or brace his feet
Footboard	The platform for the engineer and fireman of a locomotive.
Footboard	The foot-rest of a coachman's box.
Footboard	A board forming the foot of a bedstead.
Footboard	A treadle.
Footboy	A page; an attendant in livery; a lackey.
Footbreadth	The breadth of a foot; -- used as a measure.
Footbridge	A narrow bridge for foot passengers only.
Footcloth	Formerly, a housing or caparison for a horse.
Footed	Having a foot or feet; shaped in the foot.
Footed	Having a foothold; established.
Footfall	A setting down of the foot; a footstep; the sound of a footstep.
Footfight	A conflict by persons on foot; -- distinguished from a fight on horseback.
Footglove	A kind of stocking.
Foot Guards	Infantry soldiers belonging to select regiments called the Guards.
Foothalt	A disease affecting the feet of sheep.
Foothill	A low hill at the foot of higher hills or mountains.
Foothold	A holding with the feet; firm standing; that on which one may tread or rest securely; footing.
Foothook	See Futtock.
Foothot	Hastily; immediately; instantly; on the spot; hotfloot.
Footing	Ground for the foot; place for the foot to rest on; firm foundation to stand on.
Footing	Standing; position; established place; basis for operation; permanent settlement; foothold.
Footing	Relative condition; state.
Footing	Tread; step; especially, measured tread.
Footing	The act of adding up a column of figures; the amount or sum total of such a column.
Footing	The act of putting a foot to anything; also, that which is added as a foot; as, the footing of a stocking.
Footing	A narrow cotton lace, without figures.
Footing	The finer refuse part of whale blubber, not wholly deprived of oil.
Footing	The thickened or sloping portion of a wall, or of an embankment at its foot.
Footless	Having no feet.
Footlicker	A sycophant; a fawner; a toady.  Cf. Bootlick.
Footlight	One of a row of lights in the front of the stage in a theater, etc., and on a level therewith.
Footmen	of Footman
Footman	A soldier who marches and fights on foot; a foot soldier.
Footman	A man in waiting; a male servant whose duties are to attend the door, the carriage, the table, etc.
Footman	Formerly, a servant who ran in front of his master's carriage; a runner.
Footman	A metallic stand with four feet, for keeping anything warm before a fire.
Footman	A moth of the family Lithosidae; -- so called from its livery-like colors.
Footmanship	Art or skill of a footman.
Footmark	A footprint; a track or vestige.
Footnote	A note of reference or comment at the foot of a page.
Footpace	A walking pace or step.
Footpace	A dais, or elevated platform; the highest step of the altar; a landing in a staircase.
Footpad	A highwayman or robber on foot.
Footpaths	of Footpath
Footpath	A narrow path or way for pedestrains only; a footway.
Footplate	See Footboard (a).
Foot pound	A unit of energy, or work, being equal to the work done in raising one pound avoirdupois against the force of gravity the height of one foot.
Foot poundal	A unit of energy or work, equal to the work done in moving a body through one foot against the force of one poundal.
Footprint	The impression of the foot; a trace or footmark; as, "Footprints of the Creator."
Footrope	The rope rigged below a yard, upon which men stand when reefing or furling; -- formerly called a horse.
Footrope	That part of the boltrope to which the lower edge of a sail is sewed.
Foots	The settlings of oil, molasses, etc., at the bottom of a barrel or hogshead.
Foot-sore	Having sore or tender feet, as by reason of much walking; as, foot-sore cattle.
Footstalk	The stalk of a leaf or of flower; a petiole, pedicel, or reduncle.
Footstalk	The peduncle or stem by which various marine animals are attached, as certain brachiopods and goose barnacles.
Footstalk	The stem which supports which supports the eye in decapod Crustacea; eyestalk.
Footstalk	The lower part of a millstone spindle. It rests in a step.
Footstall	The stirrup of a woman's saddle.
Footstall	The plinth or base of a pillar.
Footstep	The mark or impression of the foot; a track; hence, visible sign of a course pursued; token; mark; as, the footsteps of divine wisdom.
Footstep	An inclined plane under a hand printing press.
Footstone	The stone at the foot of a grave; -- opposed to headstone.
Footstool	A low stool to support the feet of one when sitting.
Footway	A passage for pedestrians only.
Footworn	Worn by, or weared in, the feet; as, a footworn path; a footworn traveler.
Footy	Having foots, or settlings; as, footy oil, molasses, etc.
Footy	Poor; mean.
Fop	One whose ambition it is to gain admiration by showy dress; a coxcomb; an inferior dandy.
Fop-doodle	A stupid or insignificant fellow; a fool; a simpleton.
Fopling	A petty fop.
Fopperies	of Foppery
Foppery	The behavior, dress, or other indication of a fop; coxcombry; affectation of show; showy folly.
Foppery	Folly; foolery.
Foppish	Foplike; characteristic of a top in dress or manners; making an ostentatious display of gay clothing; affected in manners.
For-	A prefix to verbs, having usually the force of a negative or privative. It often implies also loss, detriment, or destruction, and sometimes it is intensive, meaning utterly, quite thoroughly, as in forbathe.
For	In the most general sense, indicating that in consideration of, in view of, or with reference to, which anything is done or takes place.
For	Indicating the antecedent cause or occasion of an action; the motive or inducement accompanying and prompting to an act or state; the reason of anything; that on account of which a thing is or is done.
For	Indicating the remoter and indirect object of an act; the end or final cause with reference to which anything is, acts, serves, or is done.
For	Indicating that in favor of which, or in promoting which, anything is, or is done; hence, in behalf of; in favor of; on the side of; -- opposed to against.
For	Indicating that toward which the action of anything is directed, or the point toward which motion is made; /ntending to go to.
For	Indicating that on place of or instead of which anything acts or serves, or that to which a substitute, an equivalent, a compensation, or the like, is offered or made; instead of, or place of.
For	Indicating that in the character of or as being which anything is regarded or treated; to be, or as being.
For	Indicating that instead of which something else controls in the performing of an action, or that in spite of which anything is done, occurs, or is; hence, equivalent to notwithstanding, in spite of; -- generally followed by all, aught, anything, etc.
For	Indicating the space or time through which an action or state extends; hence, during; in or through the space or time of.
For	Indicating that in prevention of which, or through fear of which, anything is done.
For	Because; by reason that; for that; indicating, in Old English, the reason of anything.
For	Since; because; introducing a reason of something before advanced, a cause, motive, explanation, justification, or the like, of an action related or a statement made. It is logically nearly equivalent to since, or because, but connects less closely, and is sometimes used as a very general introduction to something suggested by what has gone before.
For	One who takes, or that which is said on, the affrimative side; that which is said in favor of some one or something; -- the antithesis of against, and commonly used in connection with it.
Forage	The act of foraging; search for provisions, etc.
Forage	Food of any kind for animals, especially for horses and cattle, as grass, pasture, hay, corn, oats.
Foraged	of Forage
Foraging	of Forage
Forage	To wander or rove in search of food; to collect food, esp. forage, for horses and cattle by feeding on or stripping the country; to ravage; to feed on spoil.
Forage	To strip of provisions; to supply with forage; as, to forage steeds.
Forager	One who forages.
Foralite	A tubelike marking, occuring in sandstone and other strata.
Foramina	of Foramen
Foramines	of Foramen
Foramen	A small opening, perforation, or orifice; a fenestra.
Foraminated	Having small opening, or foramina.
Foraminifer	One of the foraminifera.
Foraminifera	An extensive order of rhizopods which generally have a chambered calcareous shell formed by several united zooids. Many of them have perforated walls, whence the name. Some species are covered with sand. See Rhizophoda.
Foraminiferous	Having small openings, or foramina.
Foraminiferous	Pertaining to, or composed of, Foraminifera; as, foraminiferous mud.
Foraminous	Having foramina; full of holes; porous.
Forasmuch	In consideration that; seeing that; since; because that; -- followed by as. See under For, prep.
Foray	A sudden or irregular incursion in border warfare; hence, any irregular incursion for war or spoils; a raid.
Foray	To pillage; to ravage.
Forayer	One who makes or joins in a foray.
Forbade	imp. of Forbid.
Forbathe	To bathe.
Forbear	An ancestor; a forefather; -- usually in the plural.
Forbore	of Forbear
Forbare	of Forbear
Forborne	of Forbear
Forbearing	of Forbear
Forbear	To refrain from proceeding; to pause; to delay.
Forbear	To refuse; to decline; to give no heed.
Forbear	To control one's self when provoked.
Forbear	To keep away from; to avoid; to abstain from; to give up; as, to forbear the use of a word of doubdtful propriety.
Forbear	To treat with consideration or indulgence.
Forbear	To cease from bearing.
Forbearance	The act of forbearing or waiting; the exercise of patience.
Forbearance	The quality of being forbearing; indulgence toward offenders or enemies; long-suffering.
Forbearant	Forbearing.
Forbearer	One who forbears.
Forbearing	Disposed or accustomed to forbear; patient; long-suffering.
Forbade	of Forbid
Forbidden	of Forbid
Forbid	of Forbid
Forbidding	of Forbid
Forbid	To command against, or contrary to; to prohibit; to interdict.
Forbid	To deny, exclude from, or warn off, by express command; to command not to enter.
Forbid	To oppose, hinder, or prevent, as if by an effectual command; as, an impassable river forbids the approach of the army.
Forbid	To accurse; to blast.
Forbid	To defy; to challenge.
Forbid	To utter a prohibition; to prevent; to hinder.
Forbiddance	The act of forbidding; prohibition; command or edict against a thing.
Forbidden	Prohibited; interdicted.
Forbiddenly	In a forbidden or unlawful manner.
Forbidder	One who forbids.
Forbidding	Repelling approach; repulsive; raising abhorrence, aversion, or dislike; disagreeable; prohibiting or interdicting; as, a forbidding aspect; a forbidding formality; a forbidding air.
Forblack	Very black.
Forboden	p. p. of Forbid.
Forbore	imp. of Forbear.
Forborne	p. p. of Forbear.
Forbruise	To bruise sorely or exceedingly.
Forby	Near; hard by; along; past.
Forcarve	To cut completely; to cut off.
Force	To stuff; to lard; to farce.
Force	A waterfall; a cascade.
Force	Strength or energy of body or mind; active power; vigor; might; often, an unusual degree of strength or energy; capacity of exercising an influence or producing an effect; especially, power to persuade, or convince, or impose obligation; pertinency; validity; special signification; as, the force of an appeal, an argument, a contract, or a term.
Force	Power exerted against will or consent; compulsory power; violence; coercion.
Force	Strength or power for war; hence, a body of land or naval combatants, with their appurtenances, ready for action; -- an armament; troops; warlike array; -- often in the plural; hence, a body of men prepared for action in other ways; as, the laboring force of a plantation.
Force	Strength or power exercised without law, or contrary to law, upon persons or things; violence.
Force	Validity; efficacy.
Force	Any action between two bodies which changes, or tends to change, their relative condition as to rest or motion; or, more generally, which changes, or tends to change, any physical relation between them, whether mechanical, thermal, chemical, electrical, magnetic, or of any other kind; as, the force of gravity; cohesive force; centrifugal force.
Forced	of Force
Forcing	of Force
Force	To constrain to do or to forbear, by the exertion of a power not resistible; to compel by physical, moral, or intellectual means; to coerce; as, masters force slaves to labor.
Force	To compel, as by strength of evidence; as, to force conviction on the mind.
Force	To do violence to; to overpower, or to compel by violence to one;s will; especially, to ravish; to violate; to commit rape upon.
Force	To obtain or win by strength; to take by violence or struggle; specifically, to capture by assault; to storm, as a fortress.
Force	To impel, drive, wrest, extort, get, etc., by main strength or violence; -- with a following adverb, as along, away, from, into, through, out, etc.
Force	To put in force; to cause to be executed; to make binding; to enforce.
Force	To exert to the utmost; to urge; hence, to strain; to urge to excessive, unnatural, or untimely action; to produce by unnatural effort; as, to force a consient or metaphor; to force a laugh; to force fruits.
Force	To compel (an adversary or partner) to trump a trick by leading a suit of which he has none.
Force	To provide with forces; to reenforce; to strengthen by soldiers; to man; to garrison.
Force	To allow the force of; to value; to care for.
Force	To use violence; to make violent effort; to strive; to endeavor.
Force	To make a difficult matter of anything; to labor; to hesitate; hence, to force of, to make much account of; to regard.
Force	To be of force, importance, or weight; to matter.
Forced	Done or produced with force or great labor, or by extraordinary exertion; hurried; strained; produced by unnatural effort or pressure; as, a forced style; a forced laugh.
Forceful	Full of or processing force; exerting force; mighty.
Forceless	Having little or no force; feeble.
Forcemeat	Meat chopped fine and highly seasoned, either served up alone, or used as a stuffing.
Forcement	The act of forcing; compulsion.
Forceps	A pair of pinchers, or tongs; an instrument for grasping, holding firmly, or exerting traction upon, bodies which it would be inconvenient or impracticable to seize with the fingers, especially one for delicate operations, as those of watchmakers, surgeons, accoucheurs, dentists, etc.
Forceps	The caudal forceps-shaped appendage of earwigs and some other insects. See Earwig.
Force pump	A pump having a solid piston, or plunger, for drawing and forcing a liquid, as water, through the valves; in distinction from a pump having a bucket, or valved piston.
Force pump	A pump adapted for delivering water at a considerable height above the pump, or under a considerable pressure; in distinction from one which lifts the water only to the top of the pump or delivers it through a spout. See Illust. of Plunger pump, under Plunger.
Forcer	One who, or that which, forces or drives.
Forcer	The solid piston of a force pump; the instrument by which water is forced in a pump.
Forcer	A small hand pump for sinking pits, draining cellars, etc.
Forcible	Possessing force; characterized by force, efficiency, or energy; powerful; efficacious; impressive; influential.
Forcible	Violent; impetuous.
Forcible	Using force against opposition or resistance; obtained by compulsion; effected by force; as, forcible entry or abduction.
Forcible-feeble	Seemingly vigorous, but really weak or insipid.
Forcibleness	The quality of being forcible.
Forcibly	In a forcible manner.
Forcing	The accomplishing of any purpose violently, precipitately, prematurely, or with unusual expedition.
Forcing	The art of raising plants, flowers, and fruits at an earlier season than the natural one, as in a hitbed or by the use of artificial heat.
Forcipal	Forked or branched like a pair of forceps; constructed so as to open and shut like a pair of forceps.
Forcipate	Alt. of Forcipated
Forcipated	Like a pair of forceps; as, a forcipated mouth.
Forcipation	Torture by pinching with forceps or pinchers.
Forcut	To cut completely; to cut off.
Ford	A place in a river, or other water, where it may be passed by man or beast on foot, by wading.
Ford	A stream; a current.
Forded	of Ford
Fording	of Ford
Ford	To pass or cross, as a river or other water, by wading; to wade through.
Fordable	Capable of being forded.
Fordless	Without a ford.
Fordo	To destroy; to undo; to ruin.
Fordo	To overcome with fatigue; to exhaust.
Fordone	Undone; ruined.
Fordrive	To drive about; to drive here and there.
Fordrunken	Utterly drunk; very drunk.
Fordry	Entirely dry; withered.
Fordwine	To dwindle away; to disappear.
Fore	Journey; way; method of proceeding.
Fore	In the part that precedes or goes first; -- opposed to aft, after, back, behind, etc.
Fore	Formerly; previously; afore.
Fore	In or towards the bows of a ship.
Fore	Advanced, as compared with something else; toward the front; being or coming first, in time, place, order, or importance; preceding; anterior; antecedent; earlier; forward; -- opposed to back or behind; as, the fore part of a garment; the fore part of the day; the fore and of a wagon.
Fore	The front; hence, that which is in front; the future.
Fore	Before; -- sometimes written 'fore as if a contraction of afore or before.
Foreadmonish	To admonish beforehand, or before the act or event.
Foreadvise	To advise or counsel before the time of action, or before the event.
Forealleged	of Foreallege
Forealleging	of Foreallege
Foreallege	To allege or cite before.
Foreappoint	To set, order, or appoint, beforehand.
Foreappointment	Previous appointment; preordinantion.
Forearm	To arm or prepare for attack or resistance before the time of need.
Forearm	That part of the arm or fore limb between the elbow and wrist; the antibrachium.
Forebeam	The breast beam of a loom.
Forebear	An ancestor. See Forbear.
Foreboded	of Forebode
Foreboding	of Forebode
Forebode	To foretell.
Forebode	To be prescient of (some ill or misfortune); to have an inward conviction of, as of a calamity which is about to happen; to augur despondingly.
Forebode	To fortell; to presage; to augur.
Forebode	Prognostication; presage.
Forebodement	The act of foreboding; the thing foreboded.
Foreboder	One who forebodes.
Foreboding	Presage of coming ill; expectation of misfortune.
Forebodingly	In a foreboding manner.
Forebrace	A rope applied to the fore yardarm, to change the position of the foresail.
Forebrain	The anterior of the three principal divisions of the brain, including the prosencephalon and thalamencephalon. Sometimes restricted to the prosencephalon only. See Brain.
Foreby	Near; hard by; along; past. See Forby.
Forecast	To plan beforehand; to scheme; to project.
Forecast	To foresee; to calculate beforehand, so as to provide for.
Forecast	To contrive or plan beforehand.
Forecast	Previous contrivance or determination; predetermination.
Forecast	Foresight of consequences, and provision against them; prevision; premeditation.
Forecaster	One who forecast.
Forecastle	A short upper deck forward, formerly raised like a castle, to command an enemy's decks.
Forecastle	That part of the upper deck of a vessel forward of the foremast, or of the after part of the fore channels.
Forecastle	In merchant vessels, the forward part of the vessel, under the deck, where the sailors live.
Forechosen	Chosen beforehand.
Forecited	Cited or quoted before or above.
Foreclosed	of Foreclose
Foreclosing	of Foreclose
Foreclose	To shut up or out; to preclude; to stop; to prevent; to bar; to exclude.
Foreclosure	The act or process of foreclosing; a proceeding which bars or extinguishes a mortgager's right of redeeming a mortgaged estate.
Foreconceive	To preconceive; to imagine beforehand.
Foredate	To date before the true time; to antendate.
Foredeck	The fore part of a deck, or of a ship.
Foredeem	To recognize or judge in advance; to forebode.
Foredeem	To know or discover beforehand; to foretell.
Foredesign	To plan beforehand; to intend previously.
Foredetermine	To determine or decree beforehand.
Foredispose	To bestow beforehand.
Foredoom	To doom beforehand; to predestinate.
Foredoom	Doom or sentence decreed in advance.
Forefather	One who precedes another in the line of genealogy in any degree, but usually in a remote degree; an ancestor.
Forefeel	To feel beforehand; to have a presentiment of.
Forefence	Defense in front.
Forefend	To hinder; to fend off; to avert; to prevent the approach of; to forbid or prohibit. See Forfend.
Forefinger	The finger next to the thumb; the index.
Foreflow	To flow before.
Forefoot	One of the anterior feet of a quardruped or multiped; -- usually written fore foot.
Forefoot	A piece of timber which terminates the keel at the fore end, connecting it with the lower end of the stem.
Foreefront	Foremost part or place.
Foregame	A first game; first plan.
Foreganger	A short rope grafted on a harpoon, to which a longer lin/ may be attached.
Foregather	Same as Forgather.
Foregift	A premium paid by / lessee when taking his lease.
Foregleam	An antecedent or premonitory gleam; a dawning light.
Forewent 2	of Forego
Foregone	of Forego
Foregoing	of Forego
Forego	To quit; to relinquish; to leave.
Forego	To relinquish the enjoyment or advantage of; to give up; to resign; to renounce; -- said of a thing already enjoyed, or of one within reach, or anticipated.
Forego	To go before; to precede; -- used especially in the present and past participles.
Foregoer	One who goes before another; a predecessor; hence, an ancestor' a progenitor.
Foregoer	A purveyor of the king; -- so called, formerly, from going before to provide for his household.
Foregoer	One who forbears to enjoy.
Foreground	On a painting, and sometimes in a bas-relief, mosaic picture, or the like, that part of the scene represented, which is nearest to the spectator, and therefore occupies the lowest part of the work of art itself.  Cf. Distance, n., 6.
Foreguess	To conjecture.
Foregut	The anterior part of the alimentary canal, from the mouth to the intestine, o/ to the entrance of the bile duct.
Forehand	All that part of a horse which is before the rider.
Forehand	The chief or most important part.
Forehand	Superiority; advantage; start; precedence.
Forehand	Done beforehand; anticipative.
Forehanded	Early; timely; seasonable.
Forehanded	Beforehand with one's needs, or having resources in advance of one's necessities; in easy circumstances; as, a forehanded farmer.
Forehanded	Formed in the forehand or fore parts.
Forehead	The front of that part of the head which incloses the brain; that part of the face above the eyes; the brow.
Forehead	The aspect or countenance; assurance.
Forehead	The front or fore part of anything.
Forehear	To hear beforehand.
Forehearth	The forward extension of the hearth of a blast furnace under the tymp.
Forehend	See Forhend.
Forehew	To hew or cut in front.
Forehold	The forward part of the hold of a ship.
Foreholding	Ominous foreboding; superstitious prognostication.
Forehook	A piece of timber placed across the stem, to unite the bows and strengthen the fore part of the ship; a breast hook.
Foreign	Outside; extraneous; separated; alien; as, a foreign country; a foreign government.
Foreign	Not native or belonging to a certain country; born in or belonging to another country, nation, sovereignty, or locality; as, a foreign language; foreign fruits.
Foreign	Remote; distant; strange; not belonging; not connected; not pertaining or pertient; not appropriate; not harmonious; not agreeable; not congenial; -- with to or from; as, foreign to the purpose; foreign to one's nature.
Foreign	Held at a distance; excluded; exiled.
Foreigner	A person belonging to or owning allegiance to a foreign country; one not native in the country or jurisdiction under consideration, or not naturalized there; an alien; a stranger.
Foreignism	Anything peculiar to a foreign language or people; a foreign idiom or custom.
Foreignness	The quality of being foreign; remoteness; want of relation or appropriateness.
Forein	Foreign.
Forejudge	To judge beforehand, or before hearing the facts and proof; to prejudge.
Forejudge	To expel from court for some offense or misconduct, as an attorney or officer; to deprive or put out of a thing by the judgment of a court.
Forejudger	A judgment by which one is deprived or put of a right or thing in question.
Forejudgment	Prejudgment.
Foreknew	of Foreknow
Foreknown	of Foreknow
Foreknowing	of Foreknow
Foreknow	To have previous knowledge of; to know beforehand.
Foreknowa-ble	That may be foreknown.
Foreknower	One who foreknows.
Foreknowingly	With foreknowledge.
Foreknowledge	Knowledge of a thing before it happens, or of whatever is to happen; prescience.
Forel	A kind of parchment for book covers. See Forrill.
Forel	To bind with a forel.
Foreland	A promontory or cape; a headland; as, the North and South Foreland in Kent, England.
Foreland	A piece of ground between the wall of a place and the moat.
Foreland	That portion of the natural shore on the outside of the embankment which receives the stock of waves and deadens their force.
Forelay	To lay down beforehand.
Forelay	To waylay. See Forlay.
Foreleader	One who leads others by his example; aguide.
Forelend	See Forlend.
Forelet	See Forlet.
Forelie	To lie in front of.
Forelift	To lift up in front.
Forelock	The lock of hair that grows from the forepart of the head.
Forelock	A cotter or split pin, as in a slot in a bolt, to prevent retraction; a linchpin; a pin fastening the cap-square of a gun.
Forelook	To look beforehand or forward.
Foremen	of Foreman
Foreman	The first or chief man
Foreman	The chief man of a jury, who acts as their speaker.
Foreman	The chief of a set of hands employed in a shop, or on works of any kind, who superintends the rest; an overseer.
Foremast	The mast nearest the bow.
Foremeant	Intended beforehand; premeditated.
Forementioned	Mentioned before; already cited; aforementioned.
Foremilk	The milk secreted just before, or directly after, the birth of a child or of the young of an animal; colostrum.
Foremost	First in time or place; most advanced; chief in rank or dignity; as, the foremost troops of an army.
Foremostly	In the foremost place or order; among the foremost.
Foremother	A female ancestor.
Forename	A name that precedes the family name or surname; a first name.
Forename	To name or mention before.
Forenamed	Named before; aforenamed.
Forenenst	Over against; opposite to.
Fore-night	The evening between twilight and bedtime.
Forenoon	The early part of the day, from morning to meridian, or noon.
Forenotice	Notice or information of an event before it happens; forewarning.
Forensal	Forensic.
Forensic	Belonging to courts of judicature or to public discussion and debate; used in legal proceedings, or in public discussions; argumentative; rhetorical; as, forensic eloquence or disputes.
Forensic	An exercise in debate; a forensic contest; an argumentative thesis.
Forensical	Forensic.
Foreordain	To ordain or appoint beforehand; to preordain; to predestinate; to predetermine.
Foreordinate	To foreordain.
Foreordination	Previous ordination or appointment; predetermination; predestination.
Fore part	Alt. of Forepart
Forepart	The part most advanced, or first in time or in place; the beginning.
Forepast	Bygone.
Forepossessed	Holding or held formerly in possession.
Forepossessed	Preoccupied; prepossessed; preengaged.
Foreprize	To prize or rate beforehand.
Forepromised	Promised beforehand; preengaged.
Forequoted	Cited before; quoted in a foregoing part of the treatise or essay.
Foreran	imp. of Forerun.
Forerank	The first rank; the front.
Forereach	To advance or gain upon; -- said of a vessel that gains upon another when sailing closehauled.
Forereach	To shoot ahead, especially when going in stays.
Foreread	To tell beforehand; to signify by tokens; to predestine.
Forerecited	Named or recited before.
Foreremembered	Called to mind previously.
Foreright	Ready; directly forward; going before.
Foreright	Right forward; onward.
Forerun	To turn before; to precede; to be in advance of (something following).
Forerun	To come before as an earnest of something to follow; to introduce as a harbinger; to announce.
Forerunner	A messenger sent before to give notice of the approach of others; a harbinger; a sign foreshowing something; a prognostic; as, the forerunner of a fever.
Forerunner	A predecessor; an ancestor.
Forerunner	A piece of rag terminating the log line.
Foresaid	Mentioned before; aforesaid.
Foresail	The sail bent to the foreyard of a square-rigged vessel, being the lowest sail on the foremast.
Foresail	The gaff sail set on the foremast of a schooner.
Foresail	The fore staysail of a sloop, being the triangular sail next forward of the mast.
Foresay	To foretell.
Foresee	To see beforehand; to have prescience of; to foreknow.
Foresee	To provide.
Foresee	To have or exercise foresight.
Foreseen	Provided; in case that; on condition that.
Foreseer	One who foresees or foreknows.
Foreseize	To seize beforehand.
Foreshadow	To shadow or typi/y beforehand; to prefigure.
Foreshew	See Foreshow.
Foreship	The fore part of a ship.
Foreshorten	To represent on a plane surface, as if extended in a direction toward the spectator or nearly so; to shorten by drawing in perspective.
Foreshorten	Fig.: To represent pictorially to the imagination.
Foreshortening	Representation in a foreshortened mode or way.
Foreshot	In distillation of low wines, the first portion of spirit that comes over, being a fluid abounding in fusel oil.
Foreshow	To show or exhibit beforehand; to give foreknowledge of; to prognosticate; to foretell.
Foreshower	One who predicts.
Foreside	The front side; the front; esp., a stretch of country fronting the sea.
Foreside	The outside or external covering.
Foresight	The act or the power of foreseeing; prescience; foreknowledge.
Foresight	Action in reference to the future; provident care; prudence; wise forethought.
Foresight	Any sight or reading of the leveling staff, except the backsight; any sight or bearing taken by a compass or theodolite in a forward direction.
Foresight	Muzzle sight. See Fore sight, under Fore, a.
Foresighted	Sagacious; prudent; provident for the future.
Foresightful	Foresighted.
Foresignify	To signify beforehand; to foreshow; to typify.
Foreskin	The fold of skin which covers the glans of the penis; the prepuce.
Foreskirt	The front skirt of a garment, in distinction from the train.
Foreslack	See Forslack.
Foresleeve	The sleeve below the elbow.
Foreslow	To make slow; to hinder; to obstruct. [Obs.] See Forslow, v. t.
Foreslow	To loiter. [Obs.] See Forslow, v. i.
Forespeak	See Forspeak.
Forespeak	To foretell; to predict.
Forespeaking	A prediction; also, a preface.
Forespeech	A preface.
Forespent	Already spent; gone by; past.
Forespent	See Forspent.
Forespurrer	One who rides before; a harbinger.
Forest	An extensive wood; a large tract of land covered with trees; in the United States, a wood of native growth, or a tract of woodland which has never been cultivated.
Forest	A large extent or precinct of country, generally waste and woody, belonging to the sovereign, set apart for the keeping of game for his use, not inclosed, but distinguished by certain limits, and protected by certain laws, courts, and officers of its own.
Forest	Of or pertaining to a forest; sylvan.
Forest	To cover with trees or wood.
Forestaff	An instrument formerly used at sea for taking the altitudes of heavenly bodies, now superseded by the sextant; -- called also cross-staff.
Forestage	A duty or tribute payable to the king's foresters.
Forestage	A service paid by foresters to the king.
Forestal	Of or pertaining to forests; as, forestal rights.
Forestalled	of Forestall
Forestalling	of Forestall
Forestall	To take beforehand, or in advance; to anticipate.
Forestall	To take possession of, in advance of some one or something else, to the exclusion or detriment of the latter; to get ahead of; to preoccupy; also, to exclude, hinder, or prevent, by prior occupation, or by measures taken in advance.
Forestall	To deprive; -- with of.
Forestall	To obstruct or stop up, as a way; to stop the passage of on highway; to intercept on the road, as goods on the way to market.
Forestaller	One who forestalls; esp., one who forestalls the market.
Forestay	A large, strong rope, reaching from the foremast head to the bowsprit, to support the mast. See Illust. under Ship.
Forester	One who has charge of the growing timber on an estate; an officer appointed to watch a forest and preserve the game.
Forester	An inhabitant of a forest.
Forester	A forest tree.
Forester	A lepidopterous insect belonging to Alypia and allied genera; as, the eight-spotted forester (A. octomaculata), which in the larval state is injurious to the grapevine.
Forestick	Front stick of a hearth fire.
Forestry	The art of forming or of cultivating forests; the management of growing timber.
Foreswart	Alt. of Foreswart
Foreswart	See Forswat.
Foretaste	A taste beforehand; enjoyment in advance; anticipation.
Foretaste	To taste before full possession; to have previous enjoyment or experience of; to anticipate.
Foretaste	To taste before another.
Foretaster	One who tastes beforehand, or before another.
Foreteach	To teach beforehand.
Foretold	of Foretell
Foretelling	of Foretell
Foretell	To predict; to tell before occurence; to prophesy; to foreshow.
Foretell	To utter predictions.
Foreteller	One who predicts.
Forethink	To think beforehand; to anticipate in the mind; to prognosticate.
Forethink	To contrive (something) beforehend.
Forethink	To contrive beforehand.
Forethought	Thought of, or planned, beforehand; aforethought; prepense; hence, deliberate.
Forethought	A thinking or planning beforehand; prescience; premeditation; forecast; provident care.
Forethoughtful	Having forethought.
Foretime	The past; the time before the present.
Foretoken	Prognostic; previous omen.
Foretokened	of Foretoken
Foretokening	of Foretoken
Foretoken	To foreshow; to presignify; to prognosticate.
Fore teeth	of Fore tooth
Fore tooth	One of the teeth in the forepart of the mouth; an incisor.
Foretop	The hair on the forepart of the head; esp., a tuft or lock of hair which hangs over the forehead, as of a horse.
Foretop	That part of a headdress that is in front; the top of a periwig.
Foretop	The platform at the head of the foremast.
Fore-topgallant	Designating the mast, sail, yard, etc., above the topmast; as, the fore-topgallant sail. See Sail.
Fore-topmast	The mast erected at the head of the foremast, and at the head of which stands the fore-topgallant mast. See Ship.
Fore-topsail	See Sail.
Forever	Through eternity; through endless ages, eternally.
Forever	At all times; always.
Forevouched	Formerly vouched or avowed; affirmed in advance.
Foreward	The van; the front.
Forewarned	of Forewarn
Forewarning	of Forewarn
Forewarn	To warn beforehand; to give previous warning, admonition, information, or notice to; to caution in advance.
Forewaste	See Forewaste.
Forewend	To go before.
Forewish	To wish beforehand.
Forewit	A leader, or would-be leader, in matters of knowledge or taste.
Forewit	Foresight; prudence.
Forewot	of Forewite
Forewost	of Forewite
Forewiten	of Forewite
Forewiste	of Forewite
Forewisten	of Forewite
Forewiting	of Forewite
Forewite	To foreknow.
Forewomen	of Forewoman
Forewoman	A woman who is chief; a woman who has charge of the work or workers in a shop or other place; a head woman.
Foreword	A preface.
Foreworn	Worn out; wasted; used up.
Forewot	pres. indic., 1st & 3d pers. sing. of Forewite.
Foreyard	The lowermost yard on the foremast.
Forfalture	Forfeiture.
Forfeit	Injury; wrong; mischief.
Forfeit	A thing forfeit or forfeited; what is or may be taken from one in requital of a misdeed committed; that which is lost, or the right to which is alienated, by a crime, offense, neglect of duty, or breach of contract; hence, a fine; a mulct; a penalty; as, he who murders pays the forfeit of his life.
Forfeit	Something deposited and redeemable by a sportive fine; -- whence the game of forfeits.
Forfeit	Lost or alienated for an offense or crime; liable to penal seizure.
Forfeited	of Forfeit
Forfeiting	of Forfeit
Forfeit	To lose, or lose the right to, by some error, fault, offense, or crime; to render one's self by misdeed liable to be deprived of; to alienate the right to possess, by some neglect or crime; as, to forfeit an estate by treason; to forfeit reputation by a breach of promise; -- with to before the one acquiring what is forfeited.
Forfeit	To be guilty of a misdeed; to be criminal; to transgress.
Forfeit	To fail to keep an obligation.
Forfeit	In the condition of being forfeited; subject to alienation.
Fourfeitable	Liable to be forfeited; subject to forfeiture.
Forfeiter	One who incurs a penalty of forfeiture.
Forfeiture	The act of forfeiting; the loss of some right, privilege, estate, honor, office, or effects, by an offense, crime, breach of condition, or other act.
Forfeiture	That which is forfeited; a penalty; a fine or mulct.
Forfend	To prohibit; to forbid; to avert.
Forfered	Excessively alarmed; in great fear.
Forfete	To incur a penalty; to transgress.
Forfex	A pair of shears.
Forficate	Deeply forked, as the tail of certain birds.
Forficula	A genus of insects including the earwigs. See Earwig, 1.
Forgather	To convene; to gossip; to meet accidentally.
Forgave	imp. of Forgive.
Forge	A place or establishment where iron or other metals are wrought by heating and hammering; especially, a furnace, or a shop with its furnace, etc., where iron is heated and wrought; a smithy.
Forge	The works where wrought iron is produced directly from the ore, or where iron is rendered malleable by puddling and shingling; a shingling mill.
Forge	The act of beating or working iron or steel; the manufacture of metalic bodies.
Forged	of Forge
Forging	of Forge
Forge	To form by heating and hammering; to beat into any particular shape, as a metal.
Forge	To form or shape out in any way; to produce; to frame; to invent.
Forge	To coin.
Forge	To make falsely; to produce, as that which is untrue or not genuine; to fabricate; to counterfeit, as, a signature, or a signed document.
Forge	To commit forgery.
Forge	To move heavily and slowly, as a ship after the sails are furled; to work one's way, as one ship in outsailing another; -- used especially in the phrase to forge ahead.
Forge	To impel forward slowly; as, to forge a ship forward.
Forgemen	of Forgeman
Forgeman	A skilled smith, who has a hammerer to assist him.
Forger	One who forges, makes, of forms; a fabricator; a falsifier.
Forger	Especially: One guilty of forgery; one who makes or issues a counterfeit document.
Forgeries	of Forgery
Forgery	The act of forging metal into shape.
Forgery	The act of forging, fabricating, or producing falsely; esp., the crime of fraudulently making or altering a writing or signature purporting to be made by another; the false making or material alteration of or addition to a written instrument for the purpose of deceit and fraud; as, the forgery of a bond.
Forgery	That which is forged, fabricated, falsely devised, or counterfeited.
Forgot	of Forget
Forgat	of Forget
Forgotten	of Forget
Forgot	of Forget
Forgetting	of Forget
Forget	To lose the remembrance of; to let go from the memory; to cease to have in mind; not to think of; also, to lose the power of; to cease from doing.
Forget	To treat with inattention or disregard; to slight; to neglect.
Forgetful	Apt to forget; easily losing remembrance; as, a forgetful man should use helps to strengthen his memory.
Forgetful	Heedless; careless; neglectful; inattentive.
Forgetful	Causing to forget; inducing oblivion; oblivious.
Forgetfully	In a forgetful manner.
Forgetfulness	The quality of being forgetful; prononess to let slip from the mind.
Forgetfulness	Loss of remembrance or recollection; a ceasing to remember; oblivion.
Forgetfulness	Failure to bear in mind; careless omission; inattention; as, forgetfulness of duty.
Forgetive	Inventive; productive; capable.
Forget-me-not	A small herb, of the genus Myosotis (M. palustris, incespitosa, etc.), bearing a beautiful blue flower, and extensively considered the emblem of fidelity.
Forgettable	Liable to be, or that may be, forgotten.
Forgetter	One who forgets; a heedless person.
Forgettingly	By forgetting.
Forging	The act of shaping metal by hammering or pressing.
Forging	The act of counterfeiting.
Forging	A piece of forged work in metal; -- a general name for a piece of hammered iron or steel.
Forgivable	Capable of being forgiven; pardonable; venial.
Forgave	of Forgive
Forgiven	of Forgive
Forgiving	of Forgive
Forgive	To give wholly; to make over without reservation; to resign.
Forgive	To give up resentment or claim to requital on account of (an offense or wrong); to remit the penalty of; to pardon; -- said in reference to the act forgiven.
Forgive	To cease to feel resentment against, on account of wrong committed; to give up claim to requital from or retribution upon (an offender); to absolve; to pardon; -- said of the person offending.
Forgiveness	The act of forgiving; the state of being forgiven; as, the forgiveness of sin or of injuries.
Forgiveness	Disposition to pardon; willingness to forgive.
Forgiver	One who forgives.
Forgiving	Disposed to forgive; inclined to overlook offenses; mild; merciful; compassionate; placable; as, a forgiving temper.
Forwent	of Forgo
Forgone	of Forgo
Forgoing	of Forgo
Forgo	To pass by; to leave. See 1st Forego.
Forgot	imp. & p. p. of Forget.
Forgotten	p. p. of Forget.
Forhall	To harass; to torment; to distress.
Forhend	To seize upon.
Forinsecal	Foreign; alien.
Forisfamiliated	of Forisfamiliate
Forisfamiliating	of Forisfamiliate
Forisfamiliate	Literally, to put out of a family; hence, to portion off, so as to exclude further claim of inheritance; to emancipate (as a with his own consent) from paternal authority.
Forisfamiliate	To renounce a legal title to a further share of paternal inheritance.
Forisfamiliation	The act of forisfamiliating.
Fork	An instrument consisting of a handle with a shank terminating in two or more prongs or tines, which are usually of metal, parallel and slightly curved; -- used from piercing, holding, taking up, or pitching anything.
Fork	Anything furcate or like a fork in shape, or furcate at the extremity; as, a tuning fork.
Fork	One of the parts into which anything is furcated or divided; a prong; a branch of a stream, a road, etc.; a barbed point, as of an arrow.
Fork	The place where a division or a union occurs; the angle or opening between two branches or limbs; as, the fork of a river, a tree, or a road.
Fork	The gibbet.
Forked	of Fork
Forking	of Fork
Fork	To shoot into blades, as corn.
Fork	To divide into two or more branches; as, a road, a tree, or a stream forks.
Fork	To raise, or pitch with a fork, as hay; to dig or turn over with a fork, as the soil.
Forkbeard	A European fish (Raniceps raninus), having a large flat head; -- also called tadpole fish, and lesser forked beard.
Forkbeard	The European forked hake or hake's-dame (Phycis blennoides); -- also called great forked beard.
Forked	Formed into a forklike shape; having a fork; dividing into two or more prongs or branches; furcated; bifurcated; zigzag; as, the forked lighting.
Forked	Having a double meaning; ambiguous; equivocal.
Forkerve	See Forcarve, v. t.
Forkiness	The quality or state or dividing in a forklike manner.
Forkless	Having no fork.
Forktail	One of several Asiatic and East Indian passerine birds, belonging to Enucurus, and allied genera. The tail is deeply forking.
Forktail	A salmon in its fourth year's growth.
Fork-tailed	Having the outer tail feathers longer than the median ones; swallow-tailed; -- said of many birds.
Forky	Opening into two or more parts or shoots; forked; furcated.
Forlaft	p. p. of Forleave.
Forlay	To lie in wait for; to ambush.
Forleave	To leave off wholly.
Forlend	To give up wholly.
Forlore	of Forlese
Forlorn	of Forlese
Forlese	To lose utterly.
Forlet	To give up; to leave; to abandon.
Forlie	See Forelie.
Forlore	imp. pl. & p. p. of Forlese.
Forlorn	Deserted; abandoned; lost.
Forlorn	Destitute; helpless; in pitiful plight; wretched; miserable; almost hopeless; desperate.
Forlorn	A lost, forsaken, or solitary person.
Forlorn	A forlorn hope; a vanguard.
Forlornly	In a forlorn manner.
Forlornness	State of being forlorn.
Forlye	Same as Forlie.
form	A suffix used to denote in the form / shape of, resembling, etc.; as, valiform; oviform.
Form	The shape and structure of anything, as distinguished from the material of which it is composed; particular disposition or arrangement of matter, giving it individuality or distinctive character; configuration; figure; external appearance.
Form	Constitution; mode of construction, organization, etc.; system; as, a republican form of government.
Form	Established method of expression or practice; fixed way of proceeding; conventional or stated scheme; formula; as, a form of prayer.
Form	Show without substance; empty, outside appearance; vain, trivial, or conventional ceremony; conventionality; formality; as, a matter of mere form.
Form	Orderly arrangement; shapeliness; also, comeliness; elegance; beauty.
Form	A shape; an image; a phantom.
Form	That by which shape is given or determined; mold; pattern; model.
Form	A long seat; a bench; hence, a rank of students in a school; a class; also, a class or rank in society.
Form	The seat or bed of a hare.
Form	The type or other matter from which an impression is to be taken, arranged and secured in a chase.
Form	The boundary line of a material object. In painting, more generally, the human body.
Form	The particular shape or structure of a word or part of speech; as, participial forms; verbal forms.
Form	The combination of planes included under a general crystallographic symbol. It is not necessarily a closed solid.
Form	That assemblage or disposition of qualities which makes a conception, or that internal constitution which makes an existing thing to be what it is; -- called essential or substantial form, and contradistinguished from matter; hence, active or formative nature; law of being or activity; subjectively viewed, an idea; objectively, a law.
Form	Mode of acting or manifestation to the senses, or the intellect; as, water assumes the form of ice or snow. In modern usage, the elements of a conception furnished by the mind's own activity, as contrasted with its object or condition, which is called the matter; subjectively, a mode of apprehension or belief conceived as dependent on the constitution of the mind; objectively, universal and necessary accompaniments or elements of every object known or thought of.
Form	The peculiar characteristics of an organism as a type of others; also, the structure of the parts of an animal or plant.
Formed	of Form
Forming	of Form
Form	To give form or shape to; to frame; to construct; to make; to fashion.
Form	To give a particular shape to; to shape, mold, or fashion into a certain state or condition; to arrange; to adjust; also, to model by instruction and discipline; to mold by influence, etc.; to train.
Form	To go to make up; to act as constituent of; to be the essential or constitutive elements of; to answer for; to make the shape of; -- said of that out of which anything is formed or constituted, in whole or in part.
Form	To provide with a form, as a hare. See Form, n., 9.
Form	To derive by grammatical rules, as by adding the proper suffixes and affixes.
Form	To take a form, definite shape, or arrangement; as, the infantry should form in column.
Form	To run to a form, as a hare.
Formal	See Methylal.
Formal	Belonging to the form, shape, frame, external appearance, or organization of a thing.
Formal	Belonging to the constitution of a thing, as distinguished from the matter composing it; having the power of making a thing what it is; constituent; essential; pertaining to or depending on the forms, so called, of the human intellect.
Formal	Done in due form, or with solemnity; according to regular method; not incidental, sudden or irregular; express; as, he gave his formal consent.
Formal	Devoted to, or done in accordance with, forms or rules; punctilious; regular; orderly; methodical; of a prescribed form; exact; prim; stiff; ceremonious; as, a man formal in his dress, his gait, his conversation.
Formal	Having the form or appearance without the substance or essence; external; as, formal duty; formal worship; formal courtesy, etc.
Formal	Dependent in form; conventional.
Formal	Sound; normal.
Formaldehyde	A colorless, volatile liquid, H2CO, resembling acetic or ethyl aldehyde, and chemically intermediate between methyl alcohol and formic acid.
Formalism	The practice or the doctrine of strict adherence to, or dependence on, external forms, esp. in matters of religion.
Formalist	One overattentive to forms, or too much confined to them; esp., one who rests in external religious forms, or observes strictly the outward forms of worship, without possessing the life and spirit of religion.
Formalities	of Formality
Formality	The condition or quality of being formal, strictly ceremonious, precise, etc.
Formality	Form without substance.
Formality	Compliance with formal or conventional rules; ceremony; conventionality.
Formality	An established order; conventional rule of procedure; usual method; habitual mode.
Formality	The dress prescribed for any body of men, academical, municipal, or sacerdotal.
Formality	That which is formal; the formal part.
Formality	The quality which makes a thing what it is; essence.
Formality	The manner in which a thing is conceived or constituted by an act of human thinking; the result of such an act; as, animality and rationality are formalities.
Formalized	of Formalize
Formalizing	of Formalize
Formalize	To give form, or a certain form, to; to model.
Formalize	To render formal.
Formalize	To affect formality.
Formally	In a formal manner; essentially; characteristically; expressly; regularly; ceremoniously; precisely.
Formate	A salt of formic acid.
Formation	The act of giving form or shape to anything; a forming; a shaping.
Formation	The manner in which a thing is formed; structure; construction; conformation; form; as, the peculiar formation of the heart.
Formation	A substance formed or deposited.
Formation	Mineral deposits and rock masses designated with reference to their origin; as, the siliceous formation about geysers; alluvial formations; marine formations.
Formation	A group of beds of the same age or period; as, the Eocene formation.
Formation	The arrangement of a body of troops, as in a square, column, etc.
Formative	Giving form; having the power of giving form; plastic; as, the formative arts.
Formative	Serving to form; derivative; not radical; as, a termination merely formative.
Formative	Capable of growth and development; germinal; as, living or formative matter.
Formative	That which serves merely to give form, and is no part of the radical, as the prefix or the termination of a word.
Formative	A word formed in accordance with some rule or usage, as from a root.
Forme	Same as Pate or Patte.
Forme	First.
Formed	Arranged, as stars in a constellation; as, formed stars.
Formed	Having structure; capable of growth and development; organized; as, the formed or organized ferments. See Ferment, n.
Formedon	A writ of right for a tenant in tail in case of a discontinuance of the estate tail. This writ has been abolished.
Formell	The female of a hawk or falcon.
Former	One who forms; a maker; a creator.
Former	A shape around which an article is to be shaped, molded, woven wrapped, pasted, or otherwise constructed.
Former	A templet, pattern, or gauge by which an article is shaped.
Former	A cutting die.
Former	Preceding in order of time; antecedent; previous; prior; earlier; hence, ancient; long past.
Former	Near the beginning; preceeding; as, the former part of a discourse or argument.
Former	Earlier, as between two things mentioned together; first mentioned.
Formeret	One of the half ribs against the walls in a ceiling vaulted with ribs.
Formerly	In time past, either in time immediately preceding or at any indefinite distance; of old; heretofore.
Formful	Creative; imaginative.
Formic	Pertaining to, or derived from, ants; as, formic acid; in an extended sense, pertaining to, or derived from, formic acid; as, formic ether.
Formica	A Linnaean genus of hymenopterous insects, including the common ants. See Ant.
Formicaroid	Like or pertaining to the family Formicaridae or ant thrushes.
Formicary	The nest or dwelling of a swarm of ants; an ant-hill.
Formicate	Resembling, or pertaining to, an ant or ants.
Formication	A sensation resembling that made by the creeping of ants on the skin.
Formicid	Pertaining to the ants.
Formicid	One of the family Formicidae, or ants.
Formidability	Formidableness.
Formidable	Exciting fear or apprehension; impressing dread; adapted to excite fear and deter from approach, encounter, or undertaking; alarming.
Formidableness	The quality of being formidable, or adapted to excite dread.
Formidably	In a formidable manner.
Formidolose	Very much afraid.
Forming	The act or process of giving form or shape to anything; as, in shipbuilding, the exact shaping of partially shaped timbers.
Formless	Shapeless; without a determinate form; wanting regularity of shape.
Formulas	of Formula
Formulae	of Formula
Formula	A prescribed or set form; an established rule; a fixed or conventional method in which anything is to be done, arranged, or said.
Formula	A written confession of faith; a formal statement of foctrines.
Formula	A rule or principle expressed in algebraic language; as, the binominal formula.
Formula	A prescription or recipe for the preparation of a medicinal compound.
Formula	A symbolic expression (by means of letters, figures, etc.) of the constituents or constitution of a compound.
Formularistic	Pertaining to, or exhibiting, formularization.
Formularization	The act of formularizing; a formularized or formulated statement or exhibition.
Formularize	To reduce to a forula; to formulate.
Formulary	Stated; prescribed; ritual.
Formularies	of Formulary
Formulary	A book containing stated and prescribed forms, as of oaths, declarations, prayers, medical formulaae, etc.; a book of precedents.
Formulary	Prescribed form or model; formula.
Formulated	of Formulate
Formulating	of Formulate
Formulate	To reduce to, or express in, a formula; to put in a clear and definite form of statement or expression.
Formulation	The act, process, or result of formulating or reducing to a formula.
Formule	A set or prescribed model; a formula.
Formulization	The act or process of reducing to a formula; the state of being formulized.
Formulized	of Formulize
Formulizing	of Formulize
Formulize	To reduce to a formula; to formulate.
Formyl	A univalent radical, H.C:O, regarded as the essential residue of formic acid and aldehyde.
Formyl	Formerly, the radical methyl, CH3.
Forncast	Predestined.
Fornical	Relating to a fornix.
Fornicate	Alt. of Fornicated
Fornicated	Vaulted like an oven or furnace; arched.
Fornicated	Arching over; overarched.
Fornicate	To commit fornication; to have unlawful sexual intercourse.
Fornication	Unlawful sexual intercourse on the part of an unmarried person; the act of such illicit sexual intercourse between a man and a woman as does not by law amount to adultery.
Fornication	Adultery.
Fornication	Incest.
Fornication	Idolatry.
Fornicator	An unmarried person, male or female, who has criminal intercourse with the other sex; one guilty of fornication.
Fornicatress	A woman guilty of fornication.
Fornices	of Fornix
Fornix	An arch or fold; as, the fornix, or vault, of the cranium; the fornix, or reflection, of the conjuctiva.
Fornix	Esp., two longitudinal bands of white nervous tissue beneath the lateral ventricles of the brain.
Forold	Very old.
Forpass	To pass by or along; to pass over.
Forpine	To waste away completely by suffering or torment.
Forray	To foray; to ravage; to pillage.
Forray	The act of ravaging; a ravaging; a predatory excursion. See Foray.
Forrill	Lambskin parchment; vellum; forel.
Forsook	of Forsake
Forsaken	of Forsake
Forsaking	of Forsake
Forsake	To quit or leave entirely; to desert; to abandon; to depart or withdraw from; to leave; as, false friends and flatterers forsake us in adversity.
Forsake	To renounce; to reject; to refuse.
Forsaker	One who forsakes or deserts.
Forsay	To forbid; to renounce; to forsake; to deny.
Forshape	To render misshapen.
Forslack	To neglect by idleness; to delay or to waste by sloth.
Forslouthe	To lose by sloth or negligence.
Forslow	To delay; to hinder; to neglect; to put off.
Forslow	To loiter.
Forslugge	To lsoe by idleness or slotch.
Forsooth	In truth; in fact; certainly; very well; -- formerly used as an expression of deference or respect, especially to woman; now used ironically or contemptuously.
Forsooth	To address respectfully with the term forsooth.
Forsooth	A person who used forsooth much; a very ceremonious and deferential person.
Forspeak	To forbid; to prohibit.
Forspeak	To bewitch.
Forspent	Wasted in strength; tired; exhausted.
Forstall	To forestall.
Forster	A forester.
Forstraught	Distracted.
Forswat	Spent with heat; covered with sweat.
Forswore	of Forswear
Forsworn	of Forswear
Forswearing	of Forswear
Forswear	To reject or renounce upon oath; hence, to renounce earnestly, determinedly, or with protestations.
Forswear	To deny upon oath.
Forswear	To swear falsely; to commit perjury.
Forswearer	One who rejects of renounces upon oath; one who swears a false oath.
Forswonk	Overlabored; exhausted; worn out.
Forswore	imp. of Forswear.
Forsworn	p. p. of Forswear.
Forswornness	State of being forsworn.
Forsythia	A shrub of the Olive family, with yellow blossoms.
Fort	A strong or fortified place; usually, a small fortified place, occupied only by troops, surrounded with a ditch, rampart, and parapet, or with palisades, stockades, or other means of defense; a fortification.
Fortalice	A small outwork of a fortification; a fortilage; -- called also fortelace.
Forte	The strong point; that in which one excels.
Forte	The stronger part of the blade of a sword; the part of half nearest the hilt; -- opposed to foible.
Forte	Loudly; strongly; powerfully.
Forted	Furnished with, or guarded by, forts; strengthened or defended, as by forts.
Forth	Forward; onward in time, place, or order; in advance from a given point; on to end; as, from that day forth; one, two, three, and so forth.
Forth	Out, as from a state of concealment, retirement, confinement, nondevelopment, or the like; out into notice or view; as, the plants in spring put forth leaves.
Forth	Beyond a (certain) boundary; away; abroad; out.
Forth	Throughly; from beginning to end.
Forth	Forth from; out of.
Forth	A way; a passage or ford.
Forthby	See Forby.
Forthcoming	Ready or about to appear; making appearance.
Forthgoing	A going forth; an utterance.
Forthgoing	Going forth.
Forthink	To repent; to regret; to be sorry for; to cause regret.
Forthputing	Bold; forward; aggressive.
Forthright	Straight forward; in a straight direction.
Forthright	Direct; straightforward; as, a forthright man.
Forthright	A straight path.
Forthrightness	Straightforwardness; explicitness; directness.
Forthward	Forward.
Forthwith	Immediately; without delay; directly.
Forthwith	As soon as the thing required may be done by reasonable exertion confined to that object.
Forthy	Therefore.
Forties	See Forty.
Fortieth	Following the thirty-ninth, or preceded by thirty-nine units, things, or parts.
Fortieth	Constituting one of forty equal parts into which anything is divided.
Fortieth	One of forty equal parts into which one whole is divided; the quotient of a unit divided by forty; one next in order after the thirty-ninth.
Fortifiable	Capable of being fortified.
Fortification	The act of fortifying; the art or science of fortifying places in order to defend them against an enemy.
Fortification	That which fortifies; especially, a work or works erected to defend a place against attack; a fortified place; a fortress; a fort; a castle.
Fortifier	One who, or that which, fortifies, strengthens, supports, or upholds.
Fortified	of Fortify
Fortifying	of Fortify
Fortify	To add strength to; to strengthen; to confirm; to furnish with power to resist attack.
Fortify	To strengthen and secure by forts or batteries, or by surrounding with a wall or ditch or other military works; to render defensible against an attack by hostile forces.
Fortify	To raise defensive works.
Fortilage	A little fort; a blockhouse.
Fortin	A little fort; a fortlet.
Fortissimo	Very loud; with the utmost strength or loudness.
Fortition	Casual choice; fortuitous selection; hazard.
Fortitude	Power to resist attack; strength; firmness.
Fortitude	That strength or firmness of mind which enables a person to encounter danger with coolness and courage, or to bear pain or adversity without murmuring, depression, or despondency; passive courage; resolute endurance; firmness in confronting or bearing up against danger or enduring trouble.
Fortitudinous	Having fortitude; courageous.
Fortlet	A little fort.
Fortnight	The space of fourteen days; two weeks.
Fortnightly	Occurring or appearing once in a fortnight; as, a fortnightly meeting of a club; a fortnightly magazine, or other publication.
Fortnightly	Once in a fortnight; at intervals of a fortnight.
Fortread	To tread down; to trample upon.
Fortresses	of Fortress
Fortress	A fortified place; a large and permanent fortification, sometimes including a town; a fort; a castle; a stronghold; a place of defense or security.
Fortress	To furnish with a fortress or with fortresses; to guard; to fortify.
Fortuitous	Happening by chance; coming or occuring unexpectedly, or without any known cause; chance; as, the fortuitous concourse of atoms.
Fortuitous	Happening independently of human will or means of foresight; resulting from unavoidable physical causes.
Fortuity	Accident; chance; casualty.
Fortunate	Coming by good luck or favorable chance; bringing some good thing not foreseen as certain; presaging happiness; auspicious; as, a fortunate event; a fortunate concurrence of circumstances; a fortunate investment.
Fortunate	Receiving same unforeseen or unexpected good, or some good which was not dependent on one's own skill or efforts; favored with good forune; lucky.
Fortunately	In a fortunate manner; luckily; successfully; happily.
Fortunateness	The condition or quality of being fortunate; good luck; success; happiness.
Fortune	The arrival of something in a sudden or unexpected manner; chance; accident; luck; hap; also, the personified or deified power regarded as determining human success, apportioning happiness and unhappiness, and distributing arbitrarily or fortuitously the lots of life.
Fortune	That which befalls or is to befall one; lot in life, or event in any particular undertaking; fate; destiny; as, to tell one's fortune.
Fortune	That which comes as the result of an undertaking or of a course of action; good or ill success; especially, favorable issue; happy event; success; prosperity as reached partly by chance and partly by effort.
Fortune	Wealth; large possessions; large estate; riches; as, a gentleman of fortune.
Fortune	To make fortunate; to give either good or bad fortune to.
Fortune	To provide with a fortune.
Fortune	To presage; to tell the fortune of.
Fortune	To fall out; to happen.
Fortuneless	Luckless; also, destitute of a fortune or portion.
Fortunize	To regulate the fortune of; to make happy.
Forty	Four times ten; thirty-nine and one more.
Forties	of Forty
Forty	The sum of four tens; forty units or objects.
Forty	A symbol expressing forty units; as, 40, or xl.
Forty-spot	The Tasmanian forty-spotted diamond bird (Pardalotus quadragintus).
Forums	of Forum
Fora	of Forum
Forum	A market place or public place in Rome, where causes were judicially tried, and orations delivered to the people.
Forum	A tribunal; a court; an assembly empowered to hear and decide causes.
Forwaked	Tired out with excessive waking or watching.
Forwander	To wander away; to go astray; to wander far and to weariness.
Forward	An agreement; a covenant; a promise.
Forward	Alt. of Forwards
Forwards	Toward a part or place before or in front; onward; in advance; progressively; -- opposed to backward.
Forward	Near, or at the fore part; in advance of something else; as, the forward gun in a ship, or the forward ship in a fleet.
Forward	Ready; prompt; strongly inclined; in an ill sense, overready; to hasty.
Forward	Ardent; eager; earnest; in an ill sense, less reserved or modest than is proper; bold; confident; as, the boy is too forward for his years.
Forward	Advanced beyond the usual degree; advanced for season; as, the grass is forward, or forward for the season; we have a forward spring.
Forwarded	of Forward
Forwarding	of Forward
Forward	To help onward; to advance; to promote; to accelerate; to quicken; to hasten; as, to forward the growth of a plant; to forward one in improvement.
Forward	To send forward; to send toward the place of destination; to transmit; as, to forward a letter.
Forwarder	One who forwards or promotes; a promoter.
Forwarder	One who sends forward anything; (Com.) one who transmits goods; a forwarding merchant.
Forwarder	One employed in forwarding.
Forwarding	The act of one who forwards; the act or occupation of transmitting merchandise or other property for others.
Forwarding	The process of putting a book into its cover, and making it ready for the finisher.
Forwardly	Eagerly; hastily; obtrusively.
Forwardness	The quality of being forward; cheerful readiness; promtness; as, the forwardness of Christians in propagating the gospel.
Forwardness	An advanced stage of progress or of preparation; advancement; as, his measures were in great forwardness.
Forwardness	Eagerness; ardor; as, it is difficult to restrain the forwardness of youth.
Forwardness	Boldness; confidence; assurance; want of due reserve or modesty.
Forwardness	A state of advance beyond the usual degree; prematureness; precocity; as, the forwardnessof spring or of corn; the forwardness of a pupil.
Forwards	Same as Forward.
Forwaste	To desolate or lay waste utterly.
Forwweary	To weary extremely; to dispirit.
Forweep	To weep much.
Forwete	See Forewite.
Forwhy	Wherefore; because.
Forworn	Much worn.
Forwot	pres. indic. 1st & 3d pers. sing. of Forwete.
Forwrap	To wrap up; to conceal.
Foryelde	To repay; to requite.
Foryete	To forget.
Foryetten	p. p. of Foryete.
Forzando	See Sforzato.
FossAe	of Fossa
Fossa	A pit, groove, cavity, or depression, of greater or less depth; as, the temporal fossa on the side of the skull; the nasal fossae containing the nostrils in most birds.
Fossane	A species of civet (Viverra fossa) resembling the genet.
Fosse	A ditch or moat.
Fosse	See Fossa.
Fosset	A faucet.
Fossette	A little hollow; hence, a dimple.
Fossette	A small, deep-centered ulcer of the transparent cornea.
Fosseway	One of the great military roads constructed by the Romans in England and other parts of Europe; -- so called from the fosse or ditch on each side for keeping it dry.
Fossil	Dug out of the earth; as, fossil coal; fossil salt.
Fossil	Like or pertaining to fossils; contained in rocks, whether petrified or not; as, fossil plants, shells.
Fossil	A substance dug from the earth.
Fossil	The remains of an animal or plant found in stratified rocks. Most fossils belong to extinct species, but many of the later ones belong to species still living.
Fossil	A person whose views and opinions are extremely antiquated; one whose sympathies are with a former time rather than with the present.
Fossiliferous	Containing or composed of fossils.
Fossilification	The process of becoming fossil.
Fossilism	The science or state of fossils.
Fossilism	The state of being extremely antiquated in views and opinions.
Fossilist	One who is versed in the science of fossils; a paleontologist.
Fossilization	The process of converting, or of being converted, into a fossil.
Fossilized	of Fossilize
Fossilizing	of Fossilize
Fossilize	To convert into a fossil; to petrify; as, to fossilize bones or wood.
Fossilize	To cause to become antiquated, rigid, or fixed, as by fossilization; to mummify; to deaden.
Fossilize	To become fossil.
Fossilize	To become antiquated, rigid, or fixed, beyond the influence of change or progress.
Fossilized	Converted into a fossil; antiquated; firmly fixed in views or opinions.
Fossores	A group of hymenopterous insects including the sand wasps. They excavate cells in earth, where they deposit their eggs, with the bodies of other insects for the food of the young when hatched.
Fossoria	See Fossores.
Fossorial	Fitted for digging, adapted for burrowing or digging; as, a fossorial foot; a fossorial animal.
Fossorious	Adapted for digging; -- said of the legs of certain insects.
Fossulate	Having, or surrounded by, long, narrow depressions or furrows.
Fostered	of Foster
Fostering	of Foster
Foster	To feed; to nourish; to support; to bring up.
Foster	To cherish; to promote the growth of; to encourage; to sustain and promote; as, to foster genius.
Foster	To be nourished or trained up together.
Foster	Relating to nourishment; affording, receiving, or sharing nourishment or nurture; -- applied to father, mother, child, brother, etc., to indicate that the person so called stands in the relation of parent, child, brother, etc., as regards sustenance and nurture, but not by tie of blood.
Foster	A forester.
Fosterage	The care of a foster child; the charge of nursing.
Foster	One who, or that which, fosters.
Fosterling	A foster child.
Fosterment	Food; nourishment.
Fostress	A woman who feeds and cherishes; a nurse.
Fother	A wagonload; a load of any sort.
Fother	See Fodder, a unit of weight.
Fothered	of Fother
Fothering	of Fother
Fother	To stop (a leak in a ship at sea) by drawing under its bottom a thrummed sail, so that the pressure of the water may force it into the crack.
Fotive	Nourishing.
Fotmal	Seventy pounds of lead.
Fougade	Alt. of Fougasse
Fougasse	A small mine, in the form of a well sunk from the surface of the ground, charged with explosive and projectiles. It is made in a position likely to be occupied by the enemy.
Fought	imp. & p. p. of Fight.
Foughten	p. p. of Fight.
Foul	A bird.
Foul	Covered with, or containing, extraneous matter which is injurious, noxious, offensive, or obstructive; filthy; dirty; not clean; polluted; nasty; defiled; as, a foul cloth; foul hands; a foul chimney; foul air; a ship's bottom is foul when overgrown with barnacles; a gun becomes foul from repeated firing; a well is foul with polluted water.
Foul	Scurrilous; obscene or profane; abusive; as, foul words; foul language.
Foul	Hateful; detestable; shameful; odious; wretched.
Foul	Loathsome; disgusting; as, a foul disease.
Foul	Ugly; homely; poor.
Foul	Not favorable; unpropitious; not fair or advantageous; as, a foul wind; a foul road; cloudy or rainy; stormy; not fair; -- said of the weather, sky, etc.
Foul	Not conformed to the established rules and customs of a game, conflict, test, etc.; unfair; dishonest; dishonorable; cheating; as, foul play.
Foul	Having freedom of motion interfered with by collision or entanglement; entangled; -- opposed to clear; as, a rope or cable may get foul while paying it out.
Fouled	of Foul
Fouling	of Foul
Foul	To make filthy; to defile; to daub; to dirty; to soil; as, to foul the face or hands with mire.
Foul	To incrust (the bore of a gun) with burnt powder in the process of firing.
Foul	To cover (a ship's bottom) with anything that impered its sailing; as, a bottom fouled with barnacles.
Foul	To entangle, so as to impede motion; as, to foul a rope or cable in paying it out; to come into collision with; as, one boat fouled the other in a race.
Foul	To become clogged with burnt powder in the process of firing, as a gun.
Foul	To become entagled, as ropes; to come into collision with something; as, the two boats fouled.
Foul	An entanglement; a collision, as in a boat race.
Foul	See Foul ball, under Foul, a.
Foulard	A thin, washable material of silk, or silk and cotton, originally imported from India, but now also made elsewhere.
Foulder	To flash, as lightning; to lighten; to gleam; to thunder.
Foule	Foully.
Foully	In a foul manner; filthily; nastily; shamefully; unfairly; dishonorably.
Foul-mouthed	Using language scurrilous, opprobrious, obscene, or profane; abusive.
Foulness	The quality or condition of being foul.
Foul-spoken	Using profane, scurrilous, slanderous, or obscene language.
Foumart	The European polecat; -- called also European ferret, and fitchew. See Polecat.
Found	imp. & p. p. of Find.
Founded	of Found
Founding	of Found
Found	To form by melting a metal, and pouring it into a mold; to cast.
Found	A thin, single-cut file for combmakers.
Founded	of Found
Founding	of Found
Found	To lay the basis of; to set, or place, as on something solid, for support; to ground; to establish upon a basis, literal or figurative; to fix firmly.
Found	To take the ffirst steps or measures in erecting or building up; to furnish the materials for beginning; to begin to raise; to originate; as, to found a college; to found a family.
Foundation	The act of founding, fixing, establishing, or beginning to erect.
Foundation	That upon which anything is founded; that on which anything stands, and by which it is supported; the lowest and supporting layer of a superstructure; groundwork; basis.
Foundation	The lowest and supporting part or member of a wall, including the base course (see Base course (a), under Base, n.) and footing courses; in a frame house, the whole substructure of masonry.
Foundation	A donation or legacy appropriated to support a charitable institution, and constituting a permanent fund; endowment.
Foundation	That which is founded, or established by endowment; an endowed institution or charity.
Foundationer	One who derives support from the funds or foundation of a college or school.
Foundationless	Having no foundation.
Founder	One who founds, establishes, and erects; one who lays a foundation; an author; one from whom anything originates; one who endows.
Founder	One who founds; one who casts metals in various forms; a caster; as, a founder of cannon, bells, hardware, or types.
Foundered	of Founder
Foundering	of Founder
Founder	To become filled with water, and sink, as a ship.
Founder	To fall; to stumble and go lame, as a horse.
Founder	To fail; to miscarry.
Founder	To cause internal inflammation and soreness in the feet or limbs of (a horse), so as to disable or lame him.
Founder	A lameness in the foot of a horse, occasioned by inflammation; closh.
Founder	An inflammatory fever of the body, or acute rheumatism; as, chest founder. See Chest ffounder.
Founderous	Difficult to travel; likely to trip one up; as, a founderous road.
Foundershaft	The first shaft sunk.
Founderies	of Foundery
Foundery	Same as Foundry.
Founding	The art of smelting and casting metals.
Foundling	A deserted or exposed infant; a child found without a parent or owner.
Foundress	A female founder; a woman who founds or establishes, or who endows with a fund.
Foundries	of Foundry
Foundry	The act, process, or art of casting metals.
Foundry	The buildings and works for casting metals.
Fount	A font.
Fount	A fountain.
Fountain	A spring of water issuing from the earth.
Fountain	An artificially produced jet or stream of water; also, the structure or works in which such a jet or stream rises or flows; a basin built and constantly supplied with pure water for drinking and other useful purposes, or for ornament.
Fountain	A reservoir or chamber to contain a liquid which can be conducted or drawn off as needed for use; as, the ink fountain in a printing press, etc.
Fountain	The source from which anything proceeds, or from which anything is supplied continuously; origin; source.
Fountainless	Having no fountain; destitute of springs or sources of water.
Fountful	Full of fountains.
Four	One more than three; twice two.
Four	The sum of four units; four units or objects.
Four	A symbol representing four units, as 4 or iv.
Four	Four things of the same kind, esp. four horses; as, a chariot and four.
Fourb	Alt. of Fourbe
Fourbe	A trickly fellow; a cheat.
Fourche	Having the ends forked or branched, and the ends of the branches terminating abruptly as if cut off; -- said of an ordinary, especially of a cross.
Fourchette	A table fork.
Fourchette	A small fold of membrane, connecting the labia in the posterior part of the vulva.
Fourchette	The wishbone or furculum of birds.
Fourchette	The frog of the hoof of the horse and allied animals.
Fourchette	An instrument used to raise and support the tongue during the cutting of the fraenum.
Fourchette	The forked piece between two adjacent fingers, to which the front and back portions are sewed.
Four-cornered	Having four corners or angles.
Fourdrinier	A machine used in making paper; -- so named from an early inventor of improvements in this class of machinery.
Fourfold	Four times; quadruple; as, a fourfold division.
Fourfold	Four times as many or as much.
Fourfold	To make four times as much or as many, as an assessment,; to quadruple.
Fourfooted	Having four feet; quadruped; as, fourfooted beasts.
Fourgon	An ammunition wagon.
Fourgon	A French baggage wagon.
Fourhanded	Having four hands; quadrumanous.
Fourhanded	Requiring four "hands" or players; as, a fourhanded game at cards.
Fourierism	The cooperative socialistic system of Charles Fourier, a Frenchman, who recommended the reorganization of society into small communities, living in common.
Fourierist	Alt. of Fourierite
Fourierite	One who adopts the views of Fourier.
Four-in-hand	Consisting of four horses controlled by one person; as, a four-in-hand team; drawn by four horses driven by one person; as, a four-in-hand coach.
Four-in-hand	A team of four horses driven by one person; also, a vehicle drawn by such a team.
Fourling	One of four children born at the same time.
Fourling	A compound or twin crystal consisting of four individuals.
Fourneau	The chamber of a mine in which the powder is placed.
Four-o'clock	A plant of the genus Mirabilis. There are about half a dozen species, natives of the warmer parts of America. The common four-o'clock is M. Jalapa. Its flowers are white, yellow, and red, and open toward sunset, or earlier in cloudy weather; hence the name. It is also called marvel of Peru, and afternoon lady.
Four-o'clock	The friar bird; -- so called from its cry, which resembles these words.
Fourpence	A British silver coin, worth four pence; a groat.
Fourpence	A name formerly given in New England to the Spanish half real, a silver coin worth six and a quarter cents.
Four-poster	A large bedstead with tall posts at the corners to support curtains.
Fourrier	A harbinger.
Fourscore	Four times twenty; eighty.
Fourscore	The product of four times twenty; eighty units or objects.
Foursquare	Having four sides and four equal angles.
Fourteen	Four and ten more; twice seven.
Fourteen	The sum of ten and four; forteen units or objects.
Fourteen	A symbol representing fourteen, as 14 or xiv.
Fourteenth	Next in order after the thirteenth; as, the fourteenth day of the month.
Fourteenth	Making or constituting one of fourteen equal parts into which anything may be derived.
Fourteenth	One of fourteen equal parts into which one whole may be divided; the quotient of a unit divided by fourteen; one next after the thirteenth.
Fourteenth	The octave of the seventh.
Fourth	Next in order after the third; the ordinal of four.
Fourth	Forming one of four equal parts into which anything may be divided.
Fourth	One of four equal parts into which one whole may be divided; the quotient of a unit divided by four; one coming next in order after the third.
Fourth	The interval of two tones and a semitone, embracing four diatonic degrees of the scale; the subdominant of any key.
Fourthly	In the fourth place.
Four-way	Allowing passage in either of four directions; as, a four-way cock, or valve.
Four-wheeled	Having four wheels.
Four-wheeler	A vehicle having four wheels.
Foussa	A viverrine animal of Madagascar (Cryptoprocta ferox). It resembles a cat in size and form, and has retractile claws.
Fouter	A despicable fellow.
Foutra	A fig; -- a word of contempt.
Fouty	Despicable.
Foveae	of Fovea
Fovea	A slight depression or pit; a fossa.
Foveate	Having pits or depressions; pitted.
Foveolae	of Foveola
Foveola	A small depression or pit; a fovea.
Foveolate	Having small pits or depression, as the receptacle in some composite flowers.
Foveolated	Foveolate.
Fovillae	of Fovilla
Fovilla	One of the fine granules contained in the protoplasm of a pollen grain.
Fowls	of Fowl
Fowl	Any bird; esp., any large edible bird.
Fowl	Any domesticated bird used as food, as a hen, turkey, duck; in a more restricted sense, the common domestic cock or hen (Gallus domesticus).
Fowled	of Fowl
Fowling	of Fowl
Fowl	To catch or kill wild fowl, for game or food, as by shooting, or by decoys, nets, etc.
Fowler	A sportsman who pursues wild fowl, or takes or kills for food.
Fowlerite	A variety of rhodonite, from Franklin Furnace, New Jersey, containing some zinc.
Fowler's solution	An aqueous solution of arsenite of potassium, of such strength that one hundred parts represent one part of arsenious acid, or white arsenic; -- named from Fowler, an English physician who first brought it into use.
Foxes	of Fox
Fox	A carnivorous animal of the genus Vulpes, family Canidae, of many species. The European fox (V. vulgaris or V. vulpes), the American red fox (V. fulvus), the American gray fox (V. Virginianus), and the arctic, white, or blue, fox (V. lagopus) are well-known species.
Fox	The European dragonet.
Fox	The fox shark or thrasher shark; -- called also sea fox. See Thrasher shark, under Shark.
Fox	A sly, cunning fellow.
Fox	Rope yarn twisted together, and rubbed with tar; -- used for seizings or mats.
Fox	A sword; -- so called from the stamp of a fox on the blade, or perhaps of a wolf taken for a fox.
Fox	A tribe of Indians which, with the Sacs, formerly occupied the region about Green Bay, Wisconsin; -- called also Outagamies.
Foxed	of Fox
Foxing	of Fox
Fox	To intoxicate; to stupefy with drink.
Fox	To make sour, as beer, by causing it to ferment.
Fox	To repair the feet of, as of boots, with new front upper leather, or to piece the upper fronts of.
Fox	To turn sour; -- said of beer, etc., when it sours in fermenting.
Foxearth	A hole in the earth to which a fox resorts to hide himself.
Fracas	An uproar; a noisy quarrel; a disturbance; a brawl.
Fracho	A shallow iron pan to hold glass ware while being annealed.
Fracid	Rotten from being too ripe; overripe.
Fract	To break; to violate.
Fracted	Having a part displaced, as if broken; -- said of an ordinary.
Foxed	Discolored or stained; -- said of timber, and also of the paper of books or engravings.
Foxed	Repaired by foxing; as, foxed boots.
Foxery	Behavior like that of a fox; cunning.
Foxes	See Fox, n., 7.
Foxfish	The fox shark; -- called also sea fox. See Thrasher shark, under Shark.
Foxfish	The european dragonet. See Dragonet.
Foxglove	Any plant of the genus Digitalis. The common English foxglove (Digitalis purpurea) is a handsome perennial or biennial plant, whose leaves are used as a powerful medicine, both as a sedative and diuretic. See Digitalis.
Foxhound	One of a special breed of hounds used for chasing foxes.
Fox-hunting	Pertaining to or engaged in the hunting of foxes; fond of hunting foxes.
Foxiness	The state or quality of being foxy, or foxlike; craftiness; shrewdness.
Foxiness	The state of being foxed or discolored, as books; decay; deterioration.
Foxiness	A coarse and sour taste in grapes.
Foxish	Foxlike.
Foxlike	Resembling a fox in his characteristic qualities; cunning; artful; foxy.
Foxly	Foxlike.
Foxship	Foxiness; craftiness.
Foxtail	The tail or brush of a fox.
Foxtail	The name of several kinds of grass having a soft dense head of flowers, mostly the species of Alopecurus and Setaria.
Foxtail	The last cinders obtained in the fining process.
Foxy	Like or pertaining to the fox; foxlike in disposition or looks; wily.
Foxy	Having the color of a fox; of a yellowish or reddish brown color; -- applied sometimes to paintings when they have too much of this color.
Foxy	Having the odor of a fox; rank; strong smeelling.
Foxy	Sour; unpleasant in taste; -- said of wine, beer, etc., not properly fermented; -- also of grapes which have the coarse flavor of the fox grape.
Foy	Faith; allegiance; fealty.
Foy	A feast given by one about to leave a place.
Foyer	A lobby in a theater; a greenroom.
Foyer	The crucible or basin in a furnace which receives the molten metal.
Foyson	See Foison.
Foziness	The state of being fozy; spiritlessness; dullness.
Fozy	Spongy; soft; fat and puffy.
Fra	Fro.
Fra	Brother; -- a title of a monk of friar; as, Fra Angelo.
Frab	To scold; to nag.
Frabbit	Crabbed; peevish.
Fraction	The act of breaking, or state of being broken, especially by violence.
Fraction	A portion; a fragment.
Fraction	One or more aliquot parts of a unit or whole number; an expression for a definite portion of a unit or magnitude.
Fraction	To separate by means of, or to subject to, fractional distillation or crystallization; to fractionate; -- frequently used with out; as, to fraction out a certain grade of oil from pretroleum.
Fractional	Of or pertaining to fractions or a fraction; constituting a fraction; as, fractional numbers.
Fractional	Relatively small; inconsiderable; insignificant; as, a fractional part of the population.
Fractionally	By fractions or separate portions; as, to distill a liquid fractionally, that is, so as to separate different portions.
Fractionary	Fractional.
Fractionate	To separate into different portions or fractions, as in the distillation of liquids.
Fractious	Apt to break out into a passion; apt to scold; cross; snappish; ugly; unruly; as, a fractious man; a fractious horse.
Fractural	Pertaining to, or consequent on, a fracture.
Fracture	The act of breaking or snapping asunder; rupture; breach.
Fracture	The breaking of a bone.
Fracture	The texture of a freshly broken surface; as, a compact fracture; an even, hackly, or conchoidal fracture.
Fractured	of Fracture
Fracturing	of Fracture
Fracture	To cause a fracture or fractures in; to break; to burst asunder; to crack; to separate the continuous parts of; as, to fracture a bone; to fracture the skull.
Fraenula	of Fraenulum
Fraenulum	A fraenum.
Fraenums	of Frenum
Fraena	of Frenum
Fraenum	Alt. of Frenum
Frenum	A connecting fold of membrane serving to support or restrain any part; as, the fraenum of the tongue.
Fragile	Easily broken; brittle; frail; delicate; easily destroyed.
Fragility	The condition or quality of being fragile; brittleness; frangibility.
Fragility	Weakness; feebleness.
Fragility	Liability to error and sin; frailty.
Fragment	A part broken off; a small, detached portion; an imperfect part; as, a fragment of an ancient writing.
Fragmentak	Fragmentary.
Fragmentak	Consisting of the pulverized or fragmentary material of rock, as conglomerate, shale, etc.
Fragmental	A fragmentary rock.
Fragmentarily	In a fragmentary manner; piecemeal.
Fragmentariness	The quality or property of being in fragnebts, or broken pieces, incompleteness; want of continuity.
Fragmentary	Composed of fragments, or broken pieces; disconnected; not complete or entire.
Fragmentary	Composed of the fragments of other rocks.
Fragmented	Broken into fragments.
Fragmentist	A writer of fragments; as, the fragmentist of Wolfenbuttel.
Fragor	A loud and sudden sound; the report of anything bursting; a crash.
Fragor	A strong or sweet scent.
Fragrance	Alt. of Fragrancy
Fragrancy	The quality of being fragrant; sweetness of smell; a sweet smell; a pleasing odor; perfume.
Fragrant	Affecting the olfactory nerves agreeably; sweet of smell; odorous; having or emitting an agreeable perfume.
Fraight	Same as Fraught.
Frail	A basket made of rushes, used chiefly for containing figs and raisins.
Frail	The quantity of raisins -- about thirty-two, fifty-six, or seventy-five pounds, -- contained in a frail.
Frail	A rush for weaving baskets.
Frail	Easily broken; fragile; not firm or durable; liable to fail and perish; easily destroyed; not tenacious of life; weak; infirm.
Frail	Tender.
Frail	Liable to fall from virtue or be led into sin; not strong against temptation; weak in resolution; also, unchaste; -- often applied to fallen women.
Frailly	Weakly; infirmly.
Frailness	Frailty.
Frailties	of Frailty
Frailty	The condition quality of being frail, physically, mentally, or morally, frailness; infirmity; weakness of resolution; liableness to be deceived or seduced.
Frailty	A fault proceeding from weakness; foible; sin of infirmity.
Fraischeur	Freshness; coolness.
Fraise	A large and thick pancake, with slices of bacon in it.
Fraise	A defense consisting of pointed stakes driven into the ramparts in a horizontal or inclined position.
Fraise	A fluted reamer for enlarging holes in stone; a small milling cutter.
Fraise	To protect, as a line of troops, against an onset of cavalry, by opposing bayonets raised obliquely forward.
Fraised	Fortified with a fraise.
Fraken	A freckle.
Framable	Capable of being framed.
Frambaesia	The yaws. See Yaws.
Framed	of Frame
Framing	of Frame
Frame	To construct by fitting and uniting the several parts of the skeleton of any structure; specifically, in woodwork, to put together by cutting parts of one member to fit parts of another. See Dovetail, Halve, v. t., Miter, Tenon, Tooth, Tusk, Scarf, and Splice.
Frame	To originate; to plan; to devise; to contrive; to compose; in a bad sense, to invent or fabricate, as something false.
Frame	To fit to something else, or for some specific end; to adjust; to regulate; to shape; to conform.
Frame	To cause; to bring about; to produce.
Frame	To support.
Frame	To provide with a frame, as a picture.
Frame	To shape; to arrange, as the organs of speech.
Frame	To proceed; to go.
Frame	Anything composed of parts fitted and united together; a fabric; a structure; esp., the constructional system, whether of timber or metal, that gives to a building, vessel, etc., its model and strength; the skeleton of a structure.
Frame	The bodily structure; physical constitution; make or build of a person.
Frame	A kind of open case or structure made for admitting, inclosing, or supporting things, as that which incloses or contains a window, door, picture, etc.; that on which anything is held or stretched
Frame	The skeleton structure which supports the boiler and machinery of a locomotive upon its wheels.
Frame	A molding box or flask, which being filled with sand serves as a mold for castings.
Frame	The ribs and stretchers of an umbrella or other structure with a fabric covering.
Frame	A structure of four bars, adjustable in size, on which cloth, etc., is stretched for quilting, embroidery, etc.
Frame	A glazed portable structure for protecting young plants from frost.
Frame	A stand to support the type cases for use by the compositor.
Frame	A term applied, especially in England, to certain machines built upon or within framework; as, a stocking frame; lace frame; spinning frame, etc.
Frame	Form; shape; proportion; scheme; structure; constitution; system; as, a frameof government.
Frame	Particular state or disposition, as of the mind; humor; temper; mood; as, to be always in a happy frame.
Frame	Contrivance; the act of devising or scheming.
Framer	One who frames; as, the framer of a building; the framers of the Constitution.
Framework	The work of framing, or the completed work; the frame or constructional part of anything; as, the framework of society.
Framework	Work done in, or by means of, a frame or loom.
Framing	The act, process, or style of putting together a frame, or of constructing anything; a frame; that which frames.
Framing	A framework, or a sy/ of frames.
Frampel	Alt. of Frampoid
Frampoid	Peevish; cross; vexatious; quarrelsome.
Franc	A silver coin of France, and since 1795 the unit of the French monetary system. It has been adopted by Belgium and Swizerland. It is equivalent to about nineteen cents, or ten pence, and is divided into 100 centimes.
Franchise	Exemption from constraint or oppression; freedom; liberty.
Franchise	A particular privilege conferred by grant from a sovereign or a government, and vested in individuals; an imunity or exemption from ordinary jurisdiction; a constitutional or statutory right or privilege, esp. the right to vote.
Franchise	The district or jurisdiction to which a particular privilege extends; the limits of an immunity; hence, an asylum or sanctuary.
Franchise	Magnanimity; generosity; liberality; frankness; nobility.
Franchised	of Franchise
Franchising	of Franchise
Franchise	To make free; to enfranchise; to give liberty to.
Franchisement	Release; deliverance; freedom.
Francic	Pertaining to the Franks, or their language; Frankish.
Franciscan	Belonging to the Order of St. Francis of the Franciscans.
Franciscan	A monk or friar of the Order of St. Francis, a large and zealous order of mendicant monks founded in 1209 by St. Francis of Assisi. They are called also Friars Minor; and in England, Gray Friars, because they wear a gray habit.
Francolin	A spurred partidge of the genus Francolinus and allied genera, of Asia and Africa. The common species (F. vulgaris) was formerly common in southern Europe, but is now nearly restricted to Asia.
Francolite	A variety of apatite from Wheal Franco in Devonshire.
Frangent	Causing fracture; breaking.
Frangibility	The state or quality of being frangible.
Frangible	Capable of being broken; brittle; fragile; easily broken.
Frangipane	A perfume of jasmine; frangipani.
Frangipane	A species of pastry, containing cream and almonds.
Frangipani	Alt. of Frangipanni
Frangipanni	A perfume derived from, or imitating the odor of, the flower of the red jasmine, a West Indian tree of the genus Plumeria.
Frangulic	Alt. of Frangulinic
Frangulinic	Pertaining to, or drived from, frangulin, or a species (Rhamnus Frangula) of the buckthorn.
Frangulin	A yellow crystalline dyestuff, regarded as a glucoside, extracted from a species (Rhamnus Frangula) of the buckthorn; -- called also rhamnoxanthin.
Franion	A paramour; a loose woman; also, a gay, idle fellow.
Frank	A pigsty.
Frank	To shut up in a frank or sty; to pen up; hence, to cram; to fatten.
Frank	The common heron; -- so called from its note.
Frank	Unbounded by restrictions, limitations, etc.; free.
Frank	Free in uttering one's real sentiments; not reserved; using no disguise; candid; ingenuous; as, a frank nature, conversation, manner, etc.
Frank	Liberal; generous; profuse.
Frank	Unrestrained; loose; licentious; -- used in a bad sense.
Franked	of Frank
Franking	of Frank
Frank	To send by public conveyance free of expense.
Frank	To extempt from charge for postage, as a letter, package, or packet, etc.
Frank	The privilege of sending letters or other mail matter, free of postage, or without charge; also, the sign, mark, or signature denoting that a letter or other mail matter is to free of postage.
Frank	A member of one of the German tribes that in the fifth century overran and conquered Gaul, and established the kingdom of France.
Frank	A native or inhabitant of Western Europe; a European; -- a term used in the Levant.
Frank	A French coin. See Franc.
Frankalmoigne	A tenure by which a religious corporation holds lands given to them and their successors forever, usually on condition of praying for the soul of the donor and his heirs; -- called also tenure by free alms.
Frank-chase	The liberty or franchise of having a chase; free chase.
Frank-fee	A species of tenure in fee simple, being the opposite of ancient demesne, or copyhold.
Frankfort black	A black pigment used in copperplate printing, prepared by burning vine twigs, the lees of wine, etc.
Frankincense	A fragrant, aromatic resin, or gum resin, burned as an incense in religious rites or for medicinal fumigation. The best kinds now come from East Indian trees, of the genus Boswellia; a commoner sort, from the Norway spruce (Abies excelsa) and other coniferous trees. The frankincense of the ancient Jews is still unidentified.
Franking	A method of forming a joint at the intersection of window-sash bars, by cutting away only enough wood to show a miter.
Frankish	Like, or pertaining to, the Franks.
Frank-law	The liberty of being sworn in courts, as a juror or witness; one of the ancient privileges of a freeman; free and common law; -- an obsolete expression signifying substantially the same as the American expression civil rights.
Franklin	An English freeholder, or substantial householder.
Franklinic	Of or pertaining to Benjamin Franklin.
Franklinite	A kind of mineral of the spinel group.
Franklin stove	A kind of open stove introduced by Benjamin Franklin, the peculiar feature of which was that a current of heated air was directly supplied to the room from an air box; -- now applied to other varieties of open stoves.
Frankly	In a frank manner; freely.
Frank-marriage	A certain tenure in tail special; an estate of inheritance given to a man his wife (the wife being of the blood of the donor), and descendible to the heirs of their two bodies begotten.
Frankness	The quality of being frank; candor; openess; ingenuousness; fairness; liberality.
Frankpledge	A pledge or surety for the good behavior of freemen, -- each freeman who was a member of an ancient decennary, tithing, or friborg, in England, being a pledge for the good conduct of the others, for the preservation of the public peace; a free surety.
Frankpledge	The tithing itself.
Frantic	Mad; raving; furious; violent; wild and disorderly; distracted.
Frapped	of Frap
Frapping	of Frap
Frap	To draw together; to bind with a view to secure and strengthen, as a vessel by passing cables around it; to tighten; as a tackle by drawing the lines together.
Frap	To brace by drawing together, as the cords of a drum.
Frape	A crowd, a rabble.
Frapler	A blusterer; a rowdy.
Frater	A monk; also, a frater house.
Fraternal	Pf, pertaining to, or involving, brethren; becoming to brothers; brotherly; as, fraternal affection; a fraternal embrace.
Fraternate	To fraternize; to hold fellowship.
Fraternation	Alt. of Fraternism
Fraternism	Fraternization.
Fraternities	of Fraternity
Fraternity	The state or quality of being fraternal or brotherly; brotherhood.
Fraternity	A body of men associated for their common interest, business, or pleasure; a company; a brotherhood; a society; in the Roman Catholic Chucrch, an association for special religious purposes, for relieving the sick and destitute, etc.
Fraternity	Men of the same class, profession, occupation, character, or tastes.
Fraternization	The act of fraternizing or uniting as brothers.
Fraternized	of Fraternize
Fraternizing	of Fraternize
Fraternize	To associate or hold fellowship as brothers, or as men of like occupation or character; to have brotherly feelings.
Fraternize	To bring into fellowship or brotherly sympathy.
Fraternizer	One who fraternizes.
Fratery	A frater house. See under Frater.
Fratrage	A sharing among brothers, or brothers' kin.
Fratricelli	The name which St. Francis of Assisi gave to his followers, early in the 13th century.
Fratricelli	A sect which seceded from the Franciscan Order, chiefly in Italy and Sicily, in 1294, repudiating the pope as an apostate, maintaining the duty of celibacy and poverty, and discountenancing oaths. Called also Fratricellians and Fraticelli.
Fratricidal	Of or pertaining to fratricide; of the nature of fratricide.
Fratricide	The act of one who murders or kills his own brother.
Fratricide	One who murders or kills his own brother.
Fraud	Deception deliberately practiced with a view to gaining an unlawful or unfair advantage; artifice by which the right or interest of another is injured; injurious stratagem; deceit; trick.
Fraud	An intentional perversion of truth for the purpose of obtaining some valuable thing or promise from another.
Fraud	A trap or snare.
Fraudful	Full of fraud, deceit, or treachery; trickish; treacherous; fraudulent; -- applied to persons or things.
Fraudless	Free from fraud.
Fraudulence	Alt. of Fraudulency
Fraudulency	The quality of being fraudulent; deliberate deceit; trickishness.
Fraudulent	Using fraud; trickly; deceitful; dishonest.
Fraudulent	Characterized by,, founded on, or proceeding from, fraund; as, a fraudulent bargain.
Fraudulent	Obtained or performed by artifice; as, fraudulent conquest.
Fraudulently	In a fraudulent manner.
Fraught	A freight; a cargo.
Fraught	Freighted; laden; filled; stored; charged.
Fraughted	of Fraught
Fraught	of Fraught
Fraughting	of Fraught
Fraught	To freight; to load; to burden; to fill; to crowd.
Fraughtage	Freight; loading; cargo.
Fraughting	Constituting the freight or cargo.
Fraunhofer lines	The lines of the spectrun; especially and properly, the dark lines of the solar spectrum, so called because first accurately observed and interpreted by Fraunhofer, a German physicist.
Fraxin	A colorless crystalline substance, regarded as a glucoside, and found in the bark of the ash (Fraxinus) and along with esculin in the bark of the horse-chestnut. It shows a delicate fluorescence in alkaline solutions; -- called also paviin.
Fraxinus	A genus of deciduous forest trees, found in the north temperate zone, and including the true ash trees.
Fray	Affray; broil; contest; combat.
Frayed	of Fray
Fraying	of Fray
Fray	To frighten; to terrify; to alarm.
Fray	To bear the expense of; to defray.
Fray	To rub; to wear off, or wear into shreds, by rubbing; to fret, as cloth; as, a deer is said to fray her head.
Fray	To rub.
Fray	To wear out or into shreads, or to suffer injury by rubbing, as when the threads of the warp or of the woof wear off so that the cross threads are loose; to ravel; as, the cloth frays badly.
Fray	A fret or chafe, as in cloth; a place injured by rubbing.
Fraying	The skin which a deer frays from his horns.
Freaked	of Freak
Freaking	of Freak
Freak	To variegate; to checker; to streak.
Freak	A sudden causeless change or turn of the mind; a whim of fancy; a capricious prank; a vagary or caprice.
Freaking	Freakish.
Freakish	Apt to change the mind suddenly; whimsical; capricious.
Freck	To checker; to diversify.
Freckle	A small yellowish or brownish spot in the skin, particularly on the face, neck, or hands.
Freckle	Any small spot or discoloration.
Freckled	of Freckle
Freckling	of Freckle
Freckle	To spinkle or mark with freckle or small discolored spots; to spot.
Freckle	To become covered or marked with freckles; to be spotted.
Freckled	Marked with freckles; spotted.
Freckledness	The state of being freckled.
Freckly	Full of or marked with freckles; sprinkled with spots; freckled.
Fred	Peace; -- a word used in composition, especially in proper names; as, Alfred; Frederic.
Fredstole	See Fridstol.
Free	Exempt from subjection to the will of others; not under restraint, control, or compulsion; able to follow one's own impulses, desires, or inclinations; determining one's own course of action; not dependent; at liberty.
Free	Not under an arbitrary or despotic government; subject only to fixed laws regularly and fairly administered, and defended by them from encroachments upon natural or acquired rights; enjoying political liberty.
Free	Liberated, by arriving at a certain age, from the control of parents, guardian, or master.
Free	Not confined or imprisoned; released from arrest; liberated; at liberty to go.
Free	Not subjected to the laws of physical necessity; capable of voluntary activity; endowed with moral liberty; -- said of the will.
Free	Clear of offense or crime; guiltless; innocent.
Free	Unconstrained by timidity or distrust; unreserved; ingenuous; frank; familiar; communicative.
Free	Unrestrained; immoderate; lavish; licentious; -- used in a bad sense.
Free	Not close or parsimonious; liberal; open-handed; lavish; as, free with his money.
Free	Exempt; clear; released; liberated; not encumbered or troubled with; as, free from pain; free from a burden; -- followed by from, or, rarely, by of.
Free	Characteristic of one acting without restraint; charming; easy.
Free	Ready; eager; acting without spurring or whipping; spirited; as, a free horse.
Free	Invested with a particular freedom or franchise; enjoying certain immunities or privileges; admitted to special rights; -- followed by of.
Free	Thrown open, or made accessible, to all; to be enjoyed without limitations; unrestricted; not obstructed, engrossed, or appropriated; open; -- said of a thing to be possessed or enjoyed; as, a free school.
Free	Not gained by importunity or purchase; gratuitous; spontaneous; as, free admission; a free gift.
Free	Not arbitrary or despotic; assuring liberty; defending individual rights against encroachment by any person or class; instituted by a free people; -- said of a government, institutions, etc.
Free	Certain or honorable; the opposite of base; as, free service; free socage.
Free	Privileged or individual; the opposite of common; as, a free fishery; a free warren.
Free	Not united or combined with anything else; separated; dissevered; unattached; at liberty to escape; as, free carbonic acid gas; free cells.
Free	Freely; willingly.
Free	Without charge; as, children admitted free.
Freed	of Free
Freeing	of Free
Free	To make free; to set at liberty; to rid of that which confines, limits, embarrasses, oppresses, etc.; to release; to disengage; to clear; -- followed by from, and sometimes by off; as, to free a captive or a slave; to be freed of these inconveniences.
Free	To remove, as something that confines or bars; to relieve from the constraint of.
Free	To frank.
Freebooter	One who plunders or pillages without the authority of national warfare; a member of a predatory band; a pillager; a buccaneer; a sea robber.
Freebootery	The act, practice, or gains of a freebooter; freebooting.
Freebooting	Robbery; plunder; a pillaging.
Freebooting	Acting the freebooter; practicing freebootery; robbing.
Freebooty	Freebootery.
Freeborn	Born free; not born in vassalage; inheriting freedom.
Free-denizen	To make free.
Freedmen	of Freedman
Freedman	A man who has been a slave, and has been set free.
Freedom	The state of being free; exemption from the power and control of another; liberty; independence.
Freedom	Privileges; franchises; immunities.
Freedom	Exemption from necessity, in choise and action; as, the freedom of the will.
Freedom	Ease; facility; as, he speaks or acts with freedom.
Freedom	Frankness; openness; unreservedness.
Freedom	Improper familiarity; violation of the rules of decorum; license.
Freedom	Generosity; liberality.
Freedstool	See Fridstol.
Free-hand	Done by the hand, without support, or the guidance of instruments; as, free-hand drawing. See under Drawing.
Free-handed	Open-handed; liberal.
Free-hearted	Open; frank; unreserved; liberal; generous; as, free-hearted mirth.
Freehold	An estate in real property, of inheritance (in fee simple or fee tail) or for life; or the tenure by which such estate is held.
Freeholder	The possessor of a freehold.
Free-liver	One who gratifies his appetites without stint; one given to indulgence in eating and drinking.
Free-living	Unrestrained indulgence of the appetites.
Free-love	The doctrine or practice of consorting with the opposite sex, at pleasure, without marriage.
Free-lover	One who believes in or practices free-love.
Freelte	Frailty.
Freely	In a free manner; without restraint or compulsion; abundantly; gratuitously.
Freemen	of Freeman
Freeman	One who enjoys liberty, or who is not subject to the will of another; one not a slave or vassal.
Freeman	A member of a corporation, company, or city, possessing certain privileges; a member of a borough, town, or State, who has the right to vote at elections. See Liveryman.
Free-martin	An imperfect female calf, twinborn with a male.
Freemason	One of an ancient and secret association or fraternity, said to have been at first composed of masons or builders in stone, but now consisting of persons who are united for social enjoyment and mutual assistance.
Freemasonic	Pertaining to, or resembling, the institutions or the practices of freemasons; as, a freemasonic signal.
Freemasonry	The institutions or the practices of freemasons.
Free-milling	Yielding free gold or silver; -- said of certain ores which can be reduced by crushing and amalgamation, without roasting or other chemical treatment.
Free-minded	Not perplexed; having a mind free from care.
Freeness	The state or quality of being free; freedom; liberty; openness; liberality; gratuitousness.
Freer	One who frees, or sets free.
Free-soil	Pertaining to, or advocating, the non-extension of slavery; -- esp. applied to a party which was active during the period 1846-1856.
Free-spoken	Accustomed to speak without reserve.
Freestone	A stone composed of sand or grit; -- so called because it is easily cut or wrought.
Freestone	Having the flesh readily separating from the stone, as in certain kinds of peaches.
Free-swimming	Swimming in the open sea; -- said of certain marine animals.
Freethinker	One who speculates or forms opinions independently of the authority of others; esp., in the sphere or religion, one who forms opinions independently of the authority of revelation or of the church; an unbeliever; -- a term assumed by deists and skeptics in the eighteenth century.
Freethinking	Undue boldness of speculation; unbelief.
Freethinking	Exhibiting undue boldness of speculation; skeptical.
Free-tongued	Speaking without reserve.
Free will	A will free from improper coercion or restraint.
Free will	The power asserted of moral beings of willing or choosing without the restraints of physical or absolute necessity.
Freewill	Of or pertaining to free will; voluntary; spontaneous; as, a freewill offering.
Freezable	Capable of being frozen.
Freeze	A frieze.
Froze	of Freeze
Frozen	of Freeze
Freezing	of Freeze
Freeze	To become congealed by cold; to be changed from a liquid to a solid state by the abstraction of heat; to be hardened into ice or a like solid body.
Freeze	To become chilled with cold, or as with cold; to suffer loss of animation or life by lack of heat; as, the blood freezes in the veins.
Freeze	To congeal; to harden into ice; to convert from a fluid to a solid form by cold, or abstraction of heat.
Freeze	To cause loss of animation or life in, from lack of heat; to give the sensation of cold to; to chill.
Freeze	The act of congealing, or the state of being congealed.
Freezer	One who, or that which, cools or freezes, as a refrigerator, or the tub and can used in the process of freezing ice cream.
Freezing	Tending to freeze; for freezing; hence, cold or distant in manner.
Freieslebenite	A sulphide of antimony, lead, and silver, occuring in monoclinic crystals.
Freight	That with which anything in fraught or laden for transportation; lading; cargo, especially of a ship, or a car on a railroad, etc.; as, a freight of cotton; a full freight.
Freight	The sum paid by a party hiring a ship or part of a ship for the use of what is thus hired.
Freight	The price paid a common carrier for the carriage of goods.
Freight	Freight transportation, or freight line.
Freight	Employed in the transportation of freight; having to do with freight; as, a freight car.
Freighted	of Freight
Freighting	of Freight
Freight	To load with goods, as a ship, or vehicle of any kind, for transporting them from one place to another; to furnish with freight; as, to freight a ship; to freight a car.
Freightage	Charge for transportation; expense of carriage.
Freightage	The transportation of freight.
Freightage	Freight; cargo; lading. Milton.
Freighter	One who loads a ship, or one who charters and loads a ship.
Freighter	One employed in receiving and forwarding freight.
Freighter	One for whom freight is transported.
Freighter	A vessel used mainly to carry freight.
Freightless	Destitute of freight.
Frelte	Frailty.
Fremd	Alt. of Fremed
Fremed	Strange; foreign.
Fren	A stranger.
French	Of or pertaining to France or its inhabitants.
French	The language spoken in France.
French	Collectively, the people of France.
Frenchified	of Frenchify
Frenchifying	of Frenchify
Frenchify	To make French; to infect or imbue with the manners or tastes of the French; to Gallicize.
Frenchism	A French mode or characteristic; an idiom peculiar to the French language.
Frenchmen	of Frenchman
Frenchman	A native or one of the people of France.
Frenetir	Distracted; mad; frantic; phrenetic.
Frenetical	Frenetic; frantic; frenzied.
Frenums	of Frenum
Frena	of Frenum
Frenum	A cheek stripe of color.
Frenum	Same as Fraenum.
Frenzical	Frantic.
Frenzied	Affected with frenzy; frantic; maddened.
Frenzies	of Frenzy
Frenzy	Any violent agitation of the mind approaching to distraction; violent and temporary derangement of the mental faculties; madness; rage.
Frenzy	Mad; frantic.
Frenzy	To affect with frenzy; to drive to madness
Frequence	A crowd; a throng; a concourse.
Frequence	Frequency; abundance.
Frequencies	of Frequency
Frequency	The condition of returning frequently; occurrence often repeated; common occurence; as, the frequency of crimes; the frequency of miracles.
Frequency	A crowd; a throng.
Frequent	Often to be met with; happening at short intervals; often repeated or occurring; as, frequent visits.
Frequent	Addicted to any course of conduct; inclined to indulge in any practice; habitual; persistent.
Frequent	Full; crowded; thronged.
Frequent	Often or commonly reported.
Frequented	of Frequent
Frequenting	of Frequent
Frequent	To visit often; to resort to often or habitually.
Frequent	To make full; to fill.
Frequentable	Accessible.
Frequentage	The practice or habit of frequenting.
Frequentation	The act or habit of frequenting or visiting often; resort.
Frequentative	Serving to express the frequent repetition of an action; as, a frequentative verb.
Frequentative	A frequentative verb.
Frequenter	One who frequents; one who often visits, or resorts to customarily.
Frequently	At frequent or short intervals; many times; often; repeatedly; commonly.
Frequentness	The quality of being frequent.
Frere	A friar.
Frescade	A cool walk; shady place.
Frescoes	of Fresco
Frescos	of Fresco
Fresco	A cool, refreshing state of the air; duskiness; coolness; shade.
Fresco	The art of painting on freshly spread plaster, before it dries.
Fresco	In modern parlance, incorrectly applied to painting on plaster in any manner.
Fresco	A painting on plaster in either of senses a and b.
Frescoed	of Fresco
Frescoing	of Fresco
Fresco	To paint in fresco, as walls.
Fresh	Possessed of original life and vigor; new and strong; unimpaired; sound.
Fresh	New; original; additional.
Fresh	Lately produced, gathered, or prepared for market; not stale; not dried or preserved; not wilted, faded, or tainted; in good condition; as, fresh vegetables, flowers, eggs, meat, fruit, etc.; recently made or obtained; occurring again; repeated; as, a fresh supply of goods; fresh tea, raisins, etc.; lately come or made public; as, fresh news; recently taken from a well or spring; as, fresh water.
Fresh	Youthful; florid; as, these fresh nymphs.
Fresh	In a raw, green, or untried state; uncultivated; uncultured; unpracticed; as, a fresh hand on a ship.
Fresh	Renewed in vigor, alacrity, or readiness for action; as, fresh for a combat; hence, tending to renew in vigor; rather strong; cool or brisk; as, a fresh wind.
Fresh	Not salt; as, fresh water, in distinction from that which is from the sea, or brackish; fresh meat, in distinction from that which is pickled or salted.
Freshes	of Fresh
Fresh	A stream or spring of fresh water.
Fresh	A flood; a freshet.
Fresh	The mingling of fresh water with salt in rivers or bays, as by means of a flood of fresh water flowing toward or into the sea.
Fresh	To refresh; to freshen.
Freshened	of Freshen
Freshening	of Freshen
Freshen	To make fresh; to separate, as water, from saline ingredients; to make less salt; as, to freshen water, fish, or flesh.
Freshen	To refresh; to revive.
Freshen	To relieve, as a rope, by change of place where friction wears it; or to renew, as the material used to prevent chafing; as, to freshen a hawse.
Freshen	To grow fresh; to lose saltness.
Freshen	To grow brisk or strong; as, the wind freshens.
Freshet	A stream of fresh water.
Freshet	A flood or overflowing of a stream caused by heavy rains or melted snow; a sudden inundation.
Freshly	In a fresh manner; vigorously; newly, recently; brightly; briskly; coolly; as, freshly gathered; freshly painted; the wind blows freshly.
Freshmen	of Freshman
Freshman	novice; one in the rudiments of knowledge; especially, a student during his fist year in a college or university.
Freshmanship	The state of being a freshman.
Freshment	Refreshment.
Freshness	The state of being fresh.
Fresh-new	Unpracticed.
Fresh-water	Of, pertaining to, or living in, water not salt; as, fresh-water geological deposits; a fresh-water fish; fresh-water mussels.
Fresh-water	Accustomed to sail on fresh water only; unskilled as a seaman; as, a fresh-water sailor.
Fresh-water	Unskilled; raw.
Fresnel lamp	Alt. of Fres'nel' lan'tern
Fres'nel' lan'tern	A lantern having a lamp surrounded by a hollow cylindrical Fresnel lens.
Fresnel lens	See under Lens.
Fret	See 1st Frith.
Fretted	of Fret
Fretting	of Fret
Fret	To devour.
Fret	To rub; to wear away by friction; to chafe; to gall; hence, to eat away; to gnaw; as, to fret cloth; to fret a piece of gold or other metal; a worm frets the plants of a ship.
Fret	To impair; to wear away; to diminish.
Fret	To make rough, agitate, or disturb; to cause to ripple; as, to fret the surface of water.
Fret	To tease; to irritate; to vex.
Fret	To be worn away; to chafe; to fray; as, a wristband frets on the edges.
Fret	To eat in; to make way by corrosion.
Fret	To be agitated; to be in violent commotion; to rankle; as, rancor frets in the malignant breast.
Fret	To be vexed; to be chafed or irritated; to be angry; to utter peevish expressions.
Fret	The agitation of the surface of a fluid by fermentation or other cause; a rippling on the surface of water.
Fret	Agitation of mind marked by complaint and impatience; disturbance of temper; irritation; as, he keeps his mind in a continual fret.
Fret	Herpes; tetter.
Fret	The worn sides of river banks, where ores, or stones containing them, accumulate by being washed down from the hills, and thus indicate to the miners the locality of the veins.
Fret	To ornament with raised work; to variegate; to diversify.
Fret	Ornamental work in relief, as carving or embossing. See Fretwork.
Fret	An ornament consisting of smmall fillets or slats intersecting each other or bent at right angles, as in classical designs, or at obilique angles, as often in Oriental art.
Fret	The reticulated headdress or net, made of gold or silver wire, in which ladies in the Middle Ages confined their hair.
Fret	A saltire interlaced with a mascle.
Fret	A short piece of wire, or other material fixed across the finger board of a guitar or a similar instrument, to indicate where the finger is to be placed.
Fret	To furnish with frets, as an instrument of music.
Fretful	Disposed to fret; ill-humored; peevish; angry; in a state of vexation; as, a fretful temper.
Frett	The worn side of the bank of a river. See 4th Fret, n., 4.
Frett	A vitreous compound, used by potters in glazing, consisting of lime, silica, borax, lead, and soda.
Fretted	Rubbed or worn away; chafed.
Fretted	Agitated; vexed; worried.
Fretted	Ornamented with fretwork; furnished with frets; variegated; made rough on the surface.
Fretted	Interlaced one with another; -- said of charges and ordinaries.
Fretten	Rubbed; marked; as, pock-fretten, marked with the smallpox.
Fretter	One who, or that which, frets.
Fretty	Adorned with fretwork.
Freta	of Fretum
Fretum	A strait, or arm of the sea.
Fretwork	Work adorned with frets; ornamental openwork or work in relief, esp. when elaborate and minute in its parts. Hence, any minute play of light and shade, dark and light, or the like.
Freya	The daughter of Njord, and goddess of love and beauty; the Scandinavian Venus; -- in Teutonic myths confounded with Frigga, but in Scandinavian, distinct.
Friabiiity	The quality of being friable; friableness.
Friable	Easily crumbled, pulverized, or reduced to powder.
Friar	A brother or member of any religious order, but especially of one of the four mendicant orders, viz: (a) Minors, Gray Friars, or Franciscans. (b) Augustines. (c) Dominicans or Black Friars. (d) White Friars or Carmelites. See these names in the Vocabulary.
Friar	A white or pale patch on a printed page.
Friar	An American fish; the silversides.
Friarly	Like a friar; inexperienced.
Friary	Like a friar; pertaining to friars or to a convent.
Friary	A monastery; a convent of friars.
Friary	The institution or praactices of friars.
Friation	The act of breaking up or pulverizing.
Frible	Frivolous; trifling; sily.
Fribble	A frivolous, contemptible fellow; a fop.
Fribble	To act in a trifling or foolish manner; to act frivolously.
Fribble	To totter.
Fribbler	A trifler; a fribble.
Fribbling	Frivolous; trining; toolishly captious.
Friborg	Alt. of Friborgh
Friborgh	The pledge and tithing, afterwards called by the Normans frankpledge. See Frankpledge.
Fricace	Meat sliced and dressed with strong sauce.
Fricace	An unguent; also, the act of rubbing with the unguent.
Fricandeau	Alt. of Fricando
Fricando	A ragout or fricassee of veal; a fancy dish of veal or of boned turkey, served as an entree, -- called also fricandel.
Fricassee	A dish made of fowls, veal, or other meat of small animals cut into pieces, and stewed in a gravy.
Fricassed	of Frlcassee
Fricasseeing	of Frlcassee
Frlcassee	To dress like a fricassee.
Frication	Friction.
Fricative	Produced by the friction or rustling of the breath, intonated or unintonated, through a narrow opening between two of the mouth organs; uttered through a close approach, but not with a complete closure, of the organs of articulation, and hence capable of being continued or prolonged; -- said of certain consonantal sounds, as f, v, s, z, etc.
Fricative	A fricative consonant letter or sound. See Guide to Pronunciation, // 197-206, etc.
Fricatrice	A lewd woman; a harlot.
Frickle	A bushel basket.
Ftiction	The act of rubbing the surface of one body against that of another; attrition; in hygiene, the act of rubbing the body with the hand, with flannel, or with a brush etc., to excite the skin to healthy action.
Ftiction	The resistance which a body meets with from the surface on which it moves. It may be resistance to sliding motion, or to rolling motion.
Ftiction	A clashing between two persons or parties in opinions or work; a disagreement tending to prevent or retard progress.
Frictional	Relating to friction; moved by friction; produced by friction; as, frictional electricity.
Frictionless	Having no friction.
Friday	The sixth day of the week, following Thursday and preceding Saturday.
Fridge	To rub; to fray.
Fridstol	Alt. of Frithstool
Frithstool	A seat in churches near the altar, to which offenders formerly fled for sanctuary.
Fried	imp. & p. p. of Fry.
Friend	One who entertains for another such sentiments of esteem, respect, and affection that he seeks his society aud welfare; a wellwisher; an intimate associate; sometimes, an attendant.
Friend	One not inimical or hostile; one not a foe or enemy; also, one of the same nation, party, kin, etc., whose friendly feelings may be assumed. The word is some times used as a term of friendly address.
Friend	One who looks propitiously on a cause, an institution, a project, and the like; a favorer; a promoter; as, a friend to commerce, to poetry, to an institution.
Friend	One of a religious sect characterized by disuse of outward rites and an ordained ministry, by simplicity of dress and speech, and esp. by opposition to war and a desire to live at peace with all men. They are popularly called Quakers.
Friend	A paramour of either sex.
Friended	of Friend
Friending	of Friend
Friend	To act as the friend of; to favor; to countenance; to befriend.
Friended	Having friends;
Friended	Inclined to love; well-disposed.
Friending	Friendliness.
Friendless	Destitute of friends; forsaken.
Friendlily	In a friendly manner.
Friendliness	The condition or quality of being friendly.
Friendly	Having the temper and disposition of a friend; disposed to promote the good of another; kind; favorable.
Friendly	Appropriate to, or implying, friendship; befitting friends; amicable.
Friendly	Not hostile; as, a friendly power or state.
Friendly	Promoting the good of any person; favorable; propitious; serviceable; as, a friendly breeze or gale.
Friendly	In the manner of friends; amicably; like friends.
Friendship	The state of being friends; friendly relation, or attachment, to a person, or between persons; affection arising from mutual esteem and good will; friendliness; amity; good will.
Friendship	Kindly aid; help; assistance,
Friendship	Aptness to unite; conformity; affinity; harmony; correspondence.
Frier	One who fries.
Friese	Same as Friesic, n.
Friesic	Of or pertaining to Friesland, a province in the northern part of the Netherlands.
Friesic	The language of the Frisians, a Teutonic people formerly occupying a large part of the coast of Holland and Northwestern Germany. The modern dialects of Friesic are spoken chiefly in the province of Friesland, and on some of the islands near the coast of Germany and Denmark.
Friesish	Friesic.
Frieze	That part of the entablature of an order which is between the architrave and cornice. It is a flat member or face, either uniform or broken by triglyphs, and often enriched with figures and other ornaments of sculpture.
Frieze	Any sculptured or richly ornamented band in a building or, by extension, in rich pieces of furniture. See Illust. of Column.
Frieze	A kind of coarse woolen cloth or stuff with a shaggy or tufted (friezed) nap on one side.
Frieze	To make a nap on (cloth); to friz. See Friz, v. t., 2.
Friezed	Gathered, or having the map gathered, into little tufts, knots, or protuberances.  Cf. Frieze, v. t., and Friz, v. t., 2.
Friezer	One who, or that which, friezes or frizzes.
Frigate	Originally, a vessel of the Mediterranean propelled by sails and by oars. The French, about 1650, transferred the name to larger vessels, and by 1750 it had been appropriated for a class of war vessels intermediate between corvettes and ships of the line. Frigates, from about 1750 to 1850, had one full battery deck and, often, a spar deck with a lighter battery. They carried sometimes as many as fifty guns. After the application of steam to navigation steam frigates of largely increased size and power were built, and formed the main part of the navies of the world till about 1870, when the introduction of ironclads superseded them.
Frigate	Any small vessel on the water.
Frigate-built	Built like a frigate with a raised quarter-deck and forecastle.
Frigatoon	A Venetian vessel, with a square stern, having only a mainmast, jigger mast, and bowsprit; also a sloop of war ship-rigged.
Frigefaction	The act of making cold. [Obs.] 
Frigefactive	Cooling.
Frigerate	To make cool.
Frigg	Alt. of Frigga
Frigga	The wife of Odin and mother of the gods; the supreme goddess; the Juno of the Valhalla.  Cf. Freya.
Fright	A state of terror excited by the sudden appearance of danger; sudden and violent fear, usually of short duration; a sudden alarm.
Fright	Anything strange, ugly or shocking, producing a feeling of alarm or aversion.
Frighted	of Fright
Frighting	of Fright
Fright	To alarm suddenly; to shock by causing sudden fear; to terrify; to scare.
Frightened	of Frighten
Frightening	of Frighten
Frighten	To disturb with fear; to throw into a state of alarm or fright; to affright; to terrify.
Frightful	Full of fright; affrighted; frightened.
Frightful	Full of that which causes fright; exciting alarm; impressing terror; shocking; as, a frightful chasm, or tempest; a frightful appearance.
Frightfully	In a frightful manner; to a frightful dagree.
Frightfulness	The quality of being frightful.
Frightless	Free from fright; fearless.
Frightment	Fear; terror.
Frigid	Cold; wanting heat or warmth; of low temperature; as, a frigid climate.
Frigid	Wanting warmth, fervor, ardor, fire, vivacity, etc.; unfeeling; forbidding in manner; dull and unanimated; stiff and formal; as, a frigid constitution; a frigid style; a frigid look or manner; frigid obedience or service.
Frigid	Wanting natural heat or vigor sufficient to excite the generative power; impotent.
Frigidaria	of Frigidarium
Frigidarium	The cooling room of the Roman thermae, furnished with a cold bath.
Prigidity	The condition or quality of being frigid; coldness; want of warmth.
Prigidity	Want of ardor, animation, vivacity, etc.; coldness of affection or of manner; dullness; stiffness and formality; as, frigidity of a reception, of a bow, etc.
Prigidity	Want of heat or vigor; as, the frigidity of old age.
Frigidly	In a frigid manner; coldly; dully; without affection.
Frigidness	The state of being frigid; want of heat, vigor, or affection; coldness; dullness.
Frigorific	Alt. of Frigorifical
Frigorifical	Causing cold; producing or generating cold.
Frilled	of Frill
Frilling	of Frill
Frill	To shake or shiver as with cold; as, the hawk frills.
Frill	To wrinkle; -- said of the gelatin film.
Frill	To provide or decorate with a frill or frills; to turn back. in crimped plaits; as, to frill a cap.
Frill	A ruffing of a bird's feathers from cold.
Frill	A ruffle, consisting of a fold of membrane, of hairs, or of feathers, around the neck of an animal.
Frill	A similar ruffle around the legs or other appendages of animals.
Frill	A ruffled varex or fold on certain shells.
Frill	A border or edging secured at one edge and left free at the other, usually fluted or crimped like a very narrow flounce.
Frilled	Furnished with a frill or frills.
Frim	Flourishing; thriving; fresh; in good case; vigorous.
Frimaire	The third month of the French republican calendar. It commenced November 21, and ended December 20., See Vendemiaire.
Fringe	An ornamental appendage to the border of a piece of stuff, originally consisting of the ends of the warp, projecting beyond the woven fabric; but more commonly made separate and sewed on, consisting sometimes of projecting ends, twisted or plaited together, and sometimes of loose threads of wool, silk, or linen, or narrow strips of leather, or the like.
Fringe	Something resembling in any respect a fringe; a line of objects along a border or edge; a border; an edging; a margin; a confine.
Fringe	One of a number of light or dark bands, produced by the interference of light; a diffraction band; --  called also interference fringe.
Fringe	The peristome or fringelike appendage of the capsules of most mosses. See Peristome.
Fringed	of Fringe
Fringing	of Fringe
Fringe	To adorn the edge of with a fringe or as with a fringe.
Fringed	Furnished with a fringe.
Fringeless	Having no fringe.
Fringent	Encircling like a fringe; bordering.
Fringilla	A genus of birds, with a short, conical, pointed bill. It formerly included all the sparrows and finches, but is now restricted to certain European finches, like the chaffinch and brambling.
Fringillaceous	Fringilline.
Fringilline	Pertaining to the family Fringillidae; characteristic of finches; sparrowlike.
Fringy	Aborned with fringes.
Fripper	One who deals in frippery or in old clothes.
Fripperer	A fripper.
Frippery	Coast-off clothes.
Frippery	Hence: Secondhand finery; cheap and tawdry decoration; affected elegance.
Frippery	A place where old clothes are sold.
Frippery	The trade or traffic in old clothes.
Frippery	Trifling; contemptible.
Friseur'	A hairdresser.
Frisian	Of or pertaining to Friesland, a province of the Netherlands; Friesic.
Frisian	A native or inhabitant of Friesland; also, the language spoken in Friesland. See Friesic, n.
Frisk	Lively; brisk; frolicsome; frisky.
Frisk	A frolic; a fit of wanton gayety; a gambol: a little playful skip or leap.
Frisked	of Frisk
Frisking	of Frisk
Frisk	To leap, skip, dance, or gambol, in fronc and gayety.
Friskal	A leap or caper.
Frisker	One who frisks; one who leaps of dances in gayety; a wanton; an inconstant or unsettled person.
Frisket	The light frame which holds the sheet of paper to the tympan in printing.
Friskful	Brisk; lively; frolicsome.
Friskily'	In a frisky manner.
Friskiness	State or quality of being frisky.
Frisky	Inclined to frisk; frolicsome; gay.
Frislet	A kind of small ruffle.
Frist	To sell upon credit, as goods.
Frisure	The dressing of the hair by crisping or curling.
Frit	The material of which glass is made, after having been calcined or partly fused in a furnace, but before vitrification. It is a composition of silex and alkali, occasionally with other ingredients.
Frit	The material for glaze of pottery.
Fritted	of Frit
Fritting	of Frit
Frit	To prepare by heat (the materials for making glass); to fuse partially.
Frit	To fritter; -- with away.
Frith	A narrow arm of the sea; an estuary; the opening of a river into the sea; as, the Frith of Forth.
Frith	A kind of weir for catching fish.
Frith	A forest; a woody place.
Frith	A small field taken out of a common, by inclosing it; an inclosure.
Frithy	Woody.
Fritillaria	A genus of liliaceous plants, of which the crown-imperial (Fritillaria imperialis) is one species, and the Guinea-hen flower (F. Meleagris) another. See Crown-imperial.
Fritillary	A plant with checkered petals, of the genus Fritillaria: the Guinea-hen flower. See Fritillaria.
Fritillary	One of several species of butterflies belonging to Argynnis and allied genera; -- so called because the coloring of their wings resembles that of the common Fritillaria. See Aphrodite.
Fritinancy	A chirping or creaking, as of a cricket.
Fritter	A small quantity of batter, fried in boiling lard or in a frying pan. Fritters are of various kinds, named from the substance inclosed in the batter; as, apple fritters, clam fritters, oyster fritters.
Fritter	A fragment; a shred; a small piece.
Frittered	of Fritter
Frittering	of Fritter
Fritter	To cut, as meat, into small pieces, for frying.
Fritter	To break into small pieces or fragments.
Fritting	The formation of frit or slag by heat with but incipient fusion.
Frivolism	Frivolity.
Frivolities	of Frivolity
Frivolity	The condition or quality of being frivolous; also, acts or habits of trifling; unbecoming levity of disposition.
Frivolous	Of little weight or importance; not worth notice; slight; as, a frivolous argument.
Frivolous	Given to trifling; marked with unbecoming levity; silly; interested especially in trifling matters.
Frizzed	of Friz
Frizzing	of Friz
Friz	To curl or form into small curls, as hair, with a crisping pin; to crisp.
Friz	To form into little burs, prominences, knobs, or tufts, as the nap of cloth.
Friz	To soften and make of even thickness by rubbing, as with pumice stone or a blunt instrument.
Frizzes	of Friz
Friz	That which is frizzed; anything crisped or curled, as a wig; a frizzle.
Frize	See 1st Frieze.
Frizel	A movable furrowed piece of steel struck by the flint, to throw sparks into the pan, in an early form of flintlock.
Frizette	A curl of hair or silk; a pad of frizzed hair or silk worn by women under the hair to stuff it out.
Frizz	See Friz, v. t. & n.
Frizzled	of Frizzle
Frizzling	of Frizzle
Frizzle	To curl or crisp, as hair; to friz; to crinkle.
Frizzle	A curl; a lock of hair crisped.
Frizzler	One who frizzles.
Frizzly	Alt. of Frizzy
Frizzy	Curled or crisped; as, frizzly, hair.
Fro	From; away; back or backward; -- now used only in opposition to the word to, in the phrase to and fro, that is, to and from. See To and fro under To.
Fro	From.
Frock	A loose outer garment; especially, a gown forming a part of European modern costume for women and children; also, a coarse shirtlike garment worn by some workmen over their other clothes; a smock frock; as, a marketman's frock.
Frock	A coarse gown worn by monks or friars, and supposed to take the place of all, or nearly all, other garments. It has a hood which can be drawn over the head at pleasure, and is girded by a cord.
Frock	To clothe in a frock.
Frock	To make a monk of.  Cf. Unfrock.
Frocked	Clothed in a frock.
Frockless	Destitute of a frock.
Froe	A dirty woman; a slattern; a frow.
Froe	An iron cleaver or splitting tool; a frow.
Frog	An amphibious animal of the genus Rana and related genera, of many species. Frogs swim rapidly, and take long leaps on land. Many of the species utter loud notes in the springtime.
Frog	The triangular prominence of the hoof, in the middle of the sole of the foot of the horse, and other animals; the fourchette.
Frog	A supporting plate having raised ribs that form continuations of the rails, to guide the wheels where one track branches from another or crosses it.
Frog	An oblong cloak button, covered with netted thread, and fastening into a loop instead of a button hole.
Frog	The loop of the scabbard of a bayonet or sword.
Frog	To ornament or fasten (a coat, etc.) with trogs. See Frog, n., 4.
Frogbit	A European plant (Hydrocharis Morsus-ranae), floating on still water and propagating itself by runners. It has roundish leaves and small white flowers.
Frogbit	An American plant (Limnobium Spongia), with similar habits.
Frogfish	See Angler, n., 2.
Frogfish	An oceanic fish of the genus Antennarius or Pterophrynoides; -- called also mousefish and toadfish.
Frogged	Provided or ornamented with frogs; as, a frogged coat. See Frog, n., 4.
Froggy	Abounding in frogs.
Frogmouth	One of several species of Asiatic and East Indian birds of the genus Batrachostomus  (family Podargidae); -- so called from their very broad, flat bills.
Frogs-bit	Frogbit.
Frogshell	One of numerous species of marine gastropod shells, belonging to Ranella and allied genera.
Froise	A kind of pancake. See 1st Fraise.
Frolic	Full of levity; dancing, playing, or frisking about; full of pranks; frolicsome; gay; merry.
Frolic	A wild prank; a flight of levity, or of gayety and mirth.
Frolic	A scene of gayety and mirth, as in lively play, or in dancing; a merrymaking.
Frolicked	of Frolic
Frolicking	of Frolic
Frolic	To play wild pranks; to play tricks of levity, mirth, and gayety; to indulge in frolicsome play; to sport.
Frolicful	Frolicsome.
Frolicky	Frolicsome.
Frolicly	In a frolicsome manner; with mirth and gayety.
Frolicsome	Full of gayety and mirth; given to pranks; sportive.
From	Out of the neighborhood of; lessening or losing proximity to; leaving behind; by reason of; out of; by aid of; -- used whenever departure, setting out, commencement of action, being, state, occurrence, etc., or procedure, emanation, absence, separation, etc., are to be expressed. It is construed with, and indicates, the point of space or time at which the action, state, etc., are regarded as setting out or beginning; also, less frequently, the source, the cause, the occasion, out of which anything proceeds; -- the aritithesis and correlative of to; as, it, is one hundred miles from Boston to Springfield; he took his sword from his side; light proceeds from the sun; separate the coarse wool from the fine; men have all sprung from Adam, and often go from good to bad, and from bad to worse; the merit of an action depends on the principle from which it proceeds; men judge of facts from personal knowledge, or from testimony.
Fromward	Alt. of Fromwards
Fromwards	A way from; -- the contrary of toward.
Frond	The organ formed by the combination or union into one body of stem and leaf, and often bearing the fructification; as, the frond of a fern or of a lichen or seaweed; also, the peculiar leaf of a palm tree.
Frondation	The act of stripping, as trees, of leaves or branches; a kind of pruning.
Fronde	A political party in France, during the minority of Louis XIV., who opposed the government, and made war upon the court party.
Fronded	Furnished with fronds.
Frondent	Covered with leaves; leafy; as, a frondent tree.
Frondesce	To unfold leaves, as plants.
Frondescence	The time at which each species of plants unfolds its leaves.
Frondescence	The act of bursting into leaf.
Frondeur	A member of the Fronde.
Frondiferous	Producing fronds.
Frondlet	A very small frond, or distinct portion of a compound frond.
Frondose	Frond bearing; resembling a frond; having a simple expansion not separable into stem and leaves.
Frondose	Leafy.
Frondous	Frondose.
Frons	The forehead; the part of the cranium between the orbits and the vertex.
Front	The forehead or brow, the part of the face above the eyes; sometimes, also, the whole face.
Front	The forehead, countenance, or personal presence, as expressive of character or temper, and especially, of boldness of disposition, sometimes of impudence; seeming; as, a bold front; a hardened front.
Front	The part or surface of anything which seems to look out, or to be directed forward; the fore or forward part; the foremost rank; the van; -- the opposite to back or rear; as, the front of a house; the front of an army.
Front	A position directly before the face of a person, or before the foremost part of a thing; as, in front of un person, of the troops, or of a house.
Front	The most conspicuous part.
Front	That which covers the foremost part of the head: a front piece of false hair worn by women.
Front	The beginning.
Front	Of or relating to the front or forward part; having a position in front; foremost; as, a front view.
Fronted	of Front
Fronting	of Front
Front	To oppose face to face; to oppose directly; to meet in a hostile manner.
Front	To appear before; to meet.
Front	To face toward; to have the front toward; to confront; as, the house fronts the street.
Front	To stand opposed or opposite to, or over against as, his house fronts the church.
Front	To adorn in front; to supply a front to; as, to front a house with marble; to front a head with laurel.
Front	To have or turn the face or front in any direction; as, the house fronts toward the east.
Frontage	The front part of an edifice or lot; extent of front.
Frontal	Belonging to the front part; being in front
Frontal	Of or pertaining to the forehead or the anterior part of the roof of the brain case; as, the frontal bones.
Frontal	Something worn on the forehead or face; a frontlet
Frontal	An ornamental band for the hair.
Frontal	The metal face guard of a soldier.
Frontal	A little pediment over a door or window.
Frontal	A movable, decorative member in metal, carved wood, or, commonly, in rich stuff or in embroidery, covering the front of the altar. Frontals are usually changed according to the different ceremonies.
Frontal	A medicament or application for the forehead.
Frontal	The frontal bone, or one of the two frontal bones, of the cranium.
Frontate	Alt. of Fron'tated
Fron'tated	Growing broader and broader, as a leaf; truncate.
Fronted	Formed with a front; drawn up in line.
Frontier	That part of a country which fronts or faces another country or an unsettled region; the marches; the border, confine, or extreme part of a country, bordering on another country; the border of the settled and cultivated part of a country; as, the frontier of civilization.
Frontier	An outwork.
Frontier	Lying on the exterior part; bordering; conterminous; as, a frontier town.
Frontier	Of or relating to a frontier.
Frontier	To constitute or form a frontier; to have a frontier; -- with on.
Frontiered	Placed on the frontiers.
Frontiersmen	of Floatiersman
Floatiersman	A man living on the frontier.
Frontignac	Alt. of Frontignan
Frontignan	A sweet muscadine wine made in Frontignan (Languedoc), France.
Frontignan	A grape of many varieties and colors.
Frontingly	In a fronting or facing position; opposingly.
Frontiniac	See Frontignac.
Frontispiece	The part which first meets the eye
Frontispiece	The principal front of a building.
Frontispiece	An ornamental figure or illustration fronting the first page, or titlepage, of a book; formerly, the titlepage itself.
Frontless	Without face or front; shameless; not diffident; impudent.
Frontlessly	Shamelessly; impudently.
Frontlet	A frontal or brow band; a fillet or band worn on the forehead.
Frontlet	A frown (likened to a frontlet).
Frontlet	The margin of the head, behind the bill of birds, often bearing rigid bristles.
Fronto-	A combining form signifying relating to the forehead or the frontal bone; as, fronto-parietal, relating to the frontal and the parietal bones; fronto-nasal, etc.
Fronton	Same as Frontal, 2.
Froppish	Peevish; froward.
Frore	Frostily.
Frorn	Frozen.
Frory	Frozen; stiff with cold.
Frory	Covered with a froth like hoarfrost.
Frost	The act of freezing; -- applied chiefly to the congelation of water; congelation of fluids.
Frost	The state or temperature of the air which occasions congelation, or the freezing of water; severe cold or freezing weather.
Frost	Frozen dew; -- called also hoarfrost or white frost.
Frost	Coldness or insensibility; severity or rigidity of character.
Frostted	of Frost
Frosting	of Frost
Frost	To injure by frost; to freeze, as plants.
Frost	To cover with hoarfrost; to produce a surface resembling frost upon, as upon cake, metals, or glass.
Frost	To roughen or sharpen, as the nail heads or calks of horseshoes, so as to fit them for frosty weather.
Frostbird	The golden plover.
Frostbite	The freezing, or effect of a freezing, of some part of the body, as the ears or nose.
Frostbite	To expose to the effect of frost, or a frosty air; to blight or nip with frost.
Frost-bitten	Nipped, withered, or injured, by frost or freezing.
Frost-blite	A plant of the genus Atriplex; orache.
Frost-blite	The lamb's-quarters (Chenopodium album).
Frosted	Covered with hoarfrost or anything resembling hoarfrost; ornamented with frosting; also, frost-bitten; as, a frosted cake; frosted glass.
Frostfish	The tomcod; -- so called because it is abundant on the New England coast in autumn at about the commencement of frost. See Tomcod.
Frostfish	The smelt.
Frostfish	A name applied in New Zealand to the scabbard fish (Lepidotus) valued as a food fish.
Frostily	In a frosty manner.
Frostiness	State or quality of being frosty.
Frosting	A composition of sugar and beaten egg, used to cover or ornament cake, pudding, etc.
Frosting	A lusterless finish of metal or glass; the process of producing such a finish.
Frostless	Free from frost; as, a frostless winter.
Frostweed	An American species of rockrose (Helianthemum Canadense), sometimes used in medicine as an astringent or aromatic tonic.
Frostwork	The figurework, often fantastic and delicate, which moisture sometimes forms in freezing, as upon a window pane or a flagstone.
Frostwort	Same as Frostweed.
Frosty	Attended with, or producing, frost; having power to congeal water; cold; freezing; as, a frosty night.
Frosty	Covered with frost; as, the grass is frosty.
Frosty	Chill in affection; without warmth of affection or courage.
Frosty	Appearing as if covered with hoarfrost; white; gray-haired; as, a frosty head.
Frote	To rub or wear by rubbing; to chafe.
Froterer	One who frotes; one who rubs or chafes.
Froth	The bubbles caused in fluids or liquors by fermentation or agitation; spume; foam; esp., a spume of saliva caused by disease or nervous excitement.
Froth	Any empty, senseless show of wit or eloquence; rhetoric without thought.
Froth	Light, unsubstantial matter.
Frothed	of Froth
Frothing	of Froth
Froth	To cause to foam.
Froth	To spit, vent, or eject, as froth.
Froth	To cover with froth; as, a horse froths his chain.
Froth	To throw up or out spume, foam, or bubbles; to foam; as beer froths; a horse froths.
Frothily	In a frothy manner.
Frothiness	State or quality of being frothy.
Frothing	Exaggerated declamation; rant.
Frothless	Free from froth.
Frothy	Full of foam or froth, or consisting of froth or light bubbles; spumous; foamy.
Frothy	Not firm or solid; soft; unstable.
Frothy	Of the nature of froth; light; empty; unsubstantial; as, a frothy speaker or harangue.
Frounced	of Frounce
Frouncing	of Frounce
Frounce	To gather into or adorn with plaits, as a dress; to form wrinkles in or upon; to curl or frizzle, as the hair.
Frounce	To form wrinkles in the forehead; to manifest displeasure; to frown.
Frounce	A wrinkle, plait, or curl; a flounce; -- also, a frown.
Frounce	An affection in hawks, in which white spittle gathers about the hawk's bill.
Frounceless	Without frounces.
Frouzy	Fetid, musty; rank; disordered and offensive to the smell or sight; slovenly; dingy. See Frowzy.
Frow	A woman; especially, a Dutch or German woman.
Frow	A dirty woman; a slattern.
Frow	A cleaving tool with handle at right angles to the blade, for splitting cask staves and shingles from the block; a frower.
Frow	Brittle.
Froward	Not willing to yield or compIy with what is required or is reasonable; perverse; disobedient; peevish; as, a froward child.
Frower	A tool. See 2d Frow.
Frowey	Working smoothly, or without splitting; -- said of timber.
Frowned	of Frown
Frowning	of Frown
Frown	To contract the brow in displeasure, severity, or sternness; to scowl; to put on a stern, grim, or surly look.
Frown	To manifest displeasure or disapprobation; to look with disfavor or threateningly; to lower; as, polite society frowns upon rudeness.
Frown	To repress or repel by expressing displeasure or disapproval; to rebuke with a look; as, frown the impudent fellow into silence.
Frown	A wrinkling of the face in displeasure, rebuke, etc.; a sour, severe, or stere look; a scowl.
Frown	Any expression of displeasure; as, the frowns of Providence; the frowns of Fortune.
Frowningly	In a frowning manner.
Frowny	Frowning; scowling.
Frowy	Musty. rancid; as, frowy butter.
Frowzy	Slovenly; unkempt; untidy; frouzy.
Froze	imp. of Freeze.
Frozen	Congealed with cold; affected by freezing; as, a frozen brook.
Frozen	Subject to frost, or to long and severe cold; chilly; as, the frozen north; the frozen zones.
Frozen	Cold-hearted; unsympathetic; unyielding.
Frozenness	A state of being frozen.
Frubish	To rub up: to furbish.
Fructed	Bearing fruit; -- said of a tree or plant so represented upon an escutcheon.
Fructescence	The maturing or ripening of fruit.
Fructiculose	Fruitful; full of fruit.
Fructidor	The twelfth month of the French republican calendar; -- commencing August 18, and ending September 16. See Vendemiaire.
Fructiferuos	Bearing or producing fruit.
Fructification	The act of forming or producing fruit; the act of fructifying, or rendering productive of fruit; fecundation.
Fructification	The collective organs by which a plant produces its fruit, or seeds, or reproductive spores.
Fructification	The process of producing fruit, or seeds, or spores.
Fructify	To bear fruit.
Fructified	of Fructify
Fructifying	of Fructify
Fructify	To make fruitful; to render productive; to fertilize; as, to fructify the earth.
Fructose	Fruit sugar; levulose.
Fructuaries	of Fructuary
Fructuary	One who enjoys the profits, income, or increase of anything.
Fructuation	Produce; fruit.
Fructuous	Fruitful; productive; profitable.
Fructure	Use; fruition; enjoyment.
Frue vanner	A moving, inclined, endless apron on which ore is concentrated by a current of water; a kind of buddle.
Frugal	Economical in the use or appropriation of resources; not wasteful or lavish; wise in the expenditure or application of force, materials, time, etc.; characterized by frugality; sparing; economical; saving; as, a frugal housekeeper; frugal of time.
Frugal	Obtained by, or appropriate to, economy; as, a frugal fortune.
Frugalities	of Frugality
Frugality	The quality of being frugal; prudent economy; that careful management of anything valuable which expends nothing unnecessarily, and applies what is used to a profitable purpose; thrift; --- opposed to extravagance.
Frugality	A sparing use; sparingness; as, frugality of praise.
Frugally	Thriftily; prudently.
Frugalness	Quality of being frugal; frugality.
Frugiferous	Producing fruit; fruitful; fructiferous.
Frugivora	The fruit bate; a group of the Cheiroptera, comprising the bats which live on fruits. See Eruit bat, under Fruit.
Frugivorous	Feeding on fruit, as birds and other animals.
Fruit	Whatever is produced for the nourishment or enjoyment of man or animals by the processes of vegetable growth, as corn, grass, cotton, flax, etc.; -- commonly used in the plural.
Fruit	The pulpy, edible seed vessels of certain plants, especially those grown on branches above ground, as apples, oranges, grapes, melons, berries, etc. See 3.
Fruit	The ripened ovary of a flowering plant, with its contents and whatever parts are consolidated with it.
Fruit	The spore cases or conceptacles of flowerless plants, as of ferns, mosses, algae, etc., with the spores contained in them.
Fruit	The produce of animals; offspring; young; as, the fruit of the womb, of the loins, of the body.
Fruit	That which is produced; the effect or consequence of any action; advantageous or desirable product or result; disadvantageous or evil consequence or effect; as, the fruits of labor, of self-denial, of intemperance.
Fruit	To bear fruit.
Fruitage	Fruit, collectively; fruit, in general; fruitery.
Fruitage	Product or result of any action; effect, good or ill.
Fruiter	A ship for carrying fruit.
Fruiterer	One who deals in fruit; a seller of fruits.
Fruiteress	A woman who sells fruit.
Fruiteries	of Fruitery
Fruitery	Fruit, taken collectively; fruitage.
Fruitery	A repository for fruit.
Fruitestere	A fruiteress.
Fruitful	Full of fruit; producing fruit abundantly; bearing results; prolific; fertile; liberal; bountiful; as, a fruitful tree, or season, or soil; a fruitful wife.
Fruiting	Pertaining to, or producing, fruit.
Fruiting	The bearing of fruit.
Fruition	Use or possession of anything, especially such as is accompanied with pleasure or satisfaction; pleasure derived from possession or use.
Fruitive	Enjoying; possessing.
Fruitless	Lacking, or not bearing, fruit; barren; destitute of offspring; as, a fruitless tree or shrub; a fruitless marriage.
Fruitless	Productive of no advantage or good effect; vain; idle; useless; unprofitable; as, a fruitless attempt; a fruitless controversy.
Fruit'y	Having the odor, taste, or appearance of fruit; also, fruitful.
Frumentaceous	Made of, or resembling, wheat or other grain.
Frumentarious	Of or pertaining to wheat or grain.
Frumentation	A largess of grain bestowed upon the people, to quiet them when uneasy.
Frumenty	Food made of hulled wheat boiled in milk, with sugar, plums, etc.
Frump	To insult; to flout; to mock; to snub.
Frump	A contemptuous speech or piece of conduct; a gibe or flout.
Frump	A cross, old-fashioned person; esp., an old woman; a gossip.
Frumper	A mocker.
Frumpish	Cross-tempered; scornful.
Frumpish	Old-fashioned, as a woman's dress.
Frush	To batter; to break in pieces.
Frush	Easily broken; brittle; crisp.
Frush	Noise; clatter; crash.
Frush	The frog of a horse's foot.
Frush	A discharge of a fetid or ichorous matter from the frog of a horse's foot; -- also caled thrush.
Frustrable	Capable of beeing frustrated or defeated.
Frustraneous	Vain; useless; unprofitable.
Frustrate	Vain; ineffectual; useless; unprofitable; null; voil; nugatory; of no effect.
Frustrated	of Frustrate
Frustrating	of Frustrate
Frustrate	To bring to nothing; to prevent from attaining a purpose; to disappoint; to defeat; to baffle; as, to frustrate a plan, design, or attempt; to frustrate the will or purpose.
Frustrate	To make null; to nullifly; to render invalid or of no effect; as, to frustrate a conveyance or deed.
Frustrately	In vain.
Frustration	The act of frustrating; disappointment; defeat; as, the frustration of one's designs
Frustrative	Tending to defeat; fallacious.
Frustratory	Making void; rendering null; as, a frustratory appeal.
Frustule	The siliceous shell of a diatom. It is composed of two valves, one overlapping the other, like a pill box and its cover.
Frustulent	Abounding in fragments.
Frusta	of Frustum
Frustums	of Frustum
Frustum	The part of a solid next the base, formed by cutting off the, top; or the part of any solid, as of a cone, pyramid, etc., between two planes, which may be either parallel or inclined to each other.
Frustum	One of the drums of the shaft of a column.
Frutage	A picture of fruit; decoration by representation of fruit.
Frutage	A confection of fruit.
Frutescent	Somewhat shrubby in character; imperfectly shrubby, as the American species of Wistaria.
Frutex	A plant having a woody, durable stem, but less than a tree; a shrub.
Fruticant	Full of shoots.
Fruticose	Pertaining to a shrub or shrubs; branching like a shrub; shrubby; shrublike; as, a fruticose stem.
Fruticous	Fruticose.
Fruticulose	Like, or pertaining to, a small shrub.
Fried	of Fry
Frying	of Fry
Fry	To cook in a pan or on a griddle (esp. with the use of fat, butter, or olive oil) by heating over a fire; to cook in boiling lard or fat; as, to fry fish; to fry doughnuts.
Fry	To undergo the process of frying; to be subject to the action of heat in a frying pan, or on a griddle, or in a kettle of hot fat.
Fry	To simmer; to boil.
Fry	To undergo or cause a disturbing action accompanied with a sensation of heat.
Fry	To be agitated; to be greatly moved.
Ery	A dish of anything fried.
Ery	A state of excitement; as, to be in a fry.
Fry	The young of any fish.
Fry	A swarm or crowd, especially of little fishes; young or small things in general.
Frying	The process denoted by the verb fry.
Fuage	Same as Fumage.
Fuar	Same as Feuar.
Fub	Alt. of Fubs
Fubs	A plump young person or child.
Fub	To put off by trickery; to cheat.
Fubbery	Cheating; deception.
Fubby	Alt. of Fubsy
Fubsy	Plump; chubby; short and stuffy; as a fubsy sofa.
Fucate	Alt. of Fucated
Fucated	Painted; disguised with paint, or with false show.
Fuchs	A student of the first year.
Fuchsias	of Fuchsia
Fuchslae	of Fuchsia
Fuchsia	A genus of flowering plants having elegant drooping flowers, with four sepals, four petals, eight stamens, and a single pistil. They are natives of Mexico and South America. Double-flowered varieties are now common in cultivation.
Fuchsine	Aniline red; an artificial coal-tar dyestuff, of a metallic green color superficially, resembling cantharides, but when dissolved forming a brilliant dark red. It consists of a hydrochloride or acetate of rosaniline. See Rosaniline.
Fucivorous	Eating fucus or other seaweeds.
Fucoid	Properly, belonging to an order of alga: (Fucoideae) which are blackish in color, and produce oospores which are not fertilized until they have escaped from the conceptacle. The common rockweeds and the gulfweed (Sargassum) are fucoid in character.
Fucoid	In a vague sense, resembling seaweeds, or of the nature of seaweeds.
Fucoid	A plant, whether recent or fossil, which resembles a seaweed. See Fucoid, a.
Fucoidal	Fucoid.
Fucoidal	Containing impressions of fossil fucoids or seaweeds; as, fucoidal sandstone.
Fuci	of Fucus
Fucus	A paint; a dye; also, false show.
Fucus	A genus of tough, leathery seaweeds, usually of a dull brownish green color; rockweed.
Fucusol	An oily liquid, resembling, and possibly identical with, furfurol, and obtained from fucus, and other seaweeds.
Fud	The tail of a hare, coney, etc.
Fud	Woolen waste, for mixing with mungo and shoddy.
Fudder	See Fodder, a weight.
Fuddled	of Fuddle
Fuddling	of Fuddle
Fuddle	To make foolish by drink; to cause to become intoxicated.
Fuddle	To drink to excess.
Fuddler	A drunkard.
Fudge	A made-up story; stuff; nonsense; humbug; -- often an exclamation of contempt.
Fudged	of Fudge
Fudging	of Fudge
Fudge	To make up; to devise; to contrive; to fabricate.
Fudge	To foist; to interpolate.
Fudge wheel	A tool for ornamenting the edge of a sole.
Fuegian	Of or pertaining to Terra del Fuego.
Fuegian	A native of Terra del Fuego.
Fuel	Any matter used to produce heat by burning; that which feeds fire; combustible matter used for fires, as wood, coal, peat, etc.
Fuel	Anything that serves to feed or increase passion or excitement.
Fuel	To feed with fuel.
Fuel	To store or furnish with fuel or firing.
Fueler	One who, or that which, supplies fuel.
Fuero	A code; a charter; a grant of privileges.
Fuero	A custom having the force of law.
Fuero	A declaration by a magistrate.
Fuero	A place where justice is administered.
Fuero	The jurisdiction of a tribunal.
Fuff	To puff.
Fuffy	Light; puffy.
Fuga	A fugue.
Fugacious	Flying, or disposed to fly; fleeing away; lasting but a short time; volatile.
Fugacious	Fleeting; lasting but a short time; -- applied particularly to organs or parts which are short-lived as compared with the life of the individual.
Fugaciousness	Fugacity.
Fugacity	The quality of being fugacious; fugaclousness; volatility; as, fugacity of spirits.
Fugacity	Uncertainty; instability.
Fugacy	Banishment.
Fugato	in the gugue style, but not strictly like a fugue.
Fugato	A composition resembling a fugue.
Fugh	An exclamation of disgust; foh; faugh.
Fughetta	a short, condensed fugue.
Fugitive	Fleeing from pursuit, danger, restraint, etc., escaping, from service, duty etc.; as, a fugitive solder; a fugitive slave; a fugitive debtor.
Fugitive	Not fixed; not durable; liable to disappear or fall away; volatile; uncertain; evanescent; liable to fade; -- applied to material and immaterial things; as, fugitive colors; a fugitive idea.
Fugitive	One who flees from pursuit, danger, restraint, service, duty, etc.; a deserter; as, a fugitive from justice.
Fugitive	Something hard to be caught or detained.
Fugitively	In a fugitive manner.
Fugitiveness	The quality or condition of being fugitive; evanescence; volatility; fugacity; instability.
Fugle	To maneuver; to move hither and thither.
Fuglemen	of Fugleman
Fugleman	A soldier especially expert and well drilled, who takes his place in front of a military company, as a guide for the others in their exercises; a file leader. He originally stood in front of the right wing.
Fugleman	Hence, one who leads the way.
Fugue	A polyphonic composition, developed from a given theme or themes, according to strict contrapuntal rules. The theme is first given out by one voice or part, and then, while that pursues its way, it is repeated by another at the interval of a fifth or fourth, and so on, until all the parts have answered one by one, continuing their several melodies and interweaving them in one complex progressive whole, in which the theme is often lost and reappears.
Fuguist	A musician who composes or performs fugues.
-ful	A suffix signifying full of, abounding with; as, boastful, harmful, woeful.
Fulahs	Alt. of Foolahs
Foolahs	A peculiar African race of uncertain origin, but distinct from the negro tribes, inhabiting an extensive region of Western Soudan. Their color is brown or yellowish bronze. They are Mohammedans. Called also Fellatahs, Foulahs, and Fellani. Fulah is also used adjectively; as, Fulah empire, tribes, language.
Fulbe	Same as Fulahs.
Fuldble	Capable of being propped up.
Fulciment	A prop; a fulcrum.
Fulcra	See Fulcrum.
Fulcrate	Propped; supported by accessory organs.
Fulcrate	Furnished with fulcrums.
Fulcra	of Fulcrum
Fulcrums	of Fulcrum
Fulcrum	A prop or support.
Fulcrum	That by which a lever is sustained, or about which it turns in lifting or moving a body.
Fulcrum	An accessory organ such as a tendril, stipule, spine, and the like.
Fulcrum	The horny inferior surface of the lingua of certain insects.
Fulcrum	One of the small, spiniform scales found on the front edge of the dorsal and caudal fins of many ganoid fishes.
Fulcrum	The connective tissue supporting the framework of the retina of the eye.
Fulfilled	of Fulfill
Fulfilling	of Fulfill
Fulfill	To fill up; to make full or complete.
Fulfill	To accomplish or carry into effect, as an intention, promise, or prophecy, a desire, prayer, or requirement, etc.; to complete by performance; to answer the requisitions of; to bring to pass, as a purpose or design; to effectuate.
Fulfiller	One who fulfills.
Fulfillment	The act of fulfilling; accomplishment; completion; as, the fulfillment of prophecy.
Fulfillment	Execution; performance; as, the fulfillment of a promise.
Fulgency	Brightness; splendor; glitter; effulgence.
Fulgent	Exquisitely bright; shining; dazzling; effulgent.
Fulgently	Dazzlingly; glitteringly.
Fulgid	Shining; glittering; dazzling.
Fulgidity	Splendor; resplendence; effulgence.
Fulgor	Dazzling brightness; splendor.
Fulgurant	Lightening.
Fulgurata	A spectro-electric tube in which the decomposition of a liquid by the passage of an electric spark is observed.
Fulgurate	To flash as lightning.
Fulgurating	Resembling lightning; -- used to describe intense lancinating pains accompanying locomotor ataxy.
Fulguration	The act of lightening.
Fulguration	The sudden brightening of a fused globule of gold or silver, when the last film of the oxide of lead or copper leaves its surface; -- also called blick.
Fulgurite	A vitrified sand tube produced by the striking of lightning on sand; a lightning tube; also, the portion of rock surface fused by a lightning discharge.
Fulgury	Lightning.
Fulham	A false die.
Fuliginosity	The condition or quality of being fuliginous; sootiness; matter deposited by smoke.
Fuliginous	Pertaining to soot; sooty; dark; dusky.
Fuliginous	Pertaining to smoke; resembling smoke.
Fuliginously	In a smoky manner.
Fulimart	Same as Foumart.
Full	Filled up, having within its limits all that it can contain; supplied; not empty or vacant; -- said primarily of hollow vessels, and hence of anything else; as, a cup full of water; a house full of people.
Full	Abundantly furnished or provided; sufficient in. quantity, quality, or degree; copious; plenteous; ample; adequate; as, a full meal; a full supply; a full voice; a full compensation; a house full of furniture.
Full	Not wanting in any essential quality; complete, entire; perfect; adequate; as, a full narrative; a person of full age; a full stop; a full face; the full moon.
Full	Sated; surfeited.
Full	Having the mind filled with ideas; stocked with knowledge; stored with information.
Full	Having the attention, thoughts, etc., absorbed in any matter, and the feelings more or less excited by it, as, to be full of some project.
Full	Filled with emotions.
Full	Impregnated; made pregnant.
Full	Complete measure; utmost extent; the highest state or degree.
Full	Quite; to the same degree; without abatement or diminution; with the whole force or effect; thoroughly; completely; exactly; entirely.
Full	To become full or wholly illuminated; as, the moon fulls at midnight.
Fulled	of Full
Fulling	of Full
Full	To thicken by moistening, heating, and pressing, as cloth; to mill; to make compact; to scour, cleanse, and thicken in a mill.
Full	To become fulled or thickened; as, this material fulls well.
Fullage	The money or price paid for fulling or cleansing cloth.
Fullam	A false die. See Fulham.
Full-blooded	Having a full supply of blood.
Full-blooded	Of pure blood; thoroughbred; as, a full-blooded horse.
Full-bloomed	Like a perfect blossom.
Full-blown	Fully expanded, as a blossom; as, a full-bloun rose.
Full-blown	Fully distended with wind, as a sail.
Full-bottomed	Full and large at the bottom, as wigs worn by certain civil officers in Great Britain.
Full-bottomed	Of great capacity below the water line.
Full-butt	With direct and violentop position; with sudden collision.
Full-drive	With full speed.
Fuller	One whose occupation is to full cloth.
Fuller	A die; a half-round set hammer, used for forming grooves and spreading iron; -- called also a creaser.
Fuller	To form a groove or channel in, by a fuller or set hammer; as, to fuller a bayonet.
Fulleries	of Fullery
Fullery	The place or the works where the fulling of cloth is carried on.
Full-formed	Full in form or shape; rounded out with flesh.
Full-grown	Having reached the limits of growth; mature.
Full-hearted	Full of courage or confidence.
Full-hot	Very fiery.
Fulling	The process of cleansing, shrinking, and thickening cloth by moisture, heat, and pressure.
Full-manned	Completely furnished wiith men, as a ship.
Fullmart	See Foumart.
Fullness	The state of being full, or of abounding; abundance; completeness.
Fullonical	Pertaining to a fuller of cloth.
Full-orbed	Having the orb or disk complete or fully illuminated; like the full moon.
Full-sailed	Having all its sails set,; hence, without restriction or reservation.
Full-winged	Having large and strong or complete wings.
Full-winged	Beady for flight; eager.
Fully	In a full manner or degree; completely; entirely; without lack or defect; adequately; satisfactorily; as, to be fully persuaded of the truth of a proposition.
Fulmar	One of several species of sea birds, of the family procellariidae, allied to the albatrosses and petrels. Among the well-known species are the arctic fulmar (Fulmarus glacialis) (called also fulmar petrel, malduck, and mollemock), and the giant fulmar (Ossifraga gigantea).
Fulminant	Thundering; fulminating.
Fulminated	of Fulminate
Fulminating	of Fulminate
Fulminate	To thunder; hence, to make a loud, sudden noise; to detonate; to explode with a violent report.
Fulminate	To issue or send forth decrees or censures with the assumption of supreme authority; to thunder forth menaces.
Fulminate	To cause to explode.
Fulminate	To utter or send out with denunciations or censures; -- said especially of menaces or censures uttered by ecclesiastical authority.
Fulminate	A salt of fulminic acid. See under Fulminic.
Fulminate	A fulminating powder.
Fulminating	Thundering; exploding in a peculiarly sudden or violent manner.
Fulminating	Hurling denunciations, menaces, or censures.
Fulmination	The act of fulminating or exploding; detonation.
Fulmination	The act of thundering forth threats or censures, as with authority.
Fulmination	That which is fulminated or thundered forth; vehement menace or censure.
Fulminatory	Thundering; striking terror.
Fulmine	To thunder.
Fulmine	To shoot; to dart like lightning; to fulminate; to utter with authority or vehemence.
Fulmineous	Of, or concerning thunder.
Fulmiaic	Pertaining to fulmination; detonating; specifically (Chem.), pertaining to, derived from, or denoting, an acid, so called; as, fulminic acid.
Fulminuric	Pertaining to fulminic and cyanuric acids, and designating an acid so called.
Falness	See Fullness.
Fulsamic	Fulsome.
Fulsome	Full; abundant; plenteous; not shriveled.
Fulsome	Offending or disgusting by overfullness, excess, or grossness; cloying; gross; nauseous; esp., offensive from excess of praise; as, fulsome flattery.
Fulsome	Lustful; wanton; obscene; also, tending to obscenity.
Fulvid	Fulvous.
Fulvous	Tawny; dull yellow, with a mixture of gray and brown.
Fum	To play upon a fiddle.
Fumacious	Smoky; hence, fond of smoking; addicted to smoking tobacco.
Fumades	of Fumado
Fumadoes	of Fumado
Fumade	Alt. of Fumado
Fumado	A salted and smoked fish, as the pilchard.
Fumage	Hearth money.
Fumarate	A salt of fumaric acid.
Fumaric	Pertaining to, or derived from, fumitory (Fumaria officinalis).
Fumarine	An alkaloid extracted from fumitory, as a white crystalline substance.
Fumarole	A hole or spot in a volcanic or other region, from which fumes issue.
Fumatory	See Fumitory.
Fumbled	of Fumble
Fumbling	of Fumble
Fumble	To feel or grope about; to make awkward attempts to do or find something.
Fumble	To grope about in perplexity; to seek awkwardly; as, to fumble for an excuse.
Fumble	To handle much; to play childishly; to turn over and over.
Fumble	To handle or manage awkwardly; to crowd or tumble together.
Fumbler	One who fumbles.
Fumblingly	In the manner of one who fumbles.
Fume	Exhalation; volatile matter (esp. noxious vapor or smoke) ascending in a dense body; smoke; vapor; reek; as, the fumes of tobacco.
Fume	Rage or excitement which deprives the mind of self-control; as, the fumes of passion.
Fume	Anything vaporlike, unsubstantial, or airy; idle conceit; vain imagination.
Fume	The incense of praise; inordinate flattery.
Fumed	of Fume
Fuming	of Fume
Fume	To smoke; to throw off fumes, as in combustion or chemical action; to rise up, as vapor.
Fume	To be as in a mist; to be dulled and stupefied.
Fume	To pass off in fumes or vapors.
Fume	To be in a rage; to be hot with anger.
Fume	To expose to the action of fumes; to treat with vapors, smoke, etc.; as, to bleach straw by fuming it with sulphur; to fill with fumes, vapors, odors, etc., as a room.
Fume	To praise inordinately; to flatter.
Fume	To throw off in vapor, or as in the form of vapor.
Fumeless	Free from fumes.
Fumer	One that fumes.
Fumer	One who makes or uses perfumes.
Fumerell	See Femerell.
Fumet	The dung of deer.
Fumet	Alt. of Fumette
Fumette	The stench or high flavor of game or other meat when kept long.
Fumetere	Fumitory.
Fumid	Smoky; vaporous.
Fumidity	Alt. of Fumidness
Fumidness	The state of being fumid; smokiness.
Fumiferous	Producing smoke.
Fumifugist	One who, or that which, drives away smoke or fumes.
Fumify	To subject to the action of smoke.
Fumigant	Fuming.
Fumigated	of Fumigate
Fumigating	of Fumigate
Fumigate	To apply smoke to; to expose to smoke or vapor; to purify, or free from infection, by the use of smoke or vapors.
Fumigate	To smoke; to perfume.
Fumigation	The act of fumigating, or applying smoke or vapor, as for disinfection.
Fumigation	Vapor raised in the process of fumigating.
Fumigator	One who, or that which, fumigates; an apparattus for fumigating.
Fumigatory	Having the quality of purifying by smoke.
Fumlly	Smokily; with fume.
Fuming	Producing fumes, or vapors.
Fumingly	In a fuming manner; angrily.
Famish	Smoky; hot; choleric.
Fumishness	Choler; fretfulness; passion.
Fumitez	Fumitory.
Fumitory	The common uame of several species of the genus Fumaria, annual herbs of the Old World, with finely dissected leaves and small flowers in dense racemes or spikes. F. officinalis is a common species, and was formerly used as an antiscorbutic.
Fummel	A hinny.
Fumosity	The fumes of drink.
Fumous	Producing smoke; smoky.
Fumous	Producing fumes; full of fumes.
Fumy	Producing fumes; fumous.
Fun	Sport; merriment; frolicsome amusement.
Funambulate	To walk or to dance on a rope.
Funambulation	Ropedancing.
Funambulatory	Performing like a ropedancer.
Funambulatory	Narrow, like the walk of a ropedancer.
Funambulist	A ropewalker or ropedancer.
Funambulo	Alt. of Funambulus
Funambulus	A ropewalker or ropedancer.
Function	The act of executing or performing any duty, office, or calling; per formance.
Function	The appropriate action of any special organ or part of an animal or vegetable organism; as, the function of the heart or the limbs; the function of leaves, sap, roots, etc.; life is the sum of the functions of the various organs and parts of the body.
Function	The natural or assigned action of any power or faculty, as of the soul, or of the intellect; the exertion of an energy of some determinate kind.
Function	The course of action which peculiarly pertains to any public officer in church or state; the activity appropriate to any business or profession.
Function	A quantity so connected with another quantity, that if any alteration be made in the latter there will be a consequent alteration in the former. Each quantity is said to be a function of the other. Thus, the circumference of a circle is a function of the diameter. If x be a symbol to which different numerical values can be assigned, such expressions as x2, 3x, Log. x, and Sin. x, are all functions of x.
Function	Alt. of Functionate
Functionate	To execute or perform a function; to transact one's regular or appointed business.
Functional	Pertaining to, or connected with, a function or duty; official.
Functional	Pertaining to the function of an organ or part, or to the functions in general.
Functionalize	To assign to some function or office.
Functionally	In a functional manner; as regards normal or appropriate activity.
Functionaries	of Functionary
Functionary	One charged with the performance of a function or office; as, a public functionary; secular functionaries.
Functionless	Destitute of function, or of an appropriate organ. Darwin.
Fund	An aggregation or deposit of resources from which supplies are or may be drawn for carrying on any work, or for maintaining existence.
Fund	A stock or capital; a sum of money appropriated as the foundation of some commercial or other operation undertaken with a view to profit; that reserve by means of which expenses and credit are supported; as, the fund of a bank, commercial house, manufacturing corporation, etc.
Fund	The stock of a national debt; public securities; evidences (stocks or bonds) of money lent to government, for which interest is paid at prescribed intervals; -- called also public funds.
Fund	An invested sum, whose income is devoted to a specific object; as, the fund of an ecclesiastical society; a fund for the maintenance of lectures or poor students; also, money systematically collected to meet the expenses of some permanent object.
Fund	A store laid up, from which one may draw at pleasure; a supply; a full provision of resources; as, a fund of wisdom or good sense.
Funded	of Fund
Funding	of Fund
Fund	To provide and appropriate a fund or permanent revenue for the payment of the interest of; to make permanent provision of resources (as by a pledge of revenue from customs) for discharging the interest of or principal of; as, to fund government notes.
Fund	To place in a fund, as money.
Fund	To put into the form of bonds or stocks bearing regular interest; as, to fund the floating debt.
Fundable	Capable of being funded, or converted into a fund; convertible into bonds.
Fundament	Foundation.
Fundament	The part of the body on which one sits; the buttocks; specifically (Anat.), the anus.
Fundamental	Pertaining to the foundation or basis; serving for the foundation. Hence: Essential, as an element, principle, or law; important; original; elementary; as, a fundamental truth; a fundamental axiom.
Fundamental	A leading or primary principle, rule, law, or article, which serves as the groundwork of a system; essential part, as, the fundamentals of the Christian faith.
Fundamentally	Primarily; originally; essentially; radically; at the foundation; in origin or constituents.
Funded	Existing in the form of bonds bearing regular interest; as, funded debt.
Funded	Invested in public funds; as, funded money.
Fundholder	One who has money invested in the public funds.
Funding	Providing a fund for the payment of the interest or principal of a debt.
Funding	Investing in the public funds.
Funuless	Destitute of funds.
Fundus	The bottom or base of any hollow organ; as, the fundus of the bladder; the fundus of the eye.
Funebrial	Pertaining to a funeral or funerals; funeral; funereal.
Funebrious	Funebrial.
Funeral	The solemn rites used in the disposition of a dead human body, whether such disposition be by interment, burning, or otherwise; esp., the ceremony or solemnization of interment; obsequies; burial; -- formerly used in the plural.
Funeral	The procession attending the burial of the dead; the show and accompaniments of an interment.
Funeral	A funeral sermon; -- usually in the plural.
Funeral	Per. taining to a funeral; used at the interment of the dead; as, funeral rites, honors, or ceremonies.
Funerate	To bury with funeral rites.
Funeration	The act of burying with funeral rites.
Funereal	Suiting a funeral; pertaining to burial; solemn. Hence: Dark; dismal; mournful.
Funest	Lamentable; doleful.
Fungal	Of or pertaining to fungi.
Fungate	A salt of fungic acid.
Funge	A blockhead; a dolt; a fool.
Fungi	See Fungus.
Fungia	A genus of simple, stony corals; -- so called because they are usually flat and circular, with radiating plates, like the gills of a mushroom. Some of them are eighteen inches in diameter.
Fungian	Of or pertaining to the Fungidae, a family of stony corals.
Fungian	One of the Fungidae.
Fungibles	Things which may be furnished or restored in kind, as distinguished from specific things; -- called also fungible things.
Fungibles	Movable goods which may be valued by weight or measure, in contradistinction from those which must be judged of individually.
Fungic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, mushrooms; as, fungic acid.
Fungicide	Anything that kills fungi.
Fungiform	Shaped like a fungus or mushroom.
Fungilliform	Shaped like a small fungus.
Fungin	A name formerly given to cellulose found in certain fungi and mushrooms.
Fungite	A fossil coral resembling Fungia.
Fungivorous	Eating fungi; -- said of certain insects and snails.
Fungoid	Like a fungus; fungous; spongy.
Fungologist	A mycologist.
Fungology	Mycology.
Fungosity	The quality of that which is fungous; fungous excrescence.
Fungous	Of the nature of fungi; spongy.
Fungous	Growing suddenly, but not substantial or durable.
Fungi	of Fungus
Funguses	of Fungus
Fungus	Any one of the Fungi, a large and very complex group of thallophytes of low organization, -- the molds, mildews, rusts, smuts, mushrooms, toadstools, puff balls, and the allies of each.
Fungus	A spongy, morbid growth or granulation in animal bodies, as the proud flesh of wounds.
Funic	Funicular.
Funicle	A small cord, ligature, or fiber.
Funicle	The little stalk that attaches a seed to the placenta.
Funicular	Consisting of a small cord or fiber.
Funicular	Dependent on the tension of a cord.
Funicular	Pertaining to a funiculus; made up of, or resembling, a funiculus, or funiculi; as, a funicular ligament.
Funiculate	Forming a narrow ridge.
Funiculi	of Funiculus
Funiculus	A cord, baud, or bundle of fibers; esp., one of the small bundles of fibers, of which large nerves are made up; applied also to different bands of white matter in the brain and spinal cord.
Funiculus	A short cord which connects the embryo of some myriapods with the amnion.
Funiculus	In Bryozoa, an organ extending back from the stomach. See Bryozoa, and Phylactolema.
Funiliform	Resembling a cord in toughness and flexibility, as the roots of some endogenous trees.
Funis	A cord; specifically, the umbilical cord or navel string.
Funk	An offensive smell; a stench.
Funk	To envelop with an offensive smell or smoke.
Funk	To emit an offensive smell; to stink.
Funk	To be frightened, and shrink back; to flinch; as, to funk at the edge of a precipice.
Funk	Alt. of Funking
Funking	A shrinking back through fear.
Funky	Pertaining to, or characterized by, great fear, or funking.
Funnel	A vessel of the shape of an inverted hollow cone, terminating below in a pipe, and used for conveying liquids into a close vessel; a tunnel.
Funnel	A passage or avenue for a fluid or flowing substance; specifically, a smoke flue or pipe; the iron chimney of a steamship or the like.
Funnelform	Having the form of a funnel, or tunnel; that is, expanding gradually from the bottom upward, as the corolla of some flowers; infundibuliform.
Funny	Droll; comical; amusing; laughable.
Funnies	of Funny
Funny	A clinkerbuit, narrow boat for sculling.
Fur	The short, fine, soft hair of certain animals, growing thick on the skin, and distinguished from the hair, which is longer and coarser.
Fur	The skins of certain wild animals with the fur; peltry; as, a cargo of furs.
Fur	Strips of dressed skins with fur, used on garments for warmth or for ornament.
Fur	Articles of clothing made of fur; as, a set of furs for a lady (a collar, tippet, or cape, muff, etc.).
Fur	Any coating considered as resembling fur
Fur	A coat of morbid matter collected on the tongue in persons affected with fever.
Fur	The soft, downy covering on the skin of a peach.
Fur	The deposit formed on the interior of boilers and other vessels by hard water.
Fur	One of several patterns or diapers used as tinctures. There are nine in all, or, according to some writers, only six.
Fur	Of or pertaining to furs; bearing or made of fur; as, a fur cap; the fur trade.
Furred	of Fur
Furring	of Fur
Fur	To line, face, or cover with fur; as, furred robes.
Fur	To cover with morbid matter, as the tongue.
Fur	To nail small strips of board or larger scantling upon, in order to make a level surface for lathing or boarding, or to provide for a space or interval back of the plastered or boarded surface, as inside an outer wall, by way of protection against damp.
Furacious	Given to theft; thievish.
Furacity	Addictedness to theft; thievishness.
Furbelow	A plaited or gathered flounce on a woman's garment.
Furbelowed	of Furhelow
Furbelowing	of Furhelow
Furhelow	To put a furbelow on; to ornament.
Furbished	of Furbish
Furbishing	of Furbish
Furbish	To rub or scour to brightness; to clean; to burnish; as, to furbish a sword or spear.
Furbishable	Capable of being furbished.
Furbisher	One who furbishes; esp., a sword cutler, who finishes sword blades and similar weapons.
Furcate	Alt. of Furcated
Furcated	Forked; branching like a fork; as, furcate twigs.
Furcation	A branching like a. fork.
Furciferous	Rascally; scandalous.
Furcula	A forked process; the wishbone or furculum.
Furcular	Shaped like a fork; furcate.
Furculum	The wishbone or merrythought of birds, formed by the united clavicles.
Furdle	To draw up into a bundle; to roll up.
Furfur	Scurf; dandruff.
Furfuraceous	Made of bran; like bran; scurfy.
Furfuran	A colorless, oily substance, C4H4O, obtained by distilling certain organic substances, as pine wood, salts of pyromucic acid, etc.; -- called also tetraphenol.
Furfuration	Falling of scurf from the head; desquamation.
Furfurine	A white, crystalline base, obtained indirectly from furfurol.
Furfurol	A colorless oily liquid, C4H3O.CHO, of a pleasant odor, obtained by the distillation of bran, sugar, etc., and regarded as an aldehyde derivative of furfuran; -- called also furfural.
Furfurous	Made of bran; furfuraceous.
Furial	Furious; raging; tormenting.
Furibundal	Full of rage.
Furies	See Fury, 3.
Furile	A yellow, crystalline substance, (C4H3O)2.C2O2, obtained by the oxidation of furoin.
Furilic	Pertaining to, or derived from, furile; as, furilic acid.
Furioso	With great force or vigor; vehemently.
Furious	Transported with passion or fury; raging; violent; as, a furious animal.
Furious	Rushing with impetuosity; moving with violence; as, a furious stream; a furious wind or storm.
Furld	of Furl
Furling	of Furl
Furl	To draw up or gather into close compass; to wrap or roll, as a sail, close to the yard, stay, or mast, or, as a flag, close to or around its staff, securing it there by a gasket or line. Totten.
Furlong	A measure of length; the eighth part of a mile; forty rods; two hundred and twenty yards.
Furlough	Leave of abserice; especially, leave given to an offcer or soldier to be absent from service for a certain time; also, the document granting leave of absence.
Furloughed	of Furlough
Furloughing	of Furlough
Furlough	To furnish with a furlough; to grant leave of absence to, as to an offcer or soldier.
Furmonty	Alt. of Furmity
Furmity	Same as Frumenty.
Furnace	An inclosed place in which heat is produced by the combustion of fuel, as for reducing ores or melting metals, for warming a house, for baking pottery, etc.; as, an iron furnace; a hot-air furnace; a glass furnace; a boiler furnace, etc.
Furnace	A place or time of punishment, affiction, or great trial; severe experience or discipline.
Furnace	To throw out, or exhale, as from a furnace; also, to put into a furnace.
Furniment	Furniture.
Furnished	of Furnish
Furnishing	of Furnish
Furnish	To supply with anything necessary, useful, or appropriate; to provide; to equip; to fit out, or fit up; to adorn; as, to furnish a family with provisions; to furnish one with arms for defense; to furnish a Cable; to furnish the mind with ideas; to furnish one with knowledge or principles; to furnish an expedition or enterprise, a room or a house.
Furnish	To offer for use; to provide (something); to give (something); to afford; as, to furnish food to the hungry: to furnish arms for defense.
Furnish	That which is furnished as a specimen; a sample; a supply.
Furnisher	One who supplies or fits out.
Furnishment	The act of furnishing, or of supplying furniture; also, furniture.
Furniture	That with which anything is furnished or supplied; supplies; outfit; equipment.
Furniture	Articles used for convenience or decoration in a house or apartment, as tables, chairs, bedsteads, sofas, carpets, curtains, pictures, vases, etc.
Furniture	The necessary appendages to anything, as to a machine, a carriage, a ship, etc.
Furniture	The masts and rigging of a ship.
Furniture	The mountings of a gun.
Furniture	Builders' hardware such as locks, door and window trimmings.
Furniture	Pieces of wood or metal of a lesser height than the type, placed around the pages or other matter in a form, and, with the quoins, serving to secure the form in its place in the chase.
Furniture	A mixed or compound stop in an organ; -- sometimes called mixture.
Furoin	A colorless, crystalline substance, C10H8O4, from furfurol.
Furore	Excitement; commotion; enthusiasm.
Furrier	A dealer in furs; one who makes or sells fur goods.
Furriery	Furs, in general.
Furriery	The business of a furrier; trade in furs.
Furring	The leveling of a surface, or the preparing of an air space, by means of strips of board or of larger pieces. See Fur, v. t., 3.
Furring	The strips thus laid on.
Furring	Double planking of a ship's side.
Furring	A deposit from water, as on the inside of a boiler; also, the operation of cleaning away this deposit.
Furrow	A trench in the earth made by, or as by, a plow.
Furrow	Any trench, channel, or groove, as in wood or metal; a wrinkle on the face; as, the furrows of age.
Furrowed	of Furrow
Furrowing	of Furrow
Furrow	To cut a furrow in; to make furrows in; to plow; as, to furrow the ground or sea.
Furrow	To mark with channels or with wrinkles.
Furrowy	Furrowed.
Furry	Covered with fur; dressed in fur.
Furry	Consisting of fur; as, furry spoils.
Furry	Resembling fur.
Further	To a greater distance; in addition; moreover. See Farther.
Further	More remote; at a greater distance; more in advance; farther; as, the further end of the field. See Farther.
Further	Beyond; additional; as, a further reason for this opinion; nothing further to suggest.
Furthered	of Further
Furthering	of Further
Further	To help forward; to promote; to advance; to forward; to help or assist.
Furtherance	The act of furthering or helping forward; promotion; advancement; progress.
Fartherer	One who furthers. or helps to advance; a promoter.
Furthermore	or conj. Moreover; besides; in addition to what has been said.
Furthermost	Most remote; furthest.
Furthersome	Tending to further, advance, or promote; helpful; advantageous.
Furthest	superl. Most remote; most in advance; farthest. See Further, a.
Furthest	At the greatest distance; farthest.
Furtive	Stolen; obtained or characterized by stealth; sly; secret; stealthy; as, a furtive look.
Furtively	Stealthily by theft.
Furuncle	A superficial, inflammatory tumor, suppurating with a central core; a boil.
Faruncular	Of or pertaining to a furuncle; marked by the presence of furuncles.
Fury	A thief.
Furies	of Fury
Fury	Violent or extreme excitement; overmastering agitation or enthusiasm.
Fury	Violent anger; extreme wrath; rage; -- sometimes applied to inanimate things, as the wind or storms; impetuosity; violence.
Fury	pl. (Greek Myth.) The avenging deities, Tisiphone, Alecto, and Megaera; the Erinyes or Eumenides.
Fury	One of the Parcae, or Fates, esp. Atropos.
Fury	A stormy, turbulent violent woman; a hag; a vixen; a virago; a termagant.
Furze	A thorny evergreen shrub (Ulex Europaeus), with beautiful yellow flowers, very common upon the plains and hills of Great Britain; -- called also gorse, and whin. The dwarf furze is Ulex nanus.
Furzechat	The whinchat; -- called also furzechuck.
Furzeling	An English warbler (Melizophilus provincialis); -- called also furze wren, and Dartford warbler.
Furzen	Furzy; gorsy.
Furzy	bounding in, or overgrown with, furze; characterized by furze.
Fusain	Fine charcoal of willow wood, used as a drawing implement.
Fusain	A drawing made with it. See Charcoal, n. 2, and Charcoal drawing, under Charcoal.
Fusarole	A molding generally placed under the echinus or quarter round of capitals in the Doric, Ionic, and Corinthian orders of architecture.
Fuscation	A darkening; obscurity; obfuscation.
Fuscin	A brown, nitrogenous pigment contained in the retinal epithelium; a variety of melanin.
Fuscine	A dark-colored substance obtained from empyreumatic animal oil.
Fuscous	Brown or grayish black; darkish.
Fused	of Fuse
Fusing	of Fuse
Fuse	To liquefy by heat; to render fiuid; to dissolve; to melt.
Fuse	To unite or blend, as if melted together.
Fuse	To be reduced from a solid to a Quid state by heat; to be melted; to melt.
Fuse	To be blended, as if melted together.
Fuse	A tube or casing filled with combustible matter, by means of which a charge of powder is ignited, as in blasting; -- called also fuzee. See Fuze.
Fusee	A flintlock gun. See 2d Fusil.
Fusee	A fuse. See Fuse, n.
Fusee	A kind of match for lighting a pipe or cigar.
Fusee	A small packet of explosive material with wire appendages allowing it to be conveniently attached to a railroad track.  It will explode with a loud report when run over by a train, and is used to provide a warning signal to the engineer.
Fusee	The track of a buck.
Fusee	The cone or conical wheel of a watch or clock, designed to equalize the power of the mainspring by having the chain from the barrel which contains the spring wind in a spiral groove on the surface of the cone in such a manner that the diameter of the cone at the point where the chain acts may correspond with the degree of tension of the spring.
Fusee	A similar wheel used in other machinery.
Fusel	Alt. of Fusel oil
Fusel oil	A hot, acrid, oily liquid, accompanying many alcoholic liquors (as potato whisky, corn whisky, etc.), as an undesirable ingredient, and consisting of several of the higher alcohols and compound ethers, but particularly of amyl alcohol; hence, specifically applied to amyl alcohol.
Fusibility	The quality of being fusible.
Fusible	CapabIe of being melted or liquefied.
Fusiform	Shaped like a spindle; tapering at each end; as, a fusiform root; a fusiform cell.
Fusil	Capable of being melted or rendered fluid by heat; fusible.
Fusil	Running or flowing, as a liquid.
Fusil	Formed by melting and pouring into a mold; cast; founded.
Fusil	A light kind of flintlock musket, formerly in use.
Fusil	A bearing of a rhomboidal figure; -- named from its shape, which resembles that of a spindle.
Fusile	Same as Fusil, a.
Fusileer	Alt. of Fusilier
Fusilier	Formerly, a soldier armed with a fusil. Hence, in the plural:
Fusilier	A title now borne by some regiments and companies; as, "The Royal Fusiliers," etc.
Fusillade	A simultaneous discharge of firearms.
Fusillader	of Fusillade
Fusillading	of Fusillade
Fusillade	To shoot down of shoot at by a simultaneous discharge of firearms.
Fusion	The act or operation of melting or rendering fluid by heat; the act of melting together; as, the fusion of metals.
Fusion	The state of being melted or dissolved by heat; a state of fluidity or flowing in consequence of heat; as, metals in fusion.
Fusion	The union or blending together of things, as, melted together.
Fusion	The union, or binding together, of adjacent parts or tissues.
Fusome	Handy; reat; handsome; notable.
Fuss	A tumult; a bustle; unnecessary or annoying ado about trifles.
Fuss	One who is unduly anxious about trifles.
Fussed	of Fuss
Fussing	of Fuss
Fuss	To be overbusy or unduly anxious about trifles; to make a bustle or ado.
Fussily	In a fussy manner.
Fussiness	The quality of being fussy.
Fussy	Making a fuss; disposed to make an unnecessary ado about trifles; overnice; fidgety.
Fast	The shaft of a column, or trunk of pilaster.
Fust	A strong, musty smell; mustiness.
Fust	To become moldy; to smell ill.
Fusted	Moldy; ill-smelling.
Fusteric	The coloring matter of fustet.
Fustet	The wood of the Rhus Cptinus or Venice sumach, a shrub of Southern Europe, which yields a fine orange color, which, however, is not durable without a mordant.
Fustian	A kind of coarse twilled cotton or cotton and linen stuff, including corduroy, velveteen, etc.
Fustian	An inflated style of writing; a kind of writing in which high-sounding words are used,' above the dignity of the thoughts or subject; bombast.
Fustian	Made of fustian.
Fustian	Pompous; ridiculously tumid; inflated; bombastic; as, fustian history.
Fustianist	A writer of fustian.
Fustic	The wood of the Maclura tinctoria, a tree growing in the West Indies, used in dyeing yellow; -- called also old fustic.
Fustigate	To cudgel.
Fustigation	A punishment by beating with a stick or club; cudgeling.
Fastilarian	A low fellow; a stinkard; a scoundrel.
Fustilug	Alt. of Fustilugs
Fustilugs	A gross, fat, unwieldy person.
Fusiness	A fusty state or quality; moldiness; mustiness; an ill smell from moldiness.
Fusty	Moldy; musty; ill-smelling; rank.
Fusty	Moping.
Fussure	Act of fusing; fusion.
Futchel	The jaws between which the hinder end of a carriage tongue is inserted.
Futile	Talkative; loquacious; tattling.
Futile	Of no importance; answering no useful end; useless; vain; worthless.
Futilely	In a futile manner.
Futility	The quality of being talkative; talkativeness; loquaciousness; loquacity.
Futility	The quality of producing no valuable effect, or of coming to nothing; uselessness.
Futilous	Futile; trifling.
Futtock	One of the crooked timbers which are scarfed together to form the lower part of the compound rib of a vessel; one of the crooked transverse timbers passing across and over the keel.
Futurable	Capable of being future; possible to occur.
Future	That is to be or come hereafter; that will exist at any time after the present; as, the next moment is future, to the present.
Future	Time to come; time subsequent to the present (as, the future shall be as the present); collectively, events that are to happen in time to come.
Future	The possibilities of the future; -- used especially of prospective success or advancement; as, he had great future before him.
Future	A future tense.
Futureless	Without prospect of betterment in the future.
Futurely	In time to come.
Futurist	One whose chief interests are in what is to come; one who anxiously, eagerly, or confidently looks forward to the future; an expectant.
Futurist	One who believes or maintains that the fulfillment of the prophecies of the Bible is to be in the future.
Futuritial	Relating to what is to come; pertaining to futurity; future.
Futurition	The state of being future; futurity.
Futurities	of Futurity
Futurity	State of being that is yet to come; future state.
Futurity	Future time; time to come; the future.
Futurity	Event to come; a future event.
Fuze	A tube, filled with combustible matter, for exploding a shell, etc. See Fuse, n.
Fuzz	To make drunk.
Fuzz	Fine, light particles or fibers; loose, volatile matter.
Fuzz	To fly off in minute particles.
Fuzzle	To make drunk; to intoxicate; to fuddle.
Fuzzy	Not firmly woven; that ravels.
Fuzzy	Furnished with fuzz; having fuzz; like fuzz; as, the fuzzy skin of a peach.
-fy	A suffix signifying to make, to form into, etc.; as, acetify, amplify, dandify, Frenchify, etc.
Fy	A word which expresses blame, dislike, disapprobation, abhorrence, or contempt. See Fie.
Fyke	A long bag net distended by hoops, into which fish can pass easily, without being able to return; -- called also fyke net.
Fyllot	A rebated cross, formerly used as a secret emblem, and a common ornament. It is also called gammadion, and swastika.
Fyrd	Alt. of Fyrdung
Fyrdung	The military force of the whole nation, consisting of all men able to bear arms.
Fytte	See Fit a song.
