H	the eighth letter of the English alphabet, is classed among the consonants, and is formed with the mouth organs in the same position as that of the succeeding vowel. It is used with certain consonants to form digraphs representing sounds which are not found in the alphabet, as sh, th, /, as in shall, thing, /ine (for zh see /274); also, to modify the sounds of some other letters, as when placed after c and p, with the former of which it represents a compound sound like that of tsh, as in charm (written also tch as in catch), with the latter, the sound of f, as in phase, phantom. In some words, mostly derived or introduced from foreign languages, h following c and g indicates that those consonants have the hard sound before e, i, and y, as in chemistry, chiromancy, chyle, Ghent, Ghibelline, etc.; in some others, ch has the sound of sh, as in chicane. See Guide to Pronunciation, // 153, 179, 181-3, 237-8.
H	The seventh degree in the diatonic scale, being used by the Germans for B natural. See B.
Ha	An exclamation denoting surprise, joy, or grief. Both as uttered and as written, it expresses a great variety of emotions, determined by the tone or the context. When repeated, ha, ha, it is an expression of laughter, satisfaction, or triumph, sometimes of derisive laughter; or sometimes it is equivalent to  "Well, it is so."
Haaf	The deepsea fishing for cod, ling, and tusk, off the Shetland Isles.
Haak	A sea fish. See Hake.
Haar	A fog; esp., a fog or mist with a chill wind.
Habeas corpus	A writ having for its object to bring a party before a court or judge; especially, one to inquire into the cause of a person's imprisonment or detention by another, with the view to protect the right to personal liberty; also, one to bring a prisoner into court to testify in a pending trial.
Habendum	That part of a deed which follows the part called the premises, and determines the extent of the interest or estate granted; -- so called because it begins with the word Habendum.
Haberdash	To deal in small wares.
Haberdasher	A dealer in small wares, as tapes, pins, needles, and thread; also, a hatter.
Haberdasher	A dealer in drapery goods of various descriptions, as laces, silks, trimmings, etc.
Haberdashery	The goods and wares sold by a haberdasher; also (Fig.), trifles.
Haberdine	A cod salted and dried.
Habergeon	Properly, a short hauberk, but often used loosely for the hauberk.
Habilatory	Of or pertaining to clothing; wearing clothes.
Habile	Fit; qualified; also, apt.
Habiliment	A garment; an article of clothing.
Habiliment	Dress, in general.
Habilimented	Clothed. Taylor (1630).
Habilitate	Qualified or entitled.
Habilitate	To fit out; to equip; to qualify; to entitle.
Habilitation	Equipment; qualification.
Hability	Ability; aptitude.
Habit	The usual condition or state of a person or thing, either natural or acquired, regarded as something had, possessed, and firmly retained; as, a religious habit; his habit is morose; elms have a spreading habit; esp., physical temperament or constitution; as, a full habit of body.
Habit	The general appearance and manner of life of a living organism.
Habit	Fixed or established custom; ordinary course of conduct; practice; usage; hence, prominently, the involuntary tendency or aptitude to perform certain actions which is acquired by their frequent repetition; as, habit is second nature; also, peculiar ways of acting; characteristic forms of behavior.
Habit	Outward appearance; attire; dress; hence, a garment; esp., a closely fitting garment or dress worn by ladies; as, a riding habit.
Habited	of Habit
Habiting	of Habit
Habit	To inhabit.
Habit	To dress; to clothe; to array.
Habit	To accustom; to habituate. [Obs.] Chapman.
Habitability	Habitableness.
Habitable	Capable of being inhabited; that may be inhabited or dwelt in; as, the habitable world.
Habitakle	A dwelling place.
Habitan	Same as Habitant, 2.
Habitance	Dwelling; abode; residence.
Habiitancy	Same as Inhabitancy.
Habitant	An inhabitant; a dweller.
Habitant	An inhabitant or resident; -- a name applied to and denoting farmers of French descent or origin in Canada, especially in the Province of Quebec; -- usually in plural.
Habitat	The natural abode, locality or region of an animal or plant.
Habitat	Place where anything is commonly found.
Habitation	The act of inhabiting; state of inhabiting or dwelling, or of being inhabited; occupancy.
Habitation	Place of abode; settled dwelling; residence; house.
Habitator	A dweller; an inhabitant.
Habited	Clothed; arrayed; dressed; as, he was habited like a shepherd.
Habited	Fixed by habit; accustomed.
Habited	Inhabited.
Habitual	Formed or acquired by habit or use.
Habitual	According to habit; established by habit; customary; constant; as, the habiual practice of sin.
Habituated	of Habituate
Habituating	of Habituate
Habituate	To make accustomed; to accustom; to familiarize.
Habituate	To settle as an inhabitant.
Habituate	Firmly established by custom; formed by habit; habitual.
Habituation	The act of habituating, or accustoming; the state of being habituated.
Habitude	Habitual attitude; usual or accustomed state with reference to something else; established or usual relations.
Habitude	Habitual association, intercourse, or familiarity.
Habitude	Habit of body or of action.
Habitue	One who habitually frequents a place; as, an habitue of a theater.
Habiture	Habitude.
Habitus	Habitude; mode of life; general appearance.
Hable	See Habile.
Habnab	By chance.
Hachure	A short line used in drawing and engraving, especially in shading and denoting different surfaces, as in map drawing. See Hatching.
Hacienda	A large estate where work of any kind is done, as agriculture, manufacturing, mining, or raising of animals; a cultivated farm, with a good house, in distinction from a farming establishment with rude huts for herdsmen, etc.; -- a word used in Spanish-American regions.
Hack	A frame or grating of various kinds; as, a frame for drying bricks, fish, or cheese; a rack for feeding cattle; a grating in a mill race, etc.
Hack	Unburned brick or tile, stacked up for drying.
Hacked	of Hack
Hacking	of Hack
Hack	To cut irregulary, without skill or definite purpose; to notch; to mangle by repeated strokes of a cutting instrument; as, to hack a post.
Hack	Fig.: To mangle in speaking.
Hack	To cough faintly and frequently, or in a short, broken manner; as, a hacking cough.
Hack	A notch; a cut.
Hack	An implement for cutting a notch; a large pick used in breaking stone.
Hack	A hacking; a catch in speaking; a short, broken cough.
Hack	A kick on the shins.
Hack	A horse, hackneyed or let out for common hire; also, a horse used in all kinds of work, or a saddle horse, as distinguished from hunting and carriage horses.
Hack	A coach or carriage let for hire; particularly, a a coach with two seats inside facing each other; a hackney coach.
Hack	A bookmaker who hires himself out for any sort of literary work; an overworked man; a drudge.
Hack	A procuress.
Hack	Hackneyed; hired; mercenary.
Hack	To use as a hack; to let out for hire.
Hack	To use frequently and indiscriminately, so as to render trite and commonplace.
Hack	To be exposed or offered or to common use for hire; to turn prostitute.
Hack	To live the life of a drudge or hack.
Hackamore	A halter consisting of a long leather or rope strap and headstall, -- used for leading or tieing a pack animal.
Hackberry	A genus of trees (Celtis) related to the elm, but bearing drupes with scanty, but often edible, pulp. C. occidentalis is common in the Eastern United States.
Hackbolt	The greater shearwater or hagdon. See Hagdon.
Hackbuss	Same as Hagbut.
Hackee	The chipmunk; also, the chickaree or red squirrel.
Hacker	One who, or that which, hacks. Specifically: A cutting instrument for making notches; esp., one used for notching pine trees in collecting turpentine; a hack.
Hackery	A cart with wooden wheels, drawn by bullocks.
Hackle	A comb for dressing flax, raw silk, etc.; a hatchel.
Hackle	Any flimsy substance unspun, as raw silk.
Hackle	One of the peculiar, long, narrow feathers on the neck of fowls, most noticeable on the cock, -- often used in making artificial flies; hence, any feather so used.
Hackle	An artificial fly for angling, made of feathers.
Hackled	of Hackle
Hackling	of Hackle
Hackle	To separate, as the coarse part of flax or hemp from the fine, by drawing it through the teeth of a hackle or hatchel.
Hackle	To tear asunder; to break in pieces.
Hackly	Rough or broken, as if hacked.
Hackly	Having fine, short, and sharp points on the surface; as, the hackly fracture of metallic iron.
Hackmen	of Hackman
Hackman	The driver of a hack or carriage for public hire.
Hackmatack	The American larch (Larix Americana), a coniferous tree with slender deciduous leaves; also, its heavy, close-grained timber. Called also tamarack.
Hackneys	of Hackney
Hackney	A horse for riding or driving; a nag; a pony.
Hackney	A horse or pony kept for hire.
Hackney	A carriage kept for hire; a hack; a hackney coach.
Hackney	A hired drudge; a hireling; a prostitute.
Hackney	Let out for hire; devoted to common use; hence, much used; trite; mean; as, hackney coaches; hackney authors.
Hackneyed	of Hackney
Hackneying	of Hackney
Hackney	To devote to common or frequent use, as a horse or carriage; to wear out in common service; to make trite or commonplace; as, a hackneyed metaphor or quotation.
Hackney	To carry in a hackney coach.
Hackneymen	of Hackneyman
Hackneyman	A man who lets horses and carriages for hire.
Hackster	A bully; a bravo; a ruffian; an assassin.
Hacqueton	Same as Acton.
Had	See Have.
Hadder	Heather; heath.
Haddie	The haddock.
Haddock	A marine food fish (Melanogrammus aeglefinus), allied to the cod, inhabiting the northern coasts of Europe and America. It has a dark lateral line and a black spot on each side of the body, just back of the gills. Galled also haddie, and dickie.
Hade	The descent of a hill.
Hade	The inclination or deviation from the vertical of any mineral vein.
Hade	To deviate from the vertical; -- said of a vein, fault, or lode.
Hades	The nether world (according to classical mythology, the abode of the shades, ruled over by Hades or Pluto); the invisible world; the grave.
Hadj	The pilgrimage to Mecca, performed by Mohammedans.
Hadji	A Mohammedan pilgrim to Mecca; -- used among Orientals as a respectful salutation or a title of honor.
Hadji	A Greek or Armenian who has visited the holy sepulcher at Jerusalem.
Hadrosaurus	An American herbivorous dinosaur of great size, allied to the iguanodon. It is found in the Cretaceous formation.
Haecceity	Literally, this-ness. A scholastic term to express individuality or singleness; as, this book.
Haema-	Alt. of Haemo-
Haemato-	Alt. of Haemo-
Haemo-	Combining forms indicating relation or resemblance to blood, association with blood; as, haemapod, haematogenesis, haemoscope.
Haemachrome	Hematin.
Haemacyanin	A substance found in the blood of the octopus, which gives to it its blue color.
Haemacytometer	An apparatus for determining the number of corpuscles in a given quantity of blood.
Haemad	Toward the haemal side; on the haemal side of; -- opposed to neurad.
Haemadrometer	Alt. of Haemadremometer
Haemadremometer	Same as Hemadrometer.
Haemadrometry	Alt. of Haemadromometry
Haemadromometry	Same as Hemadrometry.
Haemadromograph	An instrument for registering the velocity of the blood.
Haemadynameter	Alt. of Haemadynamometer
Haemadynamometer	Same as Hemadynamometer.
Haemadynamics	Same as Hemadynamics.
Haemal	Pertaining to the blood or blood vessels; also, ventral. See Hemal.
Haemaphaein	A brownish substance sometimes found in the blood, in cases of jaundice.
Haemapod	An haemapodous animal.
Haemapodous	Having the limbs on, or directed toward, the ventral or hemal side, as in vertebrates; -- opposed to neuropodous.
Haemapoietic	Bloodforming; as, the haemapoietic function of the spleen.
Haemapophysis	Same as Hemapophysis.
Haemastatics	Same as Hemastatics.
Haematachometer	A form of apparatus (somewhat different from the hemadrometer) for measuring the velocity of the blood.
Haematachometry	The measurement of the velocity of the blood.
Haematemesis	Same as Hematemesis.
Haematic	Of or pertaining to the blood; sanguine; brownish red.
Haematin	Same as Hematin.
Haematinometer	Same as Hematinometer.
Haematinometric	Same as Hematinometric.
Haematite	Same as Hematite.
Haematitic	Of a blood-red color; crimson; (Bot.) brownish red.
Haemato-	See Haema-.
Haematoblast	One of the very minute, disk-shaped bodies found in blood with the ordinary red corpuscles and white corpuscles; a third kind of blood corpuscle, supposed by some to be an early stage in the development of the red corpuscles; -- called also blood plaque, and blood plate.
Haematocrya	The cold-blooded vertebrates. Same as Hematocrya.
Haematocryal	Cold-blooded.
Haematocrystallin	Same as Hematocrystallin.
Haematodynamometer	Same as Hemadynamometer.
Haematogenesis	The origin and development of blood.
Haematogenesis	The transformation of venous arterial blood by respiration; hematosis.
Haematogenic	Relating to haematogenesis.
Haematogenous	Originating in the blood.
Haematoglobulin	Same as Hematoglobin.
Haematoid	Same as Hematoid.
Haematoidin	Same as Hematoidin.
Haematoin	A substance formed from the hematin of blood, by removal of the iron through the action of concentrated sulphuric acid. Two like bodies, called respectively haematoporphyrin and haematolin, are formed in a similar manner.
Haematolin	See Haematoin.
Haematology	The science which treats of the blood. Same as Hematology.
Haematometer	Same as Hemadynamometer.
Haematometer	An instrument for determining the number of blood corpuscles in a given quantity of blood.
Haematophlina	A division of Cheiroptera, including the bloodsucking bats. See Vampire.
Haematoplast	Same as Haematoblast.
Haematoplastic	Blood formative; -- applied to a substance in early fetal life, which breaks up gradually into blood vessels.
Haematoporphyrin	See Haematoin.
Haematosac	A vascular sac connected, beneath the brain, in many fishes, with the infundibulum.
Haematoscope	A haemoscope.
Haematosin	Hematin.
Haematosis	Same as Hematosis.
Haematotherma	Same as Hematotherma.
Haematothermal	Warm-blooded; homoiothermal.
Haematothorax	Same as Hemothorax.
Haematexylin	The coloring principle of logwood. It is obtained as a yellow crystalline substance, C16H14O6, with a sweetish taste. Formerly called also hematin.
Haematoxylon	A genus of leguminous plants containing but a single species, the H. Campechianum or logwood tree, native in Yucatan.
Haematozoa	of Haematozoon
Haematozoon	A parasite inhabiting the blood
Haematozoon	Certain species of nematodes of the genus Filaria, sometimes found in the blood of man, the horse, the dog, etc.
Haematozoon	The trematode, Bilharzia haematobia, which infests the inhabitants of Egypt and other parts of Africa, often causing death.
Haemic	Pertaining to the blood; hemal.
Haemin	Same as Hemin.
Haemo-	See Haema-.
Haemochrome	Same as Haemachrome.
Haemochromogen	A body obtained from hemoglobin, by the action of reducing agents in the absence of oxygen.
Haemochromometer	An apparatus for measuring the amount of hemoglobin in a fluid, by comparing it with a solution of known strength and of normal color.
Haemocyanin	Same as Haemacyanin.
Haemocytolysis	See Haemocytotrypsis.
Haemocytometer	See Haemacytometer.
Haemocytotrypsis	A breaking up of the blood corpuscles, as by pressure, in distinction from solution of the corpuscles, or haemcytolysis.
Haemodromograph	Same as Haemadromograph.
Haemodynameter	Same as Hemadynamics.
Haemoglobin	Same as Hemoglobin.
Haemoglobinometer	Same as Hemochromometer.
Haemolutein	See Hematoidin.
Haemomanometer	Same as Hemadynamometer.
Haemometer	Same as Hemadynamometer.
Haemony	A plant described by Milton as "of sovereign use against all enchantments."
Haemoplastic	Same as Haematoplastic.
Haemorrhoidal	Same as Hemorrhoidal.
Haemoscope	An instrument devised by Hermann, for regulating and measuring the thickness of a layer of blood for spectroscopic examination.
Haemostatic	Same as Hemostatic.
Haemotachometer	Same as Haematachometer.
Haemotachometry	Same as Haematachometry.
Haf	Hove.
Haffle	To stammer; to speak unintelligibly; to prevaricate.
Haft	A handle; that part of an instrument or vessel taken into the hand, and by which it is held and used; -- said chiefly of a knife, sword, or dagger; the hilt.
Haft	A dwelling.
Haft	To set in, or furnish with, a haft; as, to haft a dagger.
Hafter	A caviler; a wrangler.
Hag	A witch, sorceress, or enchantress; also, a wizard.
Hag	An ugly old woman.
Hag	A fury; a she-monster.
Hag	An eel-like marine marsipobranch (Myxine glutinosa), allied to the lamprey. It has a suctorial mouth, with labial appendages, and a single pair of gill openings. It is the type of the order Hyperotpeta. Called also hagfish, borer, slime eel, sucker, and sleepmarken.
Hag	The hagdon or shearwater.
Hag	An appearance of light and fire on a horse's mane or a man's hair.
Hagged	of Hag
Hagging	of Hag
Hag	To harass; to weary with vexation.
Hag	A small wood, or part of a wood or copse, which is marked off or inclosed for felling, or which has been felled.
Hag	A quagmire; mossy ground where peat or turf has been cut.
Hagberry	A plant of the genus Prunus (P. Padus); the bird cherry.
Hagborn	Born of a hag or witch.
Hagbut	A harquebus, of which the but was bent down or hooked for convenience in taking aim.
Hagbutter	A soldier armed with a hagbut or arquebus.
Hagdon	One of several species of sea birds of the genus Puffinus; esp., P. major, the greater shearwarter, and P. Stricklandi, the black hagdon or sooty shearwater; -- called also hagdown, haglin, and hag. See Shearwater.
Haggadoth	of Haggada
Haggada	A story, anecdote, or legend in the Talmud, to explain or illustrate the text of the Old Testament.
Haggard	Wild or intractable; disposed to break away from duty; untamed; as, a haggard or refractory hawk.
Haggard	Having the expression of one wasted by want or suffering; hollow-eyed; having the features distorted or wasted, or anxious in appearance; as, haggard features, eyes.
Haggard	A young or untrained hawk or falcon.
Haggard	A fierce, intractable creature.
Haggard	A hag.
Haggard	A stackyard.
Haggardly	In a haggard manner.
Hagged	Like a hag; lean; ugly.
Haggis	A Scotch pudding made of the heart, liver, lights, etc., of a sheep or lamb, minced with suet, onions, oatmeal, etc., highly seasoned, and boiled in the stomach of the same animal; minced head and pluck.
Haggish	Like a hag; ugly; wrinkled.
Haggishly	In the manner of a hag.
Haggled	of Haggle
Haggling	of Haggle
Haggle	To cut roughly or hack; to cut into small pieces; to notch or cut in an unskillful manner; to make rough or mangle by cutting; as, a boy haggles a stick of wood.
Haggle	To be difficult in bargaining; to stick at small matters; to chaffer; to higgle.
Haggle	The act or process of haggling.
Haggler	One who haggles or is difficult in bargaining.
Haggler	One who forestalls a market; a middleman between producer and dealer in London vegetable markets.
Hagiarchy	A sacred government; by holy orders of men.
Hagiocracy	Government by a priesthood; hierarchy.
Hagiographa	The last of the three Jewish divisions of the Old Testament, or that portion not contained in the Law and the Prophets. It comprises Psalms, Proverbs, Job, Canticles, Ruth, Lamentations, Ecclesiastes, Esther, Daniel, Ezra, Nehemiah, and Chronicles.
Hagiographa	The lives of the saints.
Hagiographal	Pertaining to the hagiographa, or to sacred writings.
Hagiographer	One of the writers of the hagiographa; a writer of lives of the saints.
Hagiography	Same Hagiographa.
Hagiolatry	The invocation or worship of saints.
Hagiologist	One who treats of the sacred writings; a writer of the lives of the saints; a hagiographer.
Hagiology	The history or description of the sacred writings or of sacred persons; a narrative of the lives of the saints; a catalogue of saints.
Hagioscope	An opening made in the interior walls of a cruciform church to afford a view of the altar to those in the transepts; -- called, in architecture, a squint.
Hag-ridden	Ridden by a hag or witch; hence, afflicted with nightmare.
Hagseed	The offspring of a hag.
Hagship	The state or title of a hag.
Hag-taper	The great woolly mullein (Verbascum Thapsus).
Haguebut	See Hagbut.
Hah	Same as Ha.
Ha-ha	A sunk fence; a fence, wall, or ditch, not visible till one is close upon it.
Haidingerite	A mineral consisting of the arseniate of lime; -- so named in honor of W. Haidinger, of Vienna.
Haiduck	Formerly, a mercenary foot soldier in Hungary, now, a halberdier of a Hungarian noble, or an attendant in German or Hungarian courts.
Haik	A large piece of woolen or cotton cloth worn by Arabs as an outer garment.
Haikal	The central chapel of the three forming the sanctuary of a Coptic church. It contains the high altar, and is usually closed by an embroidered curtain.
Hail	Small roundish masses of ice precipitated from the clouds, where they are formed by the congelation of vapor. The separate masses or grains are called hailstones.
Halled	of Hail
Halting	of Hail
Hail	To pour down particles of ice, or frozen vapors.
Hail	To pour forcibly down, as hail.
Hail	Healthy. See Hale (the preferable spelling).
Hail	To call loudly to, or after; to accost; to salute; to address.
Hail	To name; to designate; to call.
Hail	To declare, by hailing, the port from which a vessel sails or where she is registered; hence, to sail; to come; -- used with from; as, the steamer hails from New York.
Hail	To report as one's home or the place from whence one comes; to come; -- with from.
Hail	An exclamation of respectful or reverent salutation, or, occasionally, of familiar greeting.
Hail	A wish of health; a salutation; a loud call.
Hail-fellow	An intimate companion.
Hailse	To greet; to salute.
Hailshot	Small shot which scatter like hailstones.
Hailstone	A single particle of ice falling from a cloud; a frozen raindrop; a pellet of hail.
Hailstorm	A storm accompanied with hail; a shower of hail.
Haily	Of hail.
Han	To inclose for mowing; to set aside for grass.
Hain't	A contraction of have not or has not; as, I hain't, he hain't, we hain't.
Hair	The collection or mass of filaments growing from the skin of an animal, and forming a covering for a part of the head or for any part or the whole of the body.
Hair	One the above-mentioned filaments, consisting, in invertebrate animals, of a long, tubular part which is free and flexible, and a bulbous root imbedded in the skin.
Hair	Hair (human or animal) used for various purposes; as, hair for stuffing cushions.
Hair	A slender outgrowth from the chitinous cuticle of insects, spiders, crustaceans, and other invertebrates. Such hairs are totally unlike those of vertebrates in structure, composition, and mode of growth.
Hair	An outgrowth of the epidermis, consisting of one or of several cells, whether pointed, hooked, knobbed, or stellated. Internal hairs occur in the flower stalk of the yellow frog lily (Nuphar).
Hair	A spring device used in a hair-trigger firearm.
Hair	A haircloth.
Hair	Any very small distance, or degree; a hairbreadth.
Hairbell	See Harebell.
Hairbird	The chipping sparrow.
Hairbrained	See Harebrained.
Hairbreadth	Alt. of Hair'sbreadth
Hair'sbreadth	The diameter or breadth of a hair; a very small distance; sometimes, definitely, the forty-eighth part of an inch.
Hairbreadth	Having the breadth of a hair; very narrow; as, a hairbreadth escape.
Hair-brown	Of a clear tint of brown, resembling brown human hair. It is composed of equal proportions of red and green.
Hairbrush	A brush for cleansing and smoothing the hair.
Haircloth	Stuff or cloth made wholly or in part of hair.
Hairdresser	One who dresses or cuts hair; a barber.
Haired	Having hair.
Haired	In composition: Having (such) hair; as, red-haired.
Hairen	Hairy.
Hair grass	A grass with very slender leaves or branches; as the Agrostis scabra, and several species of Aira or Deschampsia.
Hairiness	The state of abounding, or being covered, with hair.
Hairless	Destitute of hair.
Hairpin	A pin, usually forked, or of bent wire, for fastening the hair in place, -- used by women.
Hair-salt	A variety of native Epsom salt occurring in silky fibers.
Hairsplitter	One who makes excessively nice or needless distinctions in reasoning; one who quibbles.
Hairsplitting	Making excessively nice or trivial distinctions in reasoning; subtle.
Hairsplitting	The act or practice of making trivial distinctions.
Hairspring	The slender recoil spring which regulates the motion of the balance in a timepiece.
Hairstreak	A butterfly of the genus Thecla; as, the green hairstreak (T. rubi).
Hairtail	Any species of marine fishes of the genus Trichiurus; esp., T. lepterus of Europe and America. They are long and like a band, with a slender, pointed tail. Called also bladefish.
Hairworm	A nematoid worm of the genus Gordius, resembling a hair. See Gordius.
Hairy	Bearing or covered with hair; made of or resembling hair; rough with hair; rough with hair; rough with hair; hirsute.
Haitian	See Haytian.
Haye	The Egyptian asp or cobra (Naja haje.) It is related to the cobra of India, and like the latter has the power of inflating its neck into a hood. Its bite is very venomous. It is supposed to be the snake by means of whose bite Cleopatra committed suicide, and hence is sometimes called Cleopatra's snake or asp. See Asp.
Hake	A drying shed, as for unburned tile.
Hake	One of several species of marine gadoid fishes, of the genera Phycis, Merlucius, and allies. The common European hake is M. vulgaris; the American silver hake or whiting is M. bilinearis. Two American species (Phycis chuss and P. tenius) are important food fishes, and are also valued for their oil and sounds. Called also squirrel hake, and codling.
Hake	To loiter; to sneak.
Hake's-dame	See Forkbeard.
Haketon	Same as Acton.
Hakim	A wise man; a physician, esp. a Mohammedan.
Hakim	A Mohammedan title for a ruler; a judge.
Halachoth	of Halacha
Halacha	The general term for the Hebrew oral or traditional law; one of two branches of exposition in the Midrash. See Midrash.
Halation	An appearance as of a halo of light, surrounding the edges of dark objects in a photographic picture.
Halberd	An ancient long-handled weapon, of which the head had a point and several long, sharp edges, curved or straight, and sometimes additional points. The heads were sometimes of very elaborate form.
Halberdier	One who is armed with a halberd.
Halberd-shaped	Hastate.
Halcyon	A kingfisher. By modern ornithologists restricted to a genus including a limited number of species having omnivorous habits, as the sacred kingfisher (Halcyon sancta) of Australia.
Halcyon	Pertaining to, or resembling, the halcyon, which was anciently said to lay her eggs in nests on or near the sea during the calm weather about the winter solstice.
Halcyon	Hence: Calm; quiet; peaceful; undisturbed; happy.
Halcyonian	Halcyon; calm.
Halcyonold	See Alcyonoid.
Hale	Sound; entire; healthy; robust; not impaired; as, a hale body.
Hale	Welfare.
Haled	of Hale
Haling	of Hale
Hale	To pull; to drag; to haul.
Halesia	A genus of American shrubs containing several species, called snowdrop trees, or silver-bell trees. They have showy, white flowers, drooping on slender pedicels.
Half	Consisting of a moiety, or half; as, a half bushel; a half hour; a half dollar; a half view.
Half	Consisting of some indefinite portion resembling a half; approximately a half, whether more or less; partial; imperfect; as, a half dream; half knowledge.
Half	In an equal part or degree; in some pa/ appro/mating a half; partially; imperfectly; as, half-colored, half done, half-hearted, half persuaded, half conscious.
Halves	of Half
Half	Part; side; behalf.
Half	One of two equal parts into which anything may be divided, or considered as divided; -- sometimes followed by of; as, a half of an apple.
Half	To halve. [Obs.] See Halve.
Half-and-half	A mixture of two malt liquors, esp. porter and ale, in about equal parts.
Halfbeak	Any slender, marine fish of the genus Hemirhamphus, having the upper jaw much shorter than the lower; -- called also balahoo.
Half blood	The relation between persons born of the same father or of the same mother, but not of both; as, a brother or sister of the half blood. See Blood, n., 2 and 4.
Half blood	A person so related to another.
Half blood	A person whose father and mother are of different races; a half-breed.
Half-blooded	Proceeding from a male and female of different breeds or races; having only one parent of good stock; as, a half-blooded sheep.
Half-blooded	Degenerate; mean.
Half-boot	A boot with a short top covering only the ankle. See Cocker, and Congress boot, under Congress.
Half-bound	Having only the back and corners in leather, as a book.
Half-bred	Half-blooded.
Half-bred	Imperfectly acquainted with the rules of good-breeding; not well trained.
Half-breed	Half-blooded.
Half-breed	A person who is blooded; the offspring of parents of different races, especially of the American Indian and the white race.
Half-brother	A brother by one parent, but not by both.
Half-caste	One born of a European parent on the one side, and of a Hindoo or Mohammedan on the other. Also adjective; as, half-caste parents.
Half-clammed	Half-filled.
Halfcocked	of Halfcock
Halfcocking	of Halfcock
Halfcock	To set the cock of (a firearm) at the first notch.
Half-cracked	Half-demented; half-witted.
Half-deck	A shell of the genus Crepidula; a boat shell. See Boat shell.
Half-deck	See Half deck, under Deck.
Half-decked	Partially decked.
Halfen	Wanting half its due qualities.
Halfendeal	Half; by the part.
Halfendeal	A half part.
Halfer	One who possesses or gives half only; one who shares.
Halfer	A male fallow deer gelded.
Half-faced	Showing only part of the face; wretched looking; meager.
Half-fish	A salmon in its fifth year of growth.
Half-hatched	Imperfectly hatched; as, half-hatched eggs.
Half-heard	Imperfectly or partly heard to the end.
Half-hearted	Wanting in heart or spirit; ungenerous; unkind.
Half-hearted	Lacking zeal or courage; lukewarm.
Half-hourly	Done or happening at intervals of half an hour.
Half-learned	Imperfectly learned.
Half-length	Of half the whole or ordinary length, as a picture.
Half-mast	A point some distance below the top of a mast or staff; as, a flag a half-mast (a token of mourning, etc.).
Half-moon	The moon at the quarters, when half its disk appears illuminated.
Half-moon	The shape of a half-moon; a crescent.
Half-moon	An outwork composed of two faces, forming a salient angle whose gorge resembles a half-moon; -- now called a ravelin.
Half-moon	A marine, sparoid, food fish of California (Caesiosoma Californiense). The body is ovate, blackish above, blue or gray below. Called also medialuna.
Halfness	The quality of being half; incompleteness.
Halfpace	A platform of a staircase where the stair turns back in exactly the reverse direction of the lower flight. See Quarterpace.
Half-pike	A short pike, sometimes carried by officers of infantry, sometimes used in boarding ships; a spontoon.
Half-port	One half of a shutter made in two parts for closing a porthole.
Half-ray	A straight line considered as drawn from a center to an indefinite distance in one direction, the complete ray being the whole line drawn to an indefinite distance in both directions.
Half-read	Informed by insufficient reading; superficial; shallow.
Half seas over	Half drunk.
Half-sighted	Seeing imperfectly; having weak discernment.
Half-sister	A sister by one parent only.
Half-strained	Half-bred; imperfect.
Half-sword	Half the length of a sword; close fight.
Half-timbered	Constructed of a timber frame, having the spaces filled in with masonry; -- said of buildings.
Half-tounue	A jury, for the trial of a foreigner, composed equally of citizens and aliens.
Halfway	In the middle; at half the distance; imperfectly; partially; as, he halfway yielded.
Halfway	Equally distant from the extremes; situated at an intermediate point; midway.
Half-wit	A foolish; a dolt; a blockhead; a dunce.
Half-witted	Weak in intellect; silly.
Half-yearly	Two in a year; semiannual. -- adv. Twice in a year; semiannually.
Halibut	A large, northern, marine flatfish (Hippoglossus vulgaris), of the family Pleuronectidae. It often grows very large, weighing more than three hundred pounds. It is an important food fish.
Halichondriae	An order of sponges, having simple siliceous spicules and keratose fibers; -- called also Keratosilicoidea.
Halicore	Same as Dugong.
Halidom	Holiness; sanctity; sacred oath; sacred things; sanctuary; -- used chiefly in oaths.
Halidom	Holy doom; the Last Day.
Halieutics	A treatise upon fish or the art of fishing; ichthyology.
Halmas	The feast of All Saints; Hallowmas.
Haliographer	One who writes about or describes the sea.
Haliography	Description of the sea; the science that treats of the sea.
Haliotis	A genus of marine shells; the ear-shells. See Abalone.
Haliotoid	Like or pertaining to the genus Haliotis; ear-shaped.
Halisauria	The Enaliosauria.
Halite	Native salt; sodium chloride.
Halituous	Produced by, or like, breath; vaporous.
Halk	A nook; a corner.
Hall	A building or room of considerable size and stateliness, used for public purposes; as, Westminster Hall, in London.
Hall	The chief room in a castle or manor house, and in early times the only public room, serving as the place of gathering for the lord's family with the retainers and servants, also for cooking and eating. It was often contrasted with the bower, which was the private or sleeping apartment.
Hall	A vestibule, entrance room, etc., in the more elaborated buildings of later times.
Hall	Any corridor or passage in a building.
Hall	A name given to many manor houses because the magistrate's court was held in the hall of his mansion; a chief mansion house.
Hall	A college in an English university (at Oxford, an unendowed college).
Hall	The apartment in which English university students dine in common; hence, the dinner itself; as, hall is at six o'clock.
Hall	Cleared passageway in a crowd; -- formerly an exclamation.
Hallage	A fee or toll paid for goods sold in a hall.
Halleluiah	Alt. of Hallelujah
Hallelujah	Praise ye Jehovah; praise ye the Lord; -- an exclamation used chiefly in songs of praise or thanksgiving to God, and as an expression of gratitude or adoration.
Hallelujatic	Pertaining to, or containing, hallelujahs.
Halliard	See Halyard.
Hallidome	Same as Halidom.
Hallier	A kind of net for catching birds.
Hall-mark	The official stamp of the Goldsmiths' Company and other assay offices, in the United Kingdom, on gold and silver articles, attesting their purity. Also used figuratively; -- as, a word or phrase lacks the hall-mark of the best writers.
Halloa	See Halloo.
Halloo	A loud exclamation; a call to invite attention or to incite a person or an animal; a shout.
Hallooed	of Halloo
Halloing	of Halloo
Halloo	To cry out; to exclaim with a loud voice; to call to a person, as by the word halloo.
Halloo	To encourage with shouts.
Halloo	To chase with shouts or outcries.
Halloo	To call or shout to; to hail.
Halloo	An exclamation to call attention or to encourage one.
Hallowed	of Hallow
Hallowing	of Hallow
Hallow	To make holy; to set apart for holy or religious use; to consecrate; to treat or keep as sacred; to reverence.
Halloween	The evening preceding Allhallows or All Saints' Day.
Hallowmas	The feast of All Saints, or Allhallows.
Halloysite	A claylike mineral, occurring in soft, smooth, amorphous masses, of a whitish color.
Hallucal	Of or pertaining to the hallux.
Hallucinate	To wander; to go astray; to err; to blunder; -- used of mental processes.
Hallucination	The act of hallucinating; a wandering of the mind; error; mistake; a blunder.
Hallucination	The perception of objects which have no reality, or of sensations which have no corresponding external cause, arising from disorder or the nervous system, as in delirium tremens; delusion.
Hallucinator	One whose judgment and acts are affected by hallucinations; one who errs on account of his hallucinations.
Hallucinatory	Partaking of, or tending to produce, hallucination.
Hallux	The first, or preaxial, digit of the hind limb, corresponding to the pollux in the fore limb; the great toe; the hind toe of birds.
Halm	Same as Haulm.
Halma	The long jump, with weights in the hands, -- the most important of the exercises of the Pentathlon.
Halos	of Halo
Halo	A luminous circle, usually prismatically colored, round the sun or moon, and supposed to be caused by the refraction of light through crystals of ice in the atmosphere. Connected with halos there are often white bands, crosses, or arches, resulting from the same atmospheric conditions.
Halo	A circle of light; especially, the bright ring represented in painting as surrounding the heads of saints and other holy persons; a glory; a nimbus.
Halo	An ideal glory investing, or affecting one's perception of, an object.
Halo	A colored circle around a nipple; an areola.
Haloed	of Halo
Haloing	of Halo
Halo	To form, or surround with, a halo; to encircle with, or as with, a halo.
Haloed	Surrounded with a halo; invested with an ideal glory; glorified.
Halogen	An electro-negative element or radical, which, by combination with a metal, forms a haloid salt; especially, chlorine, bromine, and iodine; sometimes, also, fluorine and cyanogen. See Chlorine family, under Chlorine.
Halogenous	Of the nature of a halogen.
Haloid	Resembling salt; -- said of certain binary compounds consisting of a metal united to a negative element or radical, and now chiefly applied to the chlorides, bromides, iodides, and sometimes also to the fluorides and cyanides.
Haloid	A haloid substance.
Halomancy	See Alomancy.
Halometer	An instrument for measuring the forms and angles of salts and crystals; a goniometer.
Halones	Alternating transparent and opaque white rings which are seen outside the blastoderm, on the surface of the developing egg of the hen and other birds.
Halophyte	A plant found growing in salt marshes, or in the sea.
Haloscope	An instrument for exhibition or illustration of the phenomena of halos, parhelia, and the like.
Halotrichite	An iron alum occurring in silky fibrous aggregates of a yellowish white color.
Haloxyline	An explosive mixture, consisting of sawdust, charcoal, niter, and ferrocyanide of potassium, used as a substitute for gunpowder.
Halp	Helped.
Halpace	See Haut pas.
Hals	The neck or throat.
Halse	To embrace about the neck; to salute; to greet.
Halse	To adjure; to beseech; to entreat.
Halsed	of Halse
Halsing	of Halse
Halse	To haul; to hoist.
Halsening	Sounding harshly in the throat; inharmonious; rough.
Halser	See Hawser.
Halt	3d pers. sing. pres. of Hold, contraction for holdeth.
Halt	A stop in marching or walking, or in any action; arrest of progress.
Halted	of Halt
Halting	of Halt
Halt	To hold one's self from proceeding; to hold up; to cease progress; to stop for a longer or shorter period; to come to a stop; to stand still.
Halt	To stand in doubt whether to proceed, or what to do; to hesitate; to be uncertain.
Halt	To cause to cease marching; to stop; as, the general halted his troops for refreshment.
Halt	Halting or stopping in walking; lame.
Halt	The act of limping; lameness.
Halt	To walk lamely; to limp.
Halt	To have an irregular rhythm; to be defective.
Halter	One who halts or limps; a cripple.
Halter	A strong strap or cord.
Halter	A rope or strap, with or without a headstall, for leading or tying a horse.
Halter	A rope for hanging malefactors; a noose.
Haltered	of Halter
Haltering	of Halter
Halter	To tie by the neck with a rope, strap, or halter; to put a halter on; to subject to a hangman's halter.
Halteres	Balancers; the rudimentary hind wings of Diptera.
Halter-sack	A term of reproach, implying that one is fit to be hanged.
Haltingly	In a halting or limping manner.
Halvans	Impure ore; dirty ore.
Halve	A half.
Halved	of Halve
Halving	of Halve
Halve	To divide into two equal parts; as, to halve an apple; to be or form half of.
Halve	To join, as two pieces of timber, by cutting away each for half its thickness at the joining place, and fitting together.
Halved	Appearing as if one side, or one half, were cut away; dimidiate.
Halves	pl. of Half.
Halwe	A saint.
Hal'yard	A rope or tackle for hoisting or lowering yards, sails, flags, etc.
Halysites	A genus of Silurian fossil corals; the chain corals. See Chain coral, under Chain.
Ham	Home.
Ham	The region back of the knee joint; the popliteal space; the hock.
Ham	The thigh of any animal; especially, the thigh of a hog cured by salting and smoking.
Hamadryads	of Hamadryad
Hamadryades	of Hamadryad
Hamadryad	A tree nymph whose life ended with that of the particular tree, usually an oak, which had been her abode.
Hamadryad	A large venomous East Indian snake (Orhiophagus bungarus), allied to the cobras.
Hamadryas	The sacred baboon of Egypt (Cynocephalus Hamadryas).
Hamamelis	A genus of plants which includes the witch-hazel (Hamamelis Virginica), a preparation of which is used medicinally.
Hamate	Hooked; bent at the end into a hook; hamous.
Hamated	Hooked, or set with hooks; hamate.
Hamatum	See Unciform.
Hamble	To hamstring.
Hamburg	A commercial city of Germany, near the mouth of the Elbe.
Hame	Home.
Hame	One of the two curved pieces of wood or metal, in the harness of a draught horse, to which the traces are fastened. They are fitted upon the collar, or have pads fitting the horse's neck attached to them.
Hamel	Same as Hamele.
Hamesecken	Alt. of Hamesucken
Hamesucken	The felonious seeking and invasion of a person in his dwelling house.
Hamiform	Hook-shaped.
Hamilton period	A subdivision of the Devonian system of America; -- so named from Hamilton, Madison Co., New York. It includes the Marcellus, Hamilton, and Genesee epochs or groups. See the Chart of Geology.
Haminura	A large edible river fish (Erythrinus macrodon) of Guiana.
Hamite	A fossil cephalopod of the genus Hamites, related to the ammonites, but having the last whorl bent into a hooklike form.
Hamite	A descendant of Ham, Noah's second son. See Gen. x. 6-20.
Haitic	Pertaining to Ham or his descendants.
Hamlet	A small village; a little cluster of houses in the country.
Hamleted	Confined to a hamlet.
Hammer	An instrument for driving nails, beating metals, and the like, consisting of a head, usually of steel or iron, fixed crosswise to a handle.
Hammer	Something which in firm or action resembles the common hammer
Hammer	That part of a clock which strikes upon the bell to indicate the hour.
Hammer	The padded mallet of a piano, which strikes the wires, to produce the tones.
Hammer	The malleus.
Hammer	That part of a gunlock which strikes the percussion cap, or firing pin; the cock; formerly, however, a piece of steel covering the pan of a flintlock musket and struck by the flint of the cock to ignite the priming.
Hammer	Also, a person of thing that smites or shatters; as, St. Augustine was the hammer of heresies.
Hammered	of Hammer
Hammering	of Hammer
Hammer	To beat with a hammer; to beat with heavy blows; as, to hammer iron.
Hammer	To form or forge with a hammer; to shape by beating.
Hammer	To form in the mind; to shape by hard intellectual labor; -- usually with out.
Hammer	To be busy forming anything; to labor hard as if shaping something with a hammer.
Hammer	To strike repeated blows, literally or figuratively.
Hammerable	Capable of being formed or shaped by a hammer.
Hammer-beam	A member of one description of roof truss, called hammer-beam truss, which is so framed as not to have a tiebeam at the top of the wall. Each principal has two hammer-beams, which occupy the situation, and to some extent serve the purpose, of a tiebeam.
Hammercloth	The cloth which covers a coach box.
Hammer-dressed	Having the surface roughly shaped or faced with the stonecutter's hammer; -- said of building stone.
Hammerer	One who works with a hammer.
Hammer-harden	To harden, as a metal, by hammering it in the cold state.
Hammerhead	A shark of the genus Sphyrna or Zygaena, having the eyes set on projections from the sides of the head, which gives it a hammer shape. The Sphyrna zygaena is found in the North Atlantic. Called also hammer fish, and balance fish.
Hammerhead	A fresh-water fish; the stone-roller.
Hammerhead	An African fruit bat (Hypsignathus monstrosus); -- so called from its large blunt nozzle.
Hammerkop	A bird of the Heron family; the umber.
Hammer-less	Without a visible hammer; -- said of a gun having a cock or striker concealed from sight, and out of the way of an accidental touch.
Hammermen	of Hammerman
Hammerman	A hammerer; a forgeman.
Hammochrysos	A stone with spangles of gold color in it.
Hammock	A swinging couch or bed, usually made of netting or canvas about six feet wide, suspended by clews or cords at the ends.
Hammock	A piece of land thickly wooded, and usually covered with bushes and vines. Used also adjectively; as, hammock land.
Hamose	Alt. of Hamous
Hamous	Having the end hooked or curved.
Hamper	A large basket, usually with a cover, used for the packing and carrying of articles; as, a hamper of wine; a clothes hamper; an oyster hamper, which contains two bushels.
Hampered	of Hamper
Hampering	of Hamper
Hamper	To put in a hamper.
Hamper	To put a hamper or fetter on; to shackle; to insnare; to inveigle; hence, to impede in motion or progress; to embarrass; to encumber.
Hamper	A shackle; a fetter; anything which impedes.
Hamper	Articles ordinarily indispensable, but in the way at certain times.
Hamshackle	To fasten (an animal) by a rope binding the head to one of the fore legs; as, to hamshackle a horse or cow; hence, to bind or restrain; to curb.
Hamster	A small European rodent (Cricetus frumentarius). It is remarkable for having a pouch on each side of the jaw, under the skin, and for its migrations.
Hamstring	One of the great tendons situated in each side of the ham, or space back of the knee, and connected with the muscles of the back of the thigh.
Hamstrung	of Hamstring
Hamstringing	of Hamstring
Hamstring	To lame or disable by cutting the tendons of the ham or knee; to hough; hence, to cripple; to incapacitate; to disable.
Hamular	Hooked; hooklike; hamate; as, the hamular process of the sphenoid bone.
Hamulate	Furnished with a small hook; hook-shaped.
Hamule	A little hook.
Hamulose	Bearing a small hook at the end.
Hamuli	of Hamulus
Hamulus	A hook, or hooklike process.
Hamulus	A hooked barbicel of a feather.
Han	To have; have.
Hanap	A rich goblet, esp. one used on state occasions.
Hanaper	A kind of basket, usually of wickerwork, and adapted for the packing and carrying of articles; a hamper.
Hance	To raise; to elevate.
Hance	Alt. of Hanch
Hanch	See Hanse.
Hanch	A sudden fall or break, as the fall of the fife rail down to the gangway.
Hand	That part of the fore limb below the forearm or wrist in man and monkeys, and the corresponding part in many other animals; manus; paw. See Manus.
Hand	That which resembles, or to some extent performs the office of, a human hand
Hand	A limb of certain animals, as the foot of a hawk, or any one of the four extremities of a monkey.
Hand	An index or pointer on a dial; as, the hour or minute hand of a clock.
Hand	A measure equal to a hand's breadth, -- four inches; a palm. Chiefly used in measuring the height of horses.
Hand	Side; part; direction, either right or left.
Hand	Power of performance; means of execution; ability; skill; dexterity.
Hand	Actual performance; deed; act; workmanship; agency; hence, manner of performance.
Hand	An agent; a servant, or laborer; a workman, trained or competent for special service or duty; a performer more or less skillful; as, a deck hand; a farm hand; an old hand at speaking.
Hand	Handwriting; style of penmanship; as, a good, bad or running hand. Hence, a signature.
Hand	Personal possession; ownership; hence, control; direction; management; -- usually in the plural.
Hand	Agency in transmission from one person to another; as, to buy at first hand, that is, from the producer, or when new; at second hand, that is, when no longer in the producer's hand, or when not new.
Hand	Rate; price.
Hand	That which is, or may be, held in a hand at once
Hand	The quota of cards received from the dealer.
Hand	A bundle of tobacco leaves tied together.
Hand	The small part of a gunstock near the lock, which is grasped by the hand in taking aim.
Hand staves	of Hand
Handed	of Hand
Handing	of Hand
Hand	To give, pass, or transmit with the hand; as, he handed them the letter.
Hand	To lead, guide, or assist with the hand; to conduct; as, to hand a lady into a carriage.
Hand	To manage; as, I hand my oar.
Hand	To seize; to lay hands on.
Hand	To pledge by the hand; to handfast.
Hand	To furl; -- said of a sail.
Hand	To cooperate.
Handbarrow	A frame or barrow, without a wheel, carried by hand.
Handbill	A loose, printed sheet, to be distributed by hand.
Handbill	A pruning hook.
Handbook	A book of reference, to be carried in the hand; a manual; a guidebook.
Handbreadth	A space equal to the breadth of the hand; a palm.
Handcart	A cart drawn or pushed by hand.
Handcloth	A handkerchief.
Handcraft	Same as Handicraft.
-men	of Handcraftsman
Handcraftsman	A handicraftsman.
Handcuff	A fastening, consisting of an iron ring around the wrist, usually connected by a chain with one on the other wrist; a manacle; -- usually in the plural.
Handcuffed	of Handcuff
Handcuffing	of Handcuff
Handcuff	To apply handcuffs to; to manacle.
Handed	With hands joined; hand in hand.
Handed	Having a peculiar or characteristic hand.
Hander	One who hands over or transmits; a conveyer in succession.
Handfast	Hold; grasp; custody; power of confining or keeping.
Handfast	Contract; specifically, espousal.
Handfast	Fast by contract; betrothed by joining hands.
Handfasted	of Handfast
Handfasting	of Handfast
Handfast	To pledge; to bind; to betroth by joining hands, in order to cohabitation, before the celebration of marriage.
Handfast	Strong; steadfast.
Handfastly	In a handfast or publicly pledged manner.
Handfish	The frogfish.
Hand flus	of Handful
Handful	As much as the hand will grasp or contain.
Handful	A hand's breadth; four inches.
Handful	A small quantity.
Hand-hole	A small hole in a boiler for the insertion of the hand in cleaning, etc.
Handicap	An allowance of a certain amount of time or distance in starting, granted in a race to the competitor possessing inferior advantages; or an additional weight or other hindrance imposed upon the one possessing superior advantages, in order to equalize, as much as possible, the chances of success; as, the handicap was five seconds, or ten pounds, and the like.
Handicap	A race, for horses or men, or any contest of agility, strength, or skill, in which there is an allowance of time, distance, weight, or other advantage, to equalize the chances of the competitors.
Handicap	An old game at cards.
Handicapped	of Handicap
Handicapping	of Handicap
Handicap	To encumber with a handicap in any contest; hence, in general, to place at disadvantage; as, the candidate was heavily handicapped.
Handicapper	One who determines the conditions of a handicap.
Handicraft	A trade requiring skill of hand; manual occupation; handcraft.
Handicraft	A man who earns his living by handicraft; a handicraftsman.
-men	of Handi-craftsman
Handi-craftsman	A man skilled or employed in handcraft.
Handily	In a handy manner; skillfully; conveniently.
Handiness	The quality or state of being handy.
Handiron	See Andrion.
Handiwork	Work done by the hands; hence, any work done personally.
Handkercher	A handkerchief.
Handkerchief	A piece of cloth, usually square and often fine and elegant, carried for wiping the face or hands.
Handkerchief	A piece of cloth shaped like a handkerchief to be worn about the neck; a neckerchief; a neckcloth.
Handled	of Handle
Handling	of Handle
Handle	To touch; to feel with the hand; to use or hold with the hand.
Handle	To manage in using, as a spade or a musket; to wield; often, to manage skillfully.
Handle	To accustom to the hand; to work upon, or take care of, with the hands.
Handle	To receive and transfer; to have pass through one's hands; hence, to buy and sell; as, a merchant handles a variety of goods, or a large stock.
Handle	To deal with; to make a business of.
Handle	To treat; to use, well or ill.
Handle	To manage; to control; to practice skill upon.
Handle	To use or manage in writing or speaking; to treat, as a theme, an argument, or an objection.
Handle	To use the hands.
Handle	That part of vessels, instruments, etc., which is held in the hand when used or moved, as the haft of a sword, the knob of a door, the bail of a kettle, etc.
Handle	That of which use is made; the instrument for effecting a purpose; a tool.
Handleable	Capable of being handled.
Handless	Without a hand.
Handling	A touching, controlling, managing, using, etc., with the hand or hands, or as with the hands. See Handle, v. t.
Handling	The mode of using the pencil or brush, etc.; style of touch.
Handmade	Manufactured by hand; as, handmade shoes.
Handmaid	Alt. of Handmaiden
Handmaiden	A maid that waits at hand; a female servant or attendant.
Handsaw	A saw used with one hand.
Handsel	A sale, gift, or delivery into the hand of another; especially, a sale, gift, delivery, or using which is the first of a series, and regarded as on omen for the rest; a first installment; an earnest; as the first money received for the sale of goods in the morning, the first money taken at a shop newly opened, the first present sent to a young woman on her wedding day, etc.
Handsel	Price; payment.
Handseled	of Handsel
Handseled	of Handsel
Handseling	of Handsel
Handselling	of Handsel
Handsel	To give a handsel to.
Handsel	To use or do for the first time, esp. so as to make fortunate or unfortunate; to try experimentally.
Handsome	Dexterous; skillful; handy; ready; convenient; -- applied to things as persons.
Handsome	Agreeable to the eye or to correct taste; having a pleasing appearance or expression; attractive; having symmetry and dignity; comely; -- expressing more than pretty, and less than beautiful; as, a handsome man or woman; a handsome garment, house, tree, horse.
Handsome	Suitable or fit in action; marked with propriety and ease; graceful; becoming; appropriate; as, a handsome style, etc.
Handsome	Evincing a becoming generosity or nobleness of character; liberal; generous.
Handsome	Ample; moderately large.
Hadsome	To render handsome.
Handsomely	In a handsome manner.
Handsomely	Carefully; in shipshape style.
Handsomeness	The quality of being handsome.
Handspike	A bar or lever, generally of wood, used in a windlass or capstan, for heaving anchor, and, in modified forms, for various purposes.
Handspring	A somersault made with the assistance of the hands placed upon the ground.
Hand-tight	As tight as can be made by the hand.
Handwheel	Any wheel worked by hand; esp., one the rim of which serves as the handle by which a valve, car brake, or other part is adjusted.
Hand-winged	Having wings that are like hands in the structure and arrangement of their bones; -- said of bats. See Cheiroptera.
Handwriting	The cast or form of writing peculiar to each hand or person; chirography.
Handwriting	That which is written by hand; manuscript.
Handy	Performed by the hand.
Handy	Skillful in using the hand; dexterous; ready; adroit.
Handy	Ready to the hand; near; also, suited to the use of the hand; convenient; valuable for reference or use; as, my tools are handy; a handy volume.
Handy	Easily managed; obedient to the helm; -- said of a vessel.
Handyy-dandy	A child's play, one child guessing in which closed hand the other holds some small object, winning the object if right and forfeiting an equivalent if wrong; hence, forfeit.
Handyfight	A fight with the hands; boxing.
Handygripe	Seizure by, or grasp of, the hand; also, close quarters in fighting.
Handystroke	A blow with the hand.
Hand-work	See Handiwork.
Hanged	of Hang
Hung	of Hang
Hanging	of Hang
Hang	To suspend; to fasten to some elevated point without support from below; -- often used with up or out; as, to hang a coat on a hook; to hang up a sign; to hang out a banner.
Hang	To fasten in a manner which will allow of free motion upon the point or points of suspension; -- said of a pendulum, a swing, a door, gate, etc.
Hang	To fit properly, as at a proper angle (a part of an implement that is swung in using), as a scythe to its snath, or an ax to its helve.
Hang	To put to death by suspending by the neck; -- a form of capital punishment; as, to hang a murderer.
Hang	To cover, decorate, or furnish by hanging pictures trophies, drapery, and the like, or by covering with paper hangings; -- said of a wall, a room, etc.
Hang	To paste, as paper hangings, on the walls of a room.
Hang	To hold or bear in a suspended or inclined manner or position instead of erect; to droop; as, he hung his head in shame.
Hang	To be suspended or fastened to some elevated point without support from below; to dangle; to float; to rest; to remain; to stay.
Hang	To be fastened in such a manner as to allow of free motion on the point or points of suspension.
Hang	To die or be put to death by suspension from the neck.
Hang	To hold for support; to depend; to cling; -- usually with on or upon; as, this question hangs on a single point.
Hang	To be, or be like, a suspended weight.
Hang	To hover; to impend; to appear threateningly; -- usually with over; as, evils hang over the country.
Hang	To lean or incline; to incline downward.
Hang	To slope down; as, hanging grounds.
Hang	To be undetermined or uncertain; to be in suspense; to linger; to be delayed.
Hang	The manner in which one part or thing hangs upon, or is connected with, another; as, the hang of a scythe.
Hang	Connection; arrangement; plan; as, the hang of a discourse.
Hang	A sharp or steep declivity or slope.
Hangbird	The Baltimore oriole (Icterus galbula); -- so called because its nest is suspended from the limb of a tree. See Baltimore oriole.
Hang-bies	of Hang-by
Hang-by	A dependent; a hanger-on; -- so called in contempt.
Hangdog	A base, degraded person; a sneak; a gallows bird.
Hangdog	Low; sneaking; ashamed.
Hanger	One who hangs, or causes to be hanged; a hangman.
Hanger	That by which a thing is suspended.
Hanger	A strap hung to the girdle, by which a dagger or sword is suspended.
Hanger	A part that suspends a journal box in which shafting runs. See Illust. of Countershaft.
Hanger	A bridle iron.
Hanger	That which hangs or is suspended, as a sword worn at the side; especially, in the 18th century, a short, curved sword.
Hanger	A steep, wooded declivity.
Hangers-on	of Hanger-on
Hanger-on	One who hangs on, or sticks to, a person, place, or service; a dependent; one who adheres to others' society longer than he is wanted.
Hanging	Requiring, deserving, or foreboding death by the halter.
Hanging	Suspended from above; pendent; as, hanging shelves.
Hanging	Adapted for sustaining a hanging object; as, the hanging post of a gate, the post which holds the hinges.
Hanging	The act of suspending anything; the state of being suspended.
Hanging	Death by suspension; execution by a halter.
Hanging	That which is hung as lining or drapery for the walls of a room, as tapestry, paper, etc., or to cover or drape a door or window; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Hangmen	of Hangman
Hangman	One who hangs another; esp., one who makes a business of hanging; a public executioner; -- sometimes used as a term of reproach, without reference to office.
Hangmanship	The office or character of a hangman.
Hangnail	A small piece or silver of skin which hangs loose, near the root of finger nail.
Hangnest	A nest that hangs like a bag or pocket.
Hangnest	A bird which builds such a nest; a hangbird.
Hank	A parcel consisting of two or more skeins of yarn or thread tied together.
Hank	A rope or withe for fastening a gate.
Hank	Hold; influence.
Hank	A ring or eye of rope, wood, or iron, attached to the edge of a sail and running on a stay.
Hank	To fasten with a rope, as a gate.
Hank	To form into hanks.
Hankered	of Hanker
Hankering	of Hanker
Hanker	To long (for) with a keen appetite and uneasiness; to have a vehement desire; -- usually with for or after; as, to hanker after fruit; to hanker after the diversions of the town.
Hanker	To linger in expectation or with desire.
Hankeringly	In a hankering manner.
Hankey-pankey	Professional cant; the chatter of conjurers to divert attention from their tricks; hence, jugglery.
Hanoverian	Of or pertaining to Hanover or its people, or to the House of Hanover in England.
Hanoverian	A native or naturalized inhabitant of Hanover; one of the House of Hanover.
Han sa	See 2d Hanse.
Hansard	An official report of proceedings in the British Parliament; -- so called from the name of the publishers.
Hansard	A merchant of one of the Hanse towns. See the Note under 2d Hanse.
Hanse	That part of an elliptical or many-centered arch which has the shorter radius and immediately adjoins the impost.
Hanse	An association; a league or confederacy.
Hanseatic	Pertaining to the Hanse towns, or to their confederacy.
Hansel	See Handsel.
Hanselines	A sort of breeches.
Hansom	Alt. of Hansom cab
Hansom cab	A light, low, two-wheeled covered carriage with the driver's seat elevated behind, the reins being passed over the top.
Han't	A contraction of have not, or has not, used in illiterate speech. In the United States the commoner spelling is hain't.
Hanuman	See Hoonoomaun.
Hap	To clothe; to wrap.
Hap	A cloak or plaid.
Hap	That which happens or comes suddenly or unexpectedly; also, the manner of occurrence or taking place; chance; fortune; accident; casual event; fate; luck; lot.
Hap	To happen; to befall; to chance.
Hap'penny	A half-penny.
Haphazard	Extra hazard; chance; accident; random.
Hapless	Without hap or luck; luckless; unfortunate; unlucky; unhappy; as, hapless youth; hapless maid.
Haplessly	In a hapless, unlucky manner.
Haplomi	An order of freshwater fishes, including the true pikes, cyprinodonts, and blindfishes.
Haplostemonous	Having but one series of stamens, and that equal in number to the proper number of petals; isostemonous.
Haply	By hap, chance, luck, or accident; perhaps; it may be.
Happed	Wrapped; covered; cloaked.
Happened	of Happen
Happening	of Happen
Happen	To come by chance; to come without previous expectation; to fall out.
Happen	To take place; to occur.
Happily	By chance; peradventure; haply.
Happily	By good fortune; fortunately; luckily.
Happily	In a happy manner or state; in happy circumstances; as, he lived happily with his wife.
Happily	With address or dexterity; gracefully; felicitously; in a manner to success; with success.
Happiness	Good luck; good fortune; prosperity.
Happiness	An agreeable feeling or condition of the soul arising from good fortune or propitious happening of any kind; the possession of those circumstances or that state of being which is attended enjoyment; the state of being happy; contentment; joyful satisfaction; felicity; blessedness.
Happiness	Fortuitous elegance; unstudied grace; -- used especially of language.
Happy	Favored by hap, luck, or fortune; lucky; fortunate; successful; prosperous; satisfying desire; as, a happy expedient; a happy effort; a happy venture; a happy omen.
Happy	Experiencing the effect of favorable fortune; having the feeling arising from the consciousness of well-being or of enjoyment; enjoying good of any kind, as peace, tranquillity, comfort; contented; joyous; as, happy hours, happy thoughts.
Happy	Dexterous; ready; apt; felicitous.
Hapuku	A large and valuable food fish (Polyprion prognathus) of New Zealand. It sometimes weighs one hundred pounds or more.
Haquebut	See Hagbut.
Hara-kiri	Suicide, by slashing the abdomen, formerly practiced in Japan, and commanded by the government in the cases of disgraced officials; disembowelment; -- also written, but incorrectly, hari-kari.
Harangue	A speech addressed to a large public assembly; a popular oration; a loud address a multitude; in a bad sense, a noisy or pompous speech; declamation; ranting.
Harangued	of Harangue
Haranguing	of Harangue
Harangue	To make an harangue; to declaim.
Harangue	To address by an harangue.
Harangueful	Full of harangue.
Haranguer	One who harangues, or is fond of haranguing; a declaimer.
Harassed	of Harass
Harassing	of Harass
Harass	To fatigue; to tire with repeated and exhausting efforts; esp., to weary by importunity, teasing, or fretting; to cause to endure excessive burdens or anxieties; -- sometimes followed by out.
Harass	Devastation; waste.
Harass	Worry; harassment.
Harasser	One who harasses.
Harassment	The act of harassing, or state of being harassed; worry; annoyance; anxiety.
Harberous	Harborous.
Harbinger	One who provides lodgings; especially, the officer of the English royal household who formerly preceded the court when traveling, to provide and prepare lodgings.
Harbinger	A forerunner; a precursor; a messenger.
Harbingered	of Harbinger
Harbingering	of Harbinger
Harbinger	To usher in; to be a harbinger of.
Harbor	A station for rest and entertainment; a place of security and comfort; a refuge; a shelter.
Harbor	Specif.: A lodging place; an inn.
Harbor	The mansion of a heavenly body.
Harbor	A portion of a sea, a lake, or other large body of water, either landlocked or artificially protected so as to be a place of safety for vessels in stormy weather; a port or haven.
Harbor	A mixing box materials.
Harbored	of Harbor
Harboring	of Harbor
Harbor	To afford lodging to; to enter as guest; to receive; to give a refuge to; indulge or cherish (a thought or feeling, esp. an ill thought).
Harbor	To lodge, or abide for a time; to take shelter, as in a harbor.
Harborage	Shelter; entertainment.
Harborer	One who, or that which, harbors.
Harborless	Without a harbor; shelterless.
Harbor master	An officer charged with the duty of executing the regulations respecting the use of a harbor.
Harborough	Alt. of Harbrough
Harbrough	A shelter.
Harborous	Hospitable.
Hard	Not easily penetrated, cut, or separated into parts; not yielding to pressure; firm; solid; compact; -- applied to material bodies, and opposed to soft; as, hard wood; hard flesh; a hard apple.
Hard	Difficult, mentally or judicially; not easily apprehended, decided, or resolved; as a hard problem.
Hard	Difficult to accomplish; full of obstacles; laborious; fatiguing; arduous; as, a hard task; a disease hard to cure.
Hard	Difficult to resist or control; powerful.
Hard	Difficult to bear or endure; not easy to put up with or consent to; hence, severe; rigorous; oppressive; distressing; unjust; grasping; as, a hard lot; hard times; hard fare; a hard winter; hard conditions or terms.
Hard	Difficult to please or influence; stern; unyielding; obdurate; unsympathetic; unfeeling; cruel; as, a hard master; a hard heart; hard words; a hard character.
Hard	Not easy or agreeable to the taste; stiff; rigid; ungraceful; repelling; as, a hard style.
Hard	Rough; acid; sour, as liquors; as, hard cider.
Hard	Abrupt or explosive in utterance; not aspirated, sibilated, or pronounced with a gradual change of the organs from one position to another; -- said of certain consonants, as c in came, and g in go, as distinguished from the same letters in center, general, etc.
Hard	Wanting softness or smoothness of utterance; harsh; as, a hard tone.
Hard	Rigid in the drawing or distribution of the figures; formal; lacking grace of composition.
Hard	Having disagreeable and abrupt contrasts in the coloring or light and shade.
Hard	With pressure; with urgency; hence, diligently; earnestly.
Hard	With difficulty; as, the vehicle moves hard.
Hard	Uneasily; vexatiously; slowly.
Hard	So as to raise difficulties.
Hard	With tension or strain of the powers; violently; with force; tempestuously; vehemently; vigorously; energetically; as, to press, to blow, to rain hard; hence, rapidly; as, to run hard.
Hard	Close or near.
Hard	To harden; to make hard.
Hard	A ford or passage across a river or swamp.
Hardbake	A sweetmeat of boiled brown sugar or molasses made with almonds, and flavored with orange or lemon juice, etc.
Hardbeam	A tree of the genus Carpinus, of compact, horny texture; hornbeam.
Hardened	of Harden
Hardening	of Harden
Harden	To make hard or harder; to make firm or compact; to indurate; as, to harden clay or iron.
Harden	To accustom by labor or suffering to endure with constancy; to strengthen; to stiffen; to inure; also, to confirm in wickedness or shame; to make unimpressionable.
Harden	To become hard or harder; to acquire solidity, or more compactness; as, mortar hardens by drying.
Harden	To become confirmed or strengthened, in either a good or a bad sense.
Hardened	Made hard, or compact; made unfeeling or callous; made obstinate or obdurate; confirmed in error or vice.
Hardener	One who, or that which, hardens; specif., one who tempers tools.
Hardening	Making hard or harder.
Hardening	That which hardens, as a material used for converting the surface of iron into steel.
Harder	A South African mullet, salted for food.
Harderian	A term applied to a lachrymal gland on the inner side of the orbit of many animals which have a third eyelid, or nictitating membrane. See Nictitating membrane, under Nictitate.
Hard-favored	Hard-featured; ill-looking; as, Vulcan was hard-favored.
Hardfavoredness	Coarseness of features.
Hard-featured	Having coarse, unattractive or stern features.
Hardfern	A species of fern (Lomaria borealis), growing in Europe and Northwestern America.
Hard-fisted	Having hard or strong hands; as, a hard-fisted laborer.
Hard-fisted	Close-fisted; covetous; niggardly.
Hard-fought	contested; as, a hard-fought battle.
Hard grass	A name given to several different grasses, especially to the Roltbollia incurvata, and to the species of Aegilops, from one of which it is contended that wheat has been derived.
Hardhack	A very astringent shrub (Spiraea tomentosa), common in pastures. The Potentilla fruticosa in also called by this name.
Hard-handed	Having hard hands, as a manual laborer.
Hardhead	Clash or collision of heads in contest.
Hardhead	The menhaden. See Menhaden.
Hardhead	Block's gurnard (Trigla gurnardus) of Europe.
Hardhead	A California salmon; the steelhead.
Hardhead	The gray whale.
Hardhead	A coarse American commercial sponge (Spongia dura).
Hard-headed	Having sound judgment; sagacious; shrewd.
Hard-hearted	Unsympathetic; inexorable; cruel; pitiless.
Harddihead	Hardihood.
Harddihood	Boldness, united with firmness and constancy of mind; bravery; intrepidity; also, audaciousness; impudence.
Hardily	Same as Hardly.
Hardily	Boldly; stoutly; resolutely.
Hardiment	Hardihood; boldness; courage; energetic action.
Hardiness	Capability of endurance.
Hardiness	Hardihood; boldness; firmness; assurance.
Hardiness	Hardship; fatigue.
Hardish	Somewhat hard.
Hard-labored	Wrought with severe labor; elaborate; studied.
Hardly	In a hard or difficult manner; with difficulty.
Hardly	Unwillingly; grudgingly.
Hardly	Scarcely; barely; not guite; not wholly.
Hardly	Severely; harshly; roughly.
Hardly	Confidently; hardily.
Hardly	Certainly; surely; indeed.
Hard-mouthed	Not sensible to the bit; not easily governed; as, a hard-mouthed horse.
Hardness	The quality or state of being hard, literally or figuratively.
Hardness	The cohesion of the particles on the surface of a body, determined by its capacity to scratch another, or be itself scratched;-measured among minerals on a scale of which diamond and talc form the extremes.
Hardness	The peculiar quality exhibited by water which has mineral salts dissolved in it. Such water forms an insoluble compound with soap, and is hence unfit for washing purposes.
Hardock	See Hordock.
Hardpan	The hard substratum. Same as Hard pan, under Hard, a.
Hards	The refuse or coarse part of fiax; tow.
Hard-shell	Unyielding; insensible to argument; uncompromising; strict.
Hardship	That which is hard to hear, as toil, privation, injury, injustice, etc.
Hardspun	Firmly twisted in spinning.
Hard-tack	A name given by soldiers and sailors to a kind of hard biscuit or sea bread.
Hardtail	See Jurel.
Hard-visaged	Of a harsh or stern countenance; hard-featured.
Hardware	Ware made of metal, as cutlery, kitchen utensils, and the like; ironmongery.
Hardwaremen	of Hardwareman
Hardwareman	One who makes, or deals in, hardware.
Hardy	Bold; brave; stout; daring; resolu?e; intrepid.
Hardy	Confident; full of assurance; in a bad sense, morally hardened; shameless.
Hardy	Strong; firm; compact.
Hardy	Inured to fatigue or hardships; strong; capable of endurance; as, a hardy veteran; a hardy mariner.
Hardy	Able to withstand the cold of winter.
Hardy	A blacksmith's fuller or chisel, having a square shank for insertion into a square hole in an anvil, called the hardy hole.
Hare	To excite; to tease, or worry; to harry.
Hare	A rodent of the genus Lepus, having long hind legs, a short tail, and a divided upper lip. It is a timid animal, moves swiftly by leaps, and is remarkable for its fecundity.
Hare	A small constellation situated south of and under the foot of Orion; Lepus.
Harebell	A small, slender, branching plant (Campanula rotundifolia), having blue bell-shaped flowers; also, Scilla nutans, which has similar flowers; -- called also bluebell.
Hare'brained'	Wild; giddy; volatile; heedless.
Harefoot	A long, narrow foot, carried (that is, produced or extending) forward; -- said of dogs.
Harefoot	A tree (Ochroma Laqopus) of the West Indies, having the stamens united somewhat in the form of a hare's foot.
Hare-hearted	Timorous; timid; easily frightened.
Harehound	See Harrier.
Hareld	The long-tailed duck.
Harelip	A lip, commonly the upper one, having a fissure of perpendicular division like that of a hare.
Harem	The apartments or portion of the house allotted to females in Mohammedan families.
Harem	The family of wives and concubines belonging to one man, in Mohammedan countries; a seraglio.
Harengiform	Herring-shaped.
Hare's-ear	An umbelliferous plant (Bupleurum rotundifolium ); -- so named from the shape of its leaves.
Hare's-foot fern	A species of fern (Davallia Canariensis) with a soft, gray, hairy rootstock; -- whence the name.
Hare's-tail	A kind of grass (Eriophorum vaginatum). See Cotton grass, under Cotton.
Harfang	The snowy owl.
Hariali grass	The East Indian name of the Cynodon Dactylon; dog's-grass.
Haricot	A ragout or stew of meat with beans and other vegetables.
Haricot	The ripe seeds, or the unripe pod, of the common string bean (Phaseolus vulgaris), used as a vegetable. Other species of the same genus furnish different kinds of haricots.
Harier	See Harrier.
Harikari	See Hara-kiri.
Harioiation	Prognostication; soothsaying.
Harish	Like a hare.
Hark	To listen; to hearken.
Harken	To hearken.
Harl	A filamentous substance; especially, the filaments of flax or hemp.
Harl	A barb, or barbs, of a fine large feather, as of a peacock or ostrich, -- used in dressing artificial flies.
Harle	The red-breasted merganser.
Harlech group	A minor subdivision at the base of the Cambrian system in Wales.
Harlequin	A buffoon, dressed in party-colored clothes, who plays tricks, often without speaking, to divert the bystanders or an audience; a merry-andrew; originally, a droll rogue of Italian comedy.
Harlequin	To play the droll; to make sport by playing ludicrous tricks.
Harlequin	Toremove or conjure away, as by a harlequin's trick.
Harlequinade	A play or part of play in which the harlequin is conspicuous; the part of a harlequin.
Harlock	Probably a corruption either of charlock or hardock.
Harlot	A churl; a common man; a person, male or female, of low birth.
Harlot	A person given to low conduct; a rogue; a cheat; a rascal.
Harlot	A woman who prostitutes her body for hire; a prostitute; a common woman; a strumpet.
Harlot	Wanton; lewd; low; base.
Harlot	To play the harlot; to practice lewdness.
Harlotize	To harlot.
Harlotry	Ribaldry; buffoonery; a ribald story.
Harlotry	The trade or practice of prostitution; habitual or customary lewdness.
Harlotry	Anything meretricious; as, harlotry in art.
Harlotry	A harlot; a strumpet; a baggage.
Harm	Injury; hurt; damage; detriment; misfortune.
Harm	That which causes injury, damage, or loss.
Harmed	of Harm
Harming	of Harm
Harm	To hurt; to injure; to damage; to wrong.
Harmaline	An alkaloid found in the plant Peganum harmala. It forms bitter, yellow salts.
Harmattan	A dry, hot wind, prevailing on the Atlantic coast of Africa, in December, January, and February, blowing from the interior or Sahara. It is usually accompanied by a haze which obscures the sun.
Harmel	A kind of rue (Ruta sylvestris) growing in India. At Lahore the seeds are used medicinally and for fumigation.
Harmful	Full of harm; injurious; hurtful; mischievous.
Harmine	An alkaloid accompanying harmaline (in the Peganum harmala), and obtained from it by oxidation. It is a white crystalline substance.
Harmless	Free from harm; unhurt; as, to give bond to save another harmless.
Harmless	Free from power or disposition to harm; innocent; inoffensive.
Harmonic	Alt. of Harmonical
Harmonical	Concordant; musical; consonant; as, harmonic sounds.
Harmonical	Relating to harmony, -- as melodic relates to melody; harmonious; esp., relating to the accessory sounds or overtones which accompany the predominant and apparent single tone of any string or sonorous body.
Harmonical	Having relations or properties bearing some resemblance to those of musical consonances; -- said of certain numbers, ratios, proportions, points, lines. motions, and the like.
Harmonic	A musical note produced by a number of vibrations which is a multiple of the number producing some other; an overtone. See Harmonics.
Harmonica	A musical instrument, consisting of a series of hemispherical glasses which, by touching the edges with the dampened finger, give forth the tones.
Harmonica	A toy instrument of strips of glass or metal hung on two tapes, and struck with hammers.
Har monically	In an harmonical manner; harmoniously.
Har monically	In respect to harmony, as distinguished from melody; as, a passage harmonically correct.
Har monically	In harmonical progression.
Harmonicon	A small, flat, wind instrument of music, in which the notes are produced by the vibration of free metallic reeds.
Harmonics	The doctrine or science of musical sounds.
Harmonics	Secondary and less distinct tones which accompany any principal, and apparently simple, tone, as the octave, the twelfth, the fifteenth, and the seventeenth. The name is also applied to the artificial tones produced by a string or column of air, when the impulse given to it suffices only to make a part of the string or column vibrate; overtones.
Harmonious	Adapted to each other; having parts proportioned to each other; symmetrical.
Harmonious	Acting together to a common end; agreeing in action or feeling; living in peace and friendship; as, an harmonious family.
Harmonious	Vocally or musically concordant; agreeably consonant; symphonious.
Harmoniphon	An obsolete wind instrument with a keyboard, in which the sound, which resembled the oboe, was produced by the vibration of thin metallic plates, acted upon by blowing through a tube.
Harmonist	One who shows the agreement or harmony of corresponding passages of different authors, as of the four evangelists.
Harmonist	One who understands the principles of harmony or is skillful in applying them in composition; a musical composer.
Harmonist	Alt. of Harmonite
Harmonite	One of a religious sect, founded in Wurtemburg in the last century, composed of followers of George Rapp, a weaver. They had all their property in common. In 1803, a portion of this sect settled in Pennsylvania and called the village thus established, Harmony.
Harmonium	A musical instrument, resembling a small organ and especially designed for church music, in which the tones are produced by forcing air by means of a bellows so as to cause the vibration of free metallic reeds. It is now made with one or two keyboards, and has pedals and stops.
Harmonization	The act of harmonizing.
Harmonized	of Harmonize
Harmonizing	of Harmonize
Harmonize	To agree in action, adaptation, or effect on the mind; to agree in sense or purport; as, the parts of a mechanism harmonize.
Harmonize	To be in peace and friendship, as individuals, families, or public organizations.
Harmonize	To agree in vocal or musical effect; to form a concord; as, the tones harmonize perfectly.
Harmonize	To adjust in fit proportions; to cause to agree; to show the agreement of; to reconcile the apparent contradiction of.
Harmonize	To accompany with harmony; to provide with parts, as an air, or melody.
Harmonizer	One who harmonizes.
Harmonometer	An instrument for measuring the harmonic relations of sounds. It is often a monochord furnished with movable bridges.
Harmonies	of Harmony
Harmony	The just adaptation of parts to each other, in any system or combination of things, or in things, or things intended to form a connected whole; such an agreement between the different parts of a design or composition as to produce unity of effect; as, the harmony of the universe.
Harmony	Concord or agreement in facts, opinions, manners, interests, etc.; good correspondence; peace and friendship; as, good citizens live in harmony.
Harmony	A literary work which brings together or arranges systematically parallel passages of historians respecting the same events, and shows their agreement or consistency; as, a harmony of the Gospels.
Harmony	A succession of chords according to the rules of progression and modulation.
Harmony	The science which treats of their construction and progression.
Harmony	See Harmonic suture, under Harmonic.
Harmost	A governor or prefect appointed by the Spartans in the cities subjugated by them.
Harmotome	A hydrous silicate of alumina and baryta, occurring usually in white cruciform crystals; cross-stone.
Harness	Originally, the complete dress, especially in a military sense, of a man or a horse; hence, in general, armor.
Harness	The equipment of a draught or carriage horse, for drawing a wagon, coach, chaise, etc.; gear; tackling.
Harness	The part of a loom comprising the heddles, with their means of support and motion, by which the threads of the warp are alternately raised and depressed for the passage of the shuttle.
Harnessed	of Harness
Harnessing	of Harness
Harness	To dress in armor; to equip with armor for war, as a horseman; to array.
Harness	Fig.: To equip or furnish for defense.
Harness	To make ready for draught; to equip with harness, as a horse. Also used figuratively.
Harness cask	A tub lashed to a vessel's deck and containing salted provisions for daily use; -- called also harness tub.
Harnesser	One who harnesses.
Harns	The brains.
Harp	A musical instrument consisting of a triangular frame furnished with strings and sometimes with pedals, held upright, and played with the fingers.
Harp	A constellation; Lyra, or the Lyre.
Harp	A grain sieve.
Harped	of Harp
Harping	of Harp
Harp	To play on the harp.
Harp	To dwell on or recur to a subject tediously or monotonously in speaking or in writing; to refer to something repeatedly or continually; -- usually with on or upon.
Harp	To play on, as a harp; to play (a tune) on the harp; to develop or give expression to by skill and art; to sound forth as from a harp; to hit upon.
Harpa	A genus of marine univalve shells; the harp shells; -- so called from the form of the shells, and their ornamental ribs.
Harpagon	A grappling iron.
Harper	A player on the harp; a minstrel.
Harper	A brass coin bearing the emblem of a harp, -- formerly current in Ireland.
Harping	Pertaining to the harp; as, harping symphonies.
Harping iron	A harpoon.
Harpings	The fore parts of the wales, which encompass the bow of a vessel, and are fastened to the stem.
Harpist	A player on the harp; a harper.
Harpoon	A spear or javelin used to strike and kill large fish, as whales; a harping iron. It consists of a long shank, with a broad, fiat, triangular head, sharpened at both edges, and is thrown by hand, or discharged from a gun.
Harpooned	of Harpoon
Harpooning	of Harpoon
Harpoon	To strike, catch, or kill with a harpoon.
Harpooneer	An harpooner.
Harpooner	One who throws the harpoon.
Harpress	A female harper.
Harpsichon	A harpsichord.
Harpsichord	A harp-shaped instrument of music set horizontally on legs, like the grand piano, with strings of wire, played by the fingers, by means of keys provided with quills, instead of hammers, for striking the strings. It is now superseded by the piano.
Harpies	of Harpy
Harpy	A fabulous winged monster, ravenous and filthy, having the face of a woman and the body of a vulture, with long claws, and the face pale with hunger. Some writers mention two, others three.
Harpy	One who is rapacious or ravenous; an extortioner.
Harpy	The European moor buzzard or marsh harrier (Circus aeruginosus).
Harpy	A large and powerful, double-crested, short-winged American eagle (Thrasaetus harpyia). It ranges from Texas to Brazil.
Harquebus	Alt. of Harquebuse
Harquebuse	A firearm with match holder, trigger, and tumbler, made in the second half of the 15th century. the barrel was about forty inches long. A form of the harquebus was subsequently called arquebus with matchlock.
Harrage	To harass; to plunder from.
Harre	A hinge.
Harridan	A worn-out strumpet; a vixenish woman; a hag.
Harrier	One of a small breed of hounds, used for hunting hares.
Harrier	One who harries.
Harrier	One of several species of hawks or buzzards of the genus Circus which fly low and harry small animals or birds, -- as the European marsh harrier (Circus aerunginosus), and the hen harrier (C. cyaneus).
Harrow	An implement of agriculture, usually formed of pieces of timber or metal crossing each other, and set with iron or wooden teeth. It is drawn over plowed land to level it and break the clods, to stir the soil and make it fine, or to cover seed when sown.
Harrow	An obstacle formed by turning an ordinary harrow upside down, the frame being buried.
Harrowed	of Harrow
Harrowing	of Harrow
Harrow	To draw a harrow over, as for the purpose of breaking clods and leveling the surface, or for covering seed; as, to harrow land.
Harrow	To break or tear, as with a harrow; to wound; to lacerate; to torment or distress; to vex.
Harrow	Help! Halloo! An exclamation of distress; a call for succor;-the ancient Norman hue and cry.
Harrow	To pillage; to harry; to oppress.
Harrower	One who harrows.
Harrower	One who harries.
Harried	of Harry
Harrying	of Harry
Harry	To strip; to lay waste; as, the Northmen came several times and harried the land.
Harry	To agitate; to worry; to harrow; to harass.
Harry	To make a predatory incursion; to plunder or lay waste.
Harsh	Rough; disagreeable; grating
Harsh	disagreeable to the touch.
Harsh	disagreeable to the taste.
Harsh	disagreeable to the ear.
Harsh	Unpleasant and repulsive to the sensibilities; austere; crabbed; morose; abusive; abusive; severe; rough.
Harsh	Having violent contrasts of color, or of light and shade; lacking in harmony.
Harshly	In a harsh manner; gratingly; roughly; rudely.
Harshness	The quality or state of being harsh.
Harslet	See Haslet.
Hart	A stag; the male of the red deer. See the Note under Buck.
Hartbeest	A large South African antelope (Alcelaphus caama), formerly much more abundant than it is now. The face and legs are marked with black, the rump with white.
Harten	To hearten; to encourage; to incite.
Hartford	The Hartford grape, a variety of grape first raised at Hartford, Connecticut, from the Northern fox grape. Its large dark-colored berries ripen earlier than those of most other kinds.
Harts clover	Melilot or sweet clover. See Melilot.
Hart's-ear	An Asiatic species of Cacalia (C. Kleinia), used medicinally in India.
Hartshorn	The horn or antler of the hart, or male red deer.
Hartshorn	Spirits of hartshorn (see below); volatile salts.
Hart-tongue	A common British fern (Scolopendrium vulgare), rare in America.
Hart-tongue	A West Indian fern, the Polypodium Phyllitidis of Linnaeus. It is also found in Florida.
Hartwort	A coarse umbelliferous plant of Europe (Tordylium maximum).
Harum-scarum	Wild; giddy; flighty; rash; thoughtless.
Haruspication	See Haruspicy.
Haruspice	A diviner of ancient Rome. Same as Aruspice.
Haruspicy	The art or practices of haruspices. See Aruspicy.
Harvest	The gathering of a crop of any kind; the ingathering of the crops; also, the season of gathering grain and fruits, late summer or early autumn.
Harvest	That which is reaped or ready to be reaped or gath//ed; a crop, as of grain (wheat, maize, etc.), or fruit.
Harvest	The product or result of any exertion or labor; gain; reward.
Harvested	of Harvest
Harvesting	of Harvest
Harvest	To reap or gather, as any crop.
Harvester	One who harvests; a machine for cutting and gathering grain; a reaper.
Harvester	A harvesting ant.
Harvest-home	The gathering and bringing home of the harvest; the time of harvest.
Harvest-home	The song sung by reapers at the feast made at the close of the harvest; the feast itself.
Harvest-home	A service of thanksgiving, at harvest time, in the Church of England and in the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States.
Harvest-home	The opportunity of gathering treasure.
Harvesting	a. & n., from Harvest, v. t.
Harvestless	Without harvest; lacking in crops; barren.
Harvestmen	of Harvestman
Harvestman	A man engaged in harvesting.
Harvestman	See Daddy longlegs, 1.
Harvestry	The act of harvesting; also, that which is harvested.
Hary	To draw; to drag; to carry off by violence.
Has	3d pers. sing. pres. of Have.
Hasard	Hazard.
Hase	See Haze, v. t.
Hash	That which is hashed or chopped up; meat and vegetables, especially such as have been already cooked, chopped into small pieces and mixed.
Hash	A new mixture of old matter; a second preparation or exhibition.
Hashed	of Hash
Hashing	of Hash
Hash	To /hop into small pieces; to mince and mix; as, to hash meat.
Hasheesh	Alt. of Hashish
Hashish	A slightly acrid gum resin produced by the common hemp (Cannabis saltiva), of the variety Indica, when cultivated in a warm climate; also, the tops of the plant, from which the resinous product is obtained. It is narcotic, and has long been used in the East for its intoxicating effect. See Bhang, and Ganja.
Hask	A basket made of rushes or flags, as for carrying fish.
Haslet	The edible viscera, as the heart, liver, etc., of a beast, esp. of a hog.
Hasp	A clasp, especially a metal strap permanently fast at one end to a staple or pin, while the other passes over a staple, and is fastened by a padlock or a pin; also, a metallic hook for fastening a door.
Hasp	A spindle to wind yarn, thread, or silk on.
Hasp	An instrument for cutting the surface of grass land; a scarifier.
Hasped	of Hasp
Hasping	of Hasp
Hasp	To shut or fasten with a hasp.
Hassock	A rank tuft of bog grass; a tussock.
Hassock	A small stuffed cushion or footstool, for kneeling on in church, or for home use.
Hast	2d pers. sing. pres. of. Have, contr. of havest.
Hastate	Alt. of Hastated
Hastated	Shaped like the head of a halberd; triangular, with the basal angles or lobes spreading; as, a hastate leaf.
Haste	Celerity of motion; speed; swiftness; dispatch; expedition; -- applied only to voluntary beings, as men and other animals.
Haste	The state of being urged or pressed by business; hurry; urgency; sudden excitement of feeling or passion; precipitance; vehemence.
Hasted	of Haste
Hasting	of Haste
Haste	To hasten; to hurry.
Hastened	of Hasten
Hastening	of Hasten
Hasten	To press; to drive or urge forward; to push on; to precipitate; to accelerate the movement of; to expedite; to hurry.
Hasten	To move celerity; to be rapid in motion; to act speedily or quickly; to go quickly.
Hastener	One who hastens.
Hastener	That which hastens; especially, a stand or reflector used for confining the heat of the fire to meat while roasting before it.
Hastif	Hasty.
Hastile	Same as Hastate.
Hastily	In haste; with speed or quickness; speedily; nimbly.
Hastily	Without due reflection; precipitately; rashly.
Hastily	Passionately; impatiently.
Hastiness	The quality or state of being hasty; haste; precipitation; rashness; quickness of temper.
Hastings	Early fruit or vegetables; especially, early pease.
Hastings sands	The lower group of the Wealden formation; -- so called from its development around Hastings, in Sussex, England.
Hastive	Forward; early; -- said of fruits.
Hasty	Involving haste; done, made, etc., in haste; as, a hasty sketch.
Hasty	Demanding haste or immediate action.
Hasty	Moving or acting with haste or in a hurry; hurrying; hence, acting without deliberation; precipitate; rash; easily excited; eager.
Hasty	Made or reached without deliberation or due caution; as, a hasty conjecture, inference, conclusion, etc., a hasty resolution.
Hasty	Proceeding from, or indicating, a quick temper.
Hasty	Forward; early; first ripe.
Hasty pudding	A thick batter pudding made of Indian meal stirred into boiling water; mush.
Hasty pudding	A batter or pudding made of flour or oatmeal, stirred into boiling water or milk.
Hat	Hot.
Hat	sing. pres. of Hote to be called.  Cf.
Hat	A covering for the head; esp., one with a crown and brim, made of various materials, and worn by men or women for protecting the head from the sun or weather, or for ornament.
Hatable	Capable of being, or deserving to be, hated; odious; detestable.
Hatband	A band round the crown of a hat; sometimes, a band of black cloth, crape, etc., worn as a badge of mourning.
Hatbox	A box for a hat.
Hatched	of Hatch
Hatching	of Hatch
Hatch	To cross with lines in a peculiar manner in drawing and engraving. See Hatching.
Hatch	To cross; to spot; to stain; to steep.
Hatch	To produce, as young, from an egg or eggs by incubation, or by artificial heat; to produce young from (eggs); as, the young when hatched.
Hatch	To contrive or plot; to form by meditation, and bring into being; to originate and produce; to concoct; as, to hatch mischief; to hatch heresy.
Hatch	To produce young; -- said of eggs; to come forth from the egg; -- said of the young of birds, fishes, insects, etc.
Hatch	The act of hatching.
Hatch	Development; disclosure; discovery.
Hatch	The chickens produced at once or by one incubation; a brood.
Hatch	A door with an opening over it; a half door, sometimes set with spikes on the upper edge.
Hatch	A frame or weir in a river, for catching fish.
Hatch	A flood gate; a a sluice gate.
Hatch	A bedstead.
Hatch	An opening in the deck of a vessel or floor of a warehouse which serves as a passageway or hoistway; a hatchway; also; a cover or door, or one of the covers used in closing such an opening.
Hatch	An opening into, or in search of, a mine.
Hatch	To close with a hatch or hatches.
Hatch-boat	A vessel whose deck consists almost wholly of movable hatches; -- used mostly in the fisheries.
Hatchel	An instrument with long iron teeth set in a board, for cleansing flax or hemp from the tow, hards, or coarse part; a kind of large comb; -- called also hackle and heckle.
Hatcheled	of Hatchel
Hatchelled	of Hatchel
Hatcheling	of Hatchel
Hatchelling	of Hatchel
Hatchel	To draw through the teeth of a hatchel, as flax or hemp, so as to separate the coarse and refuse parts from the fine, fibrous parts.
Hatchel	To tease; to worry; to torment.
Hatcheler	One who uses a hatchel.
Hatcher	One who hatches, or that which hatches; a hatching apparatus; an incubator.
Hatcher	One who contrives or originates; a plotter.
Hatchery	A house for hatching fish, etc.
Hatchet	A small ax with a short handle, to be used with one hand.
Hatchet	Specifically, a tomahawk.
Hatchettine	Alt. of Hatchettite
Hatchettite	Mineral t/ low; a waxy or spermaceti-like substance, commonly of a greenish yellow color.
Hatching	A mode of execution in engraving, drawing, and miniature painting, in which shading is produced by lines crossing each other at angles more or less acute; -- called also crosshatching.
Hatchment	A sort of panel, upon which the arms of a deceased person are temporarily displayed, -- usually on the walls of his dwelling. It is lozenge-shaped or square, but is hung cornerwise. It is used in England as a means of giving public notification of the death of the deceased, his or her rank, whether married, widower, widow, etc. Called also achievement.
Hatchment	A sword or other mark of the profession of arms; in general, a mark of dignity.
Hatchure	Same as Hachure.
Hatchway	A square or oblong opening in a deck or floor, affording passage from one deck or story to another; the entrance to a cellar.
Hated	of Hate
Hating	of Hate
Hate	To have a great aversion to, with a strong desire that evil should befall the person toward whom the feeling is directed; to dislike intensely; to detest; as, to hate one's enemies; to hate hypocrisy.
Hate	To be very unwilling; followed by an infinitive, or a substantive clause with that; as, to hate to get into debt; to hate that anything should be wasted.
Hate	To love less, relatively.
Hate	Strong aversion coupled with desire that evil should befall the person toward whom the feeling is directed; as exercised toward things, intense dislike; hatred; detestation; -- opposed to love.
Hateful	Manifesting hate or hatred; malignant; malevolent.
Hateful	Exciting or deserving great dislike, aversion, or disgust; odious.
Hatel	Hateful; detestable.
Hater	One who hates.
Hath	Has.
Hatless	Having no hat.
Hatrack	A hatstand; hattree.
Hatred	Strong aversion; intense dislike; hate; an affection of the mind awakened by something regarded as evil.
Hatstand	A stand of wood or iron, with hooks or pegs upon which to hang hats, etc.
Hatte	pres. & imp. sing. & pl. of Hote, to be called. See Hote.
Hatted	Covered with a hat.
Hatter	To tire or worry; -- out.
Hatter	One who makes or sells hats.
Hatteria	A New Zealand lizard, which, in anatomical character, differs widely from all other existing lizards. It is the only living representative of the order Rhynchocephala, of which many Mesozoic fossil species are known; -- called also Sphenodon, and Tuatera.
Hatting	The business of making hats; also, stuff for hats.
Hatti-sherif	A irrevocable Turkish decree countersigned by the sultan.
Hattree	A hatstand.
Haubergeon	See Habergeon.
Hauberk	A coat of mail; especially, the long coat of mail of the European Middle Ages, as contrasted with the habergeon, which is shorter and sometimes sleeveless. By old writers it is often used synonymously with habergeon. See Habergeon.
Hauerite	Native sulphide of manganese a reddish brown or brownish black mineral.
Haugh	A low-lying meadow by the side of a river.
Haught	High; elevated; hence, haughty; proud.
Haughtily	In a haughty manner; arrogantly.
Haughtiness	The quality of being haughty; disdain; arrogance.
Haughty	High; lofty; bold.
Haughty	Disdainfully or contemptuously proud; arrogant; overbearing.
Haughty	Indicating haughtiness; as, a haughty carriage.
Hauled	of Haul
Hauling	of Haul
Haul	To pull or draw with force; to drag.
Haul	To transport by drawing, as with horses or oxen; as, to haul logs to a sawmill.
Haul	To change the direction of a ship by hauling the wind. See under Haul, v. t.
Haul	To pull apart, as oxen sometimes do when yoked.
Haul	A pulling with force; a violent pull.
Haul	A single draught of a net; as, to catch a hundred fish at a haul.
Haul	That which is caught, taken, or gained at once, as by hauling a net.
Haul	Transportation by hauling; the distance through which anything is hauled, as freight in a railroad car; as, a long haul or short haul.
Haul	A bundle of about four hundred threads, to be tarred.
Haulage	Act of hauling; as, the haulage of cars by an engine; charge for hauling.
Hauler	One who hauls.
Haulm	The denuded stems or stalks of such crops as buckwheat and the cereal grains, beans, etc.; straw.
Haulm	A part of a harness; a hame.
Hauls	See Hals.
Haulse	See Halse.
Hault	Lofty; haughty.
Haum	See Haulm, stalk.
Haunce	To enhance.
Haunch	The hip; the projecting region of the lateral parts of the pelvis and the hip joint; the hind part.
Haunch	Of meats: The leg and loin taken together; as, a haunch of venison.
Haunched	Having haunches.
Haunted	of Haunt
Haunting	of Haunt
Haunt	To frequent; to resort to frequently; to visit pertinaciously or intrusively; to intrude upon.
Haunt	To inhabit or frequent as a specter; to visit as a ghost or apparition.
Haunt	To practice; to devote one's self to.
Haunt	To accustom; to habituate.
Haunt	To persist in staying or visiting.
Haunt	A place to which one frequently resorts; as, drinking saloons are the haunts of tipplers; a den is the haunt of wild beasts.
Haunt	The habit of resorting to a place.
Haunt	Practice; skill.
Haunted	Inhabited by, or subject to the visits of, apparitions; frequented by a ghost.
Haunter	One who, or that which, haunts.
Haurient	In pale, with the head in chief; -- said of the figure of a fish, as if rising for air.
Hausen	A large sturgeon (Acipenser huso) from the region of the Black Sea. It is sometimes twelve feet long.
Hausse	A kind of graduated breech sight for a small arm, or a cannon.
Haustellata	An artificial division of insects, including all those with a sucking proboscis.
Haustellate	Provided with a haustellum, or sucking proboscis.
Haustellate	One of the Haustellata.
Haustella	of Haustellum
Haustellum	The sucking proboscis of various insects. See Lepidoptera, and Diptera.
Haustoria	of Haustorium
Haustorium	One of the suckerlike rootlets of such plants as the dodder and ivy.
Haut	Haughty.
Hautboy	A wind instrument, sounded through a reed, and similar in shape to the clarinet, but with a thinner tone. Now more commonly called oboe. See Illust. of Oboe.
Hautboy	A sort of strawberry (Fragaria elatior).
Hautboyist	A player on the hautboy.
Hautein	Haughty; proud.
Hautein	High; -- said of the voice or flight of birds.
Hauteur	Haughty manner or spirit; haughtiness; pride; arrogance.
Hautgout	High relish or flavor; high seasoning.
Hautpas	A raised part of the floor of a large room; a platform for a raised table or throne. See Dais.
Hauynite	A blue isometric mineral, characteristic of some volcani/ rocks. It is a silicate of alumina, lime, and soda, with sulphate of lime.
Havana	Of or pertaining to Havana, the capital of the island of Cuba; as, an Havana cigar
Havana	An Havana cigar.
Havanese	Of or pertaining to Havana, in Cuba.
Havanese	A native or inhabitant, or the people, of Havana.
Had	of Have
Having	of Have
have	of Have
hast	of Have
has	of Have
have	of Have
Have	To hold in possession or control; to own; as, he has a farm.
Have	To possess, as something which appertains to, is connected with, or affects, one.
Have	To accept possession of; to take or accept.
Have	To get possession of; to obtain; to get.
Have	To cause or procure to be; to effect; to exact; to desire; to require.
Have	To bear, as young; as, she has just had a child.
Have	To hold, regard, or esteem.
Have	To cause or force to go; to take.
Have	To take or hold (one's self); to proceed promptly; -- used reflexively, often with ellipsis of the pronoun; as, to have after one; to have at one or at a thing, i. e., to aim at one or at a thing; to attack; to have with a companion.
Have	To be under necessity or obligation; to be compelled; followed by an infinitive.
Have	To understand.
Have	To put in an awkward position; to have the advantage of; as, that is where he had him.
Haveless	Having little or nothing.
Havelock	A light cloth covering for the head and neck, used by soldiers as a protection from sunstroke.
Haven	A bay, recess, or inlet of the sea, or the mouth of a river, which affords anchorage and shelter for shipping; a harbor; a port.
Haven	A place of safety; a shelter; an asylum.
Haven	To shelter, as in a haven.
Havenage	Harbor dues; port dues.
Havened	Sheltered in a haven.
Havener	A harbor master.
Haver	A possessor; a holder.
Haver	The oat; oats.
Haver	To maunder; to talk foolishly; to chatter.
Haversack	A bag for oats or oatmeal.
Haversack	A bag or case, usually of stout cloth, in which a soldier carries his rations when on a march; -- distinguished from knapsack.
Haversack	A gunner's case or bag used carry cartridges from the ammunition chest to the piece in loading.
Haversian	Pertaining to, or discovered by, Clopton Havers, an English physician of the seventeenth century.
Havildar	In the British Indian armies, a noncommissioned officer of native soldiers, corresponding to a sergeant.
Having	Possession; goods; estate.
Havior	Behavior; demeanor.
Havoc	Wide and general destruction; devastation; waste.
Havoc	To devastate; to destroy; to lay waste.
Havoc	A cry in war as the signal for indiscriminate slaughter.
Haw	A hedge; an inclosed garden or yard.
Haw	The fruit of the hawthorn.
Haw	The third eyelid, or nictitating membrane. See Nictitating membrane, under Nictitate.
Haw	An intermission or hesitation of speech, with a sound somewhat like haw! also, the sound so made.
Haw	To stop, in speaking, with a sound like haw; to speak with interruption and hesitation.
Hawed	of Haw
Hawing	of Haw
Haw	To turn to the near side, or toward the driver; -- said of cattle or a team: a word used by teamsters in guiding their teams, and most frequently in the imperative. See Gee.
Haw	To cause to turn, as a team, to the near side, or toward the driver; as, to haw a team of oxen.
Hawaiian	Belonging to Hawaii or the Sandwich Islands, or to the people of Hawaii.
Hawaiian	A native of Hawaii.
Hawebake	Probably, the baked berry of the hawthorn tree, that is, coarse fare. See 1st Haw, 2.
Hawfinch	The common European grosbeak (Coccothraustes vulgaris); -- called also cherry finch, and coble.
Haw-haw	See Ha-ha.
Hawhaw	To laugh boisterously.
Hawk	One of numerous species and genera of rapacious birds of the family Falconidae. They differ from the true falcons in lacking the prominent tooth and notch of the bill, and in having shorter and less pointed wings. Many are of large size and grade into the eagles. Some, as the goshawk, were formerly trained like falcons. In a more general sense the word is not infrequently applied, also, to true falcons, as the sparrow hawk, pigeon hawk, duck hawk, and prairie hawk.
Hawked	of Hawk
Hawking	of Hawk
Hawk	To catch, or attempt to catch, birds by means of hawks trained for the purpose, and let loose on the prey; to practice falconry.
Hawk	To make an attack while on the wing; to soar and strike like a hawk; -- generally with at; as, to hawk at flies.
Hawk	To clear the throat with an audible sound by forcing an expiratory current of air through the narrow passage between the depressed soft palate and the root of the tongue, thus aiding in the removal of foreign substances.
Hawk	To raise by hawking, as phlegm.
Hawk	An effort to force up phlegm from the throat, accompanied with noise.
Hawk	To offer for sale by outcry in the street; to carry (merchandise) about from place to place for sale; to peddle; as, to hawk goods or pamphlets.
Hawk	A small board, with a handle on the under side, to hold mortar.
Hawkbill	A sea turtle (Eretmochelys imbricata), which yields the best quality of tortoise shell; -- called also caret.
Hawkbit	The fall dandelion (Leontodon autumnale).
Hawked	Curved like a hawk's bill; crooked.
Hawker	One who sells wares by crying them in the street; hence, a peddler or a packman.
Hawker	To sell goods by outcry in the street.
Hawker	A falconer.
Hawkey	See Hockey.
Hawk-eyed	Having a keen eye; sharpsighted; discerning.
Hawk moth	Any moth of the family Sphingidae, of which there are numerous genera and species. They are large, handsome moths, which fly mostly at twilight and hover about flowers like a humming bird, sucking the honey by means of a long, slender proboscis. The larvae are large, hairless caterpillars ornamented with green and other bright colors, and often with a caudal spine. See Sphinx, also Tobacco worm, and Tomato worm.
Hawkweed	A plant of the genus Hieracium; -- so called from the ancient belief that birds of prey used its juice to strengthen their vision.
Hawkweed	A plant of the genus Senecio (S. hieracifolius).
Hawm	See Haulm, straw.
Hawm	To lounge; to loiter.
Hawse	A hawse hole.
Hawse	The situation of the cables when a vessel is moored with two anchors, one on the starboard, the other on the port bow.
Hawse	The distance ahead to which the cables usually extend; as, the ship has a clear or open hawse, or a foul hawse; to anchor in our hawse, or athwart hawse.
Hawse	That part of a vessel's bow in which are the hawse holes for the cables.
Hawser	A large rope made of three strands each containing many yarns.
Hawser-laid	Made in the manner of a hawser.  Cf. Cable-laid, and see Illust. of Cordage.
Hawthorn	A thorny shrub or tree (the Crataegus oxyacantha), having deeply lobed, shining leaves, small, roselike, fragrant flowers, and a fruit called haw. It is much used in Europe for hedges, and for standards in gardens. The American hawthorn is Crataegus cordata, which has the leaves but little lobed.
Hay	A hedge.
Hay	A net set around the haunt of an animal, especially of a rabbit.
Hay	To lay snares for rabbits.
Hay	Grass cut and cured for fodder.
Hay	To cut and cure grass for hay.
Haybird	The European spotted flycatcher.
Haybird	The European blackcap.
Haybote	An allowance of wood to a tenant for repairing his hedges or fences; hedgebote. See Bote.
Haycock	A conical pile or hear of hay in the field.
Hay-cutter	A machine in which hay is chopped short, as fodder for cattle.
Hayfield	A field where grass for hay has been cut; a meadow.
Hayfork	A fork for pitching and tedding hay.
Hayloft	A loft or scaffold for hay.
Haymaker	One who cuts and cures hay.
Haymaker	A machine for curing hay in rainy weather.
Haymaking	The operation or work of cutting grass and curing it for hay.
Haymow	A mow or mass of hay laid up in a barn for preservation.
Haymow	The place in a barn where hay is deposited.
Hayrack	A frame mounted on the running gear of a wagon, and used in hauling hay, straw, sheaves, etc.; -- called also hay rigging.
Hayrake	A rake for collecting hay; especially, a large rake drawn by a horse or horses.
Hayrick	A heap or pile of hay, usually covered with thatch for preservation in the open air.
Haystack	A stack or conical pile of hay in the open air.
Haystalk	A stalk of hay.
Haythorn	Hawthorn.
Haytian	Of pertaining to Hayti.
Haytian	A native of Hayti.
Hayward	An officer who is appointed to guard hedges, and to keep cattle from breaking or cropping them, and whose further duty it is to impound animals found running at large.
Hazard	A game of chance played with dice.
Hazard	The uncertain result of throwing a die; hence, a fortuitous event; chance; accident; casualty.
Hazard	Risk; danger; peril; as, he encountered the enemy at the hazard of his reputation and life.
Hazard	Holing a ball, whether the object ball (winning hazard) or the player's ball (losing hazard).
Hazard	Anything that is hazarded or risked, as the stakes in gaming.
Hazarded	of Hazard
Hazarding	of Hazard
Hazard	To expose to the operation of chance; to put in danger of loss or injury; to venture; to risk.
Hazard	To venture to incur, or bring on.
Hazard	To try the chance; to encounter risk or danger.
Hazardable	Liable to hazard or chance; uncertain; risky.
Hazardable	Such as can be hazarded or risked.
Hazarder	A player at the game of hazard; a gamester.
Hazarder	One who hazards or ventures.
Hazardize	A hazardous attempt or situation; hazard.
Hazardous	Exposed to hazard; dangerous; risky.
Hazardry	Playing at hazard; gaming; gambling.
Hazardry	Rashness; temerity.
Haze	Light vapor or smoke in the air which more or less impedes vision, with little or no dampness; a lack of transparency in the air; hence, figuratively, obscurity; dimness.
Haze	To be hazy, or tick with haze.
Hazed	of Haze
Hazing	of Haze
Haze	To harass by exacting unnecessary, disagreeable, or difficult work.
Haze	To harass or annoy by playing abusive or shameful tricks upon; to humiliate by practical jokes; -- used esp. of college students; as, the sophomores hazed a freshman.
Hazel	A shrub or small tree of the genus Corylus, as the C. avellana, bearing a nut containing a kernel of a mild, farinaceous taste; the filbert. The American species are C. Americana, which produces the common hazelnut, and C. rostrata. See Filbert.
Hazel	A miner's name for freestone.
Hazel	Consisting of hazels, or of the wood of the hazel; pertaining to, or derived from, the hazel; as, a hazel wand.
Hazel	Of a light brown color, like the hazelnut.
Hazeless	Destitute of haze.
Hazelly	Of the color of the hazelnut; of a light brown.
Hazelnut	The nut of the hazel.
Hazelwort	The asarabacca.
Hazily	In a hazy manner; mistily; obscurely; confusedly.
Haziness	The quality or state of being hazy.
Hazle	To make dry; to dry.
Hazy	Thick with haze; somewhat obscured with haze; not clear or transparent.
Hazy	Obscure; confused; not clear; as, a hazy argument; a hazy intellect.
He	The man or male being (or object personified to which the masculine gender is assigned), previously designated; a pronoun of the masculine gender, usually referring to a specified subject already indicated.
He	Any one; the man or person; -- used indefinitely, and usually followed by a relative pronoun.
He	Man; a male; any male person; -- in this sense used substantively.
-head	A variant of -hood.
Head	The anterior or superior part of an animal, containing the brain, or chief ganglia of the nervous system, the mouth, and in the higher animals, the chief sensory organs; poll; cephalon.
Head	The uppermost, foremost, or most important part of an inanimate object; such a part as may be considered to resemble the head of an animal; often, also, the larger, thicker, or heavier part or extremity, in distinction from the smaller or thinner part, or from the point or edge; as, the head of a cane, a nail, a spear, an ax, a mast, a sail, a ship; that which covers and closes the top or the end of a hollow vessel; as, the head of a cask or a steam boiler.
Head	The place where the head should go; as, the head of a bed, of a grave, etc.; the head of a carriage, that is, the hood which covers the head.
Head	The most prominent or important member of any organized body; the chief; the leader; as, the head of a college, a school, a church, a state, and the like.
Head	The place or honor, or of command; the most important or foremost position; the front; as, the head of the table; the head of a column of soldiers.
Head	Each one among many; an individual; -- often used in a plural sense; as, a thousand head of cattle.
Head	The seat of the intellect; the brain; the understanding; the mental faculties; as, a good head, that is, a good mind; it never entered his head, it did not occur to him; of his own head, of his own thought or will.
Head	The source, fountain, spring, or beginning, as of a stream or river; as, the head of the Nile; hence, the altitude of the source, or the height of the surface, as of water, above a given place, as above an orifice at which it issues, and the pressure resulting from the height or from motion; sometimes also, the quantity in reserve; as, a mill or reservoir has a good head of water, or ten feet head; also, that part of a gulf or bay most remote from the outlet or the sea.
Head	A headland; a promontory; as, Gay Head.
Head	A separate part, or topic, of a discourse; a theme to be expanded; a subdivision; as, the heads of a sermon.
Head	Culminating point or crisis; hence, strength; force; height.
Head	Power; armed force.
Head	A headdress; a covering of the head; as, a laced head; a head of hair.
Head	An ear of wheat, barley, or of one of the other small cereals.
Head	A dense cluster of flowers, as in clover, daisies, thistles; a capitulum.
Head	A dense, compact mass of leaves, as in a cabbage or a lettuce plant.
Head	The antlers of a deer.
Head	A rounded mass of foam which rises on a pot of beer or other effervescing liquor.
Head	Tiles laid at the eaves of a house.
Head	Principal; chief; leading; first; as, the head master of a school; the head man of a tribe; a head chorister; a head cook.
Headed	of Head
Heading	of Head
Head	To be at the head of; to put one's self at the head of; to lead; to direct; to act as leader to; as, to head an army, an expedition, or a riot.
Head	To form a head to; to fit or furnish with a head; as, to head a nail.
Head	To behead; to decapitate.
Head	To cut off the top of; to lop off; as, to head trees.
Head	To go in front of; to get in the front of, so as to hinder or stop; to oppose; hence, to check or restrain; as, to head a drove of cattle; to head a person; the wind heads a ship.
Head	To set on the head; as, to head a cask.
Head	To originate; to spring; to have its source, as a river.
Head	To go or point in a certain direction; to tend; as, how does the ship head?
Head	To form a head; as, this kind of cabbage heads early.
Headache	Pain in the head; cephalalgia.
Headachy	Afflicted with headache.
Headband	A fillet; a band for the head.
Headband	The band at each end of the back of a book.
Headbeard	A board or boarding which marks or forms the head of anything; as, the headboard of a bed; the headboard of a grave.
Headborough	Alt. of Headborrow
Headborrow	The chief of a frankpledge, tithing, or decennary, consisting of ten families; -- called also borsholder, boroughhead, boroughholder, and sometimes tithingman. See Borsholder.
Headborrow	A petty constable.
Head-cheese	A dish made of portions of the head, or head and feet, of swine, cut up fine, seasoned, and pressed into a cheeselike mass.
Headdress	A covering or ornament for the head; a headtire.
Headdress	A manner of dressing the hair or of adorning it, whether with or without a veil, ribbons, combs, etc.
Headed	Furnished with a head (commonly as denoting intellectual faculties); -- used in composition; as, clear-headed, long-headed, thick-headed; a many-headed monster.
Headed	Formed into a head; as, a headed cabbage.
Header	One who, or that which, heads nails, rivets, etc., esp. a machine for heading.
Header	One who heads a movement, a party, or a mob; head; chief; leader.
Header	A brick or stone laid with its shorter face or head in the surface of the wall.
Header	In framing, the piece of timber fitted between two trimmers, and supported by them, and carrying the ends of the tailpieces.
Header	A reaper for wheat, that cuts off the heads only.
Header	A fall or plunge headforemost, as while riding a bicycle, or in bathing; as, to take a header.
Headfirst	Alt. of Headforemost
Headforemost	With the head foremost.
Headfish	The sunfish (Mola).
Head gear	Alt. of Headgear
Headgear	Headdress.
Headgear	Apparatus above ground at the mouth of a mine or deep well.
Head-hunter	A member of any tribe or race of savages who have the custom of decapitating human beings and preserving their heads as trophies. The Dyaks of Borneo are the most noted head-hunters.
Headily	In a heady or rash manner; hastily; rashly; obstinately.
Headiness	The quality of being heady.
Heading	The act or state of one who, or that which, heads; formation of a head.
Heading	That which stands at the head; title; as, the heading of a paper.
Heading	Material for the heads of casks, barrels, etc.
Heading	A gallery, drift, or adit in a mine; also, the end of a drift or gallery; the vein above a drift.
Heading	The extension of a line ruffling above the line of stitch.
Heading	That end of a stone or brick which is presented outward.
Headland	A cape; a promontory; a point of land projecting into the sea or other expanse of water.
Headland	A ridge or strip of unplowed at the ends of furrows, or near a fence.
Headless	Having no head; beheaded; as, a headless body, neck, or carcass.
Headless	Destitute of a chief or leader.
Headless	Destitute of understanding or prudence; foolish; rash; obstinate.
Headlight	A light, with a powerful reflector, placed at the head of a locomotive, or in front of it, to throw light on the track at night, or in going through a dark tunnel.
Headline	The line at the head or top of a page.
Headline	See Headrope.
Headlong	With the head foremost; as, to fall headlong.
Headlong	Rashly; precipitately; without deliberation.
Headlong	Hastily; without delay or respite.
Headlong	Rash; precipitate; as, headlong folly.
Headlong	Steep; precipitous.
Head-lugged	Lugged or dragged by the head.
Headmen	of Headman
Headman	A head or leading man, especially of a village community.
Headmold shot	Alt. of Headmould shot
Headmould shot	An old name for the condition of the skull, in which the bones ride, or are shot, over each other at the sutures.
Headmost	Most advanced; most forward; as, the headmost ship in a fleet.
Headnote	A note at the head of a page or chapter; in law reports, an abstract of a case, showing the principles involved and the opinion of the court.
Headpan	The brainpan.
Headpiece	Head.
Headpiece	A cap of defense; especially, an open one, as distinguished from the closed helmet of the Middle Ages.
Headpiece	Understanding; mental faculty.
Headpiece	An engraved ornament at the head of a chapter, or of a page.
Headquarters	The quarters or place of residence of any chief officer, as the general in command of an army, or the head of a police force; the place from which orders or instructions are issued; hence, the center of authority or order.
Headrace	See Race, a water course.
Headroom	See Headway, 2.
Headrope	That part of a boltrope which is sewed to the upper edge or head of a sail.
Headsail	Any sail set forward of the foremast.
Headshake	A significant shake of the head, commonly as a signal of denial.
Headship	Authority or dignity; chief place.
Headsmen	of Headsman
Headsman	An executioner who cuts off heads.
Headspring	Fountain; source.
Headstall	That part of a bridle or halter which encompasses the head.
Headstock	A part (usually separate from the bed or frame) for supporting some of the principal working parts of a machine
Headstock	The part of a lathe that holds the revolving spindle and its attachments; -- also called poppet head, the opposite corresponding part being called a tailstock.
Headstock	The part of a planing machine that supports the cutter, etc.
Headstone	The principal stone in a foundation; the chief or corner stone.
Headstone	The stone at the head of a grave.
Headstrong	Not easily restrained; ungovernable; obstinate; stubborn.
Headstrong	Directed by ungovernable will, or proceeding from obstinacy.
Headstrongness	Obstinacy.
Headtire	A headdress.
Headtire	The manner of dressing the head, as at a particular time and place.
Headway	The progress made by a ship in motion; hence, progress or success of any kind.
Headway	Clear space under an arch, girder, and the like, sufficient to allow of easy passing underneath.
Headwork	Mental labor.
Heady	Willful; rash; precipitate; hurried on by will or passion; ungovernable.
Heady	Apt to affect the head; intoxicating; strong.
Heady	Violent; impetuous.
Heal	To cover, as a roof, with tiles, slate, lead, or the like.
Healed	of Heal
Healing	of Heal
Heal	To make hale, sound, or whole; to cure of a disease, wound, or other derangement; to restore to soundness or health.
Heal	To remove or subdue; to cause to pass away; to cure; -- said of a disease or a wound.
Heal	To restore to original purity or integrity.
Heal	To reconcile, as a breach or difference; to make whole; to free from guilt; as, to heal dissensions.
Heal	To grow sound; to return to a sound state; as, the limb heals, or the wound heals; -- sometimes with up or over; as, it will heal up, or over.
Heal	Health.
Healable	Capable of being healed.
Healall	A common herb of the Mint family (Brunela vulgaris), destitute of active properties, but anciently thought a panacea.
Heald	A heddle.
Healful	Tending or serving to heal; healing.
Healing	Tending to cure; soothing; mollifying; as, the healing art; a healing salve; healing words.
Healingly	So as to heal or cure.
Health	The state of being hale, sound, or whole, in body, mind, or soul; especially, the state of being free from physical disease or pain.
Health	A wish of health and happiness, as in pledging a person in a toast.
Healthful	Full of health; free from illness or disease; well; whole; sound; healthy; as, a healthful body or mind; a healthful plant.
Healthful	Serving to promote health of body or mind; wholesome; salubrious; salutary; as, a healthful air, diet.
Healthful	Indicating, characterized by, or resulting from, health or soundness; as, a healthful condition.
Healthful	Well-disposed; favorable.
Healthfully	In health; wholesomely.
Healthfulness	The state of being healthful.
Healthily	In a healthy manner.
Healthiness	The state of being healthy or healthful; freedom from disease.
Healthless	Without health, whether of body or mind; in firm.
Healthless	Not conducive to health; unwholesome.
Healthlessness	The state of being health/ess.
Healthsome	Wholesome; salubrious.
Healthward	In the direction of health; as, a healthward tendency.
Healthy	Being in a state of health; enjoying health; hale; sound; free from disease; as, a healthy chid; a healthy plant.
Healthy	Evincing health; as, a healthy pulse; a healthy complexion.
Healthy	Conducive to health; wholesome; salubrious; salutary; as, a healthy exercise; a healthy climate.
Heam	The afterbirth or secundines of a beast.
Heap	A crowd; a throng; a multitude or great number of persons.
Heap	A great number or large quantity of things not placed in a pile.
Heap	A pile or mass; a collection of things laid in a body, or thrown together so as to form an elevation; as, a heap of earth or stones.
Heaped	of Heap
Heaping	of Heap
Heap	To collect in great quantity; to amass; to lay up; to accumulate; -- usually with up; as, to heap up treasures.
Heap	To throw or lay in a heap; to make a heap of; to pile; as, to heap stones; -- often with up; as, to heap up earth; or with on; as, to heap on wood or coal.
Heap	To form or round into a heap, as in measuring; to fill (a measure) more than even full.
Heaper	One who heaps, piles, or amasses.
Heapy	Lying in heaps.
Heard	of Hear
Hearing	of Hear
Hear	To perceive by the ear; to apprehend or take cognizance of by the ear; as, to hear sounds; to hear a voice; to hear one call.
Hear	To give audience or attention to; to listen to; to heed; to accept the doctrines or advice of; to obey; to examine; to try in a judicial court; as, to hear a recitation; to hear a class; the case will be heard to-morrow.
Hear	To attend, or be present at, as hearer or worshiper; as, to hear a concert; to hear Mass.
Hear	To give attention to as a teacher or judge.
Hear	To accede to the demand or wishes of; to listen to and answer favorably; to favor.
Hear	To have the sense or faculty of perceiving sound.
Hear	To use the power of perceiving sound; to perceive or apprehend by the ear; to attend; to listen.
Hear	To be informed by oral communication; to be told; to receive information by report or by letter.
Heard	imp. & p. p. of Hear.
Hearer	One who hears; an auditor.
Hearing	The act or power of perceiving sound; perception of sound; the faculty or sense by which sound is perceived; as, my hearing is good.
Hearing	Attention to what is delivered; opportunity to be heard; audience; as, I could not obtain a hearing.
Hearing	A listening to facts and evidence, for the sake of adjudication; a session of a court for considering proofs and determining issues.
Hearing	Extent within which sound may be heard; sound; earshot.
Hearkened	of Hearken
Hearkening	of Hearken
Hearken	To listen; to lend the ear; to attend to what is uttered; to give heed; to hear, in order to obey or comply.
Hearken	To inquire; to seek information.
Hearken	To hear by listening.
Hearken	To give heed to; to hear attentively.
Hearkener	One who hearkens; a listener.
Hearsal	Rehearsal.
Hearsay	Report; rumor; fame; common talk; something heard from another.
Hearse	A hind in the year of its age.
Hearse	A framework of wood or metal placed over the coffin or tomb of a deceased person, and covered with a pall; also, a temporary canopy bearing wax lights and set up in a church, under which the coffin was placed during the funeral ceremonies.
Hearse	A grave, coffin, tomb, or sepulchral monument.
Hearse	A bier or handbarrow for conveying the dead to the grave.
Hearse	A carriage specially adapted or used for conveying the dead to the grave.
Hearse	To inclose in a hearse; to entomb.
Hearsecloth	A cloth for covering a coffin when on a bier; a pall.
Hearselike	Suitable to a funeral.
Heart	A hollow, muscular organ, which, by contracting rhythmically, keeps up the circulation of the blood.
Heart	The seat of the affections or sensibilities, collectively or separately, as love, hate, joy, grief, courage, and the like; rarely, the seat of the understanding or will; -- usually in a good sense, when no epithet is expressed; the better or lovelier part of our nature; the spring of all our actions and purposes; the seat of moral life and character; the moral affections and character itself; the individual disposition and character; as, a good, tender, loving, bad, hard, or selfish heart.
Heart	The nearest the middle or center; the part most hidden and within; the inmost or most essential part of any body or system; the source of life and motion in any organization; the chief or vital portion; the center of activity, or of energetic or efficient action; as, the heart of a country, of a tree, etc.
Heart	Courage; courageous purpose; spirit.
Heart	Vigorous and efficient activity; power of fertile production; condition of the soil, whether good or bad.
Heart	That which resembles a heart in shape; especially, a roundish or oval figure or object having an obtuse point at one end, and at the other a corresponding indentation, -- used as a symbol or representative of the heart.
Heart	One of a series of playing cards, distinguished by the figure or figures of a heart; as, hearts are trumps.
Heart	Vital part; secret meaning; real intention.
Heart	A term of affectionate or kindly and familiar address.
Heart	To give heart to; to hearten; to encourage; to inspirit.
Heart	To form a compact center or heart; as, a hearting cabbage.
Heartache	Sorrow; anguish of mind; mental pang.
Heartbreak	Crushing sorrow or grief; a yielding to such grief.
Heartbreaking	Causing overpowering sorrow.
Heartbroken	Overcome by crushing sorrow; deeply grieved.
Heartburn	An uneasy, burning sensation in the stomach, often attended with an inclination to vomit. It is sometimes idiopathic, but is often a symptom of often complaints.
Heartburned	Having heartburn.
Heartburning	Causing discontent.
Heartburning	Same as Heartburn.
Heartburning	Discontent; secret enmity.
Heartdear	Sincerely beloved.
Heartdeep	Rooted in the heart.
Heart-eating	Preying on the heart.
Hearted	Having a heart; having (such) a heart (regarded as the seat of the affections, disposition, or character).
Hearted	Shaped like a heart; cordate.
Hearted	Seated or laid up in the heart.
Heartedness	Earnestness; sincerity; heartiness.
Hearten	To encourage; to animate; to incite or stimulate the courage of; to embolden.
Hearten	To restore fertility or strength to, as to land.
Heartener	One who, or that which, heartens, animates, or stirs up.
Heartfelt	Hearty; sincere.
Heartgrief	Heartache; sorrow.
Hearth	The pavement or floor of brick, stone, or metal in a chimney, on which a fire is made; the floor of a fireplace; also, a corresponding part of a stove.
Hearth	The house itself, as the abode of comfort to its inmates and of hospitality to strangers; fireside.
Hearth	The floor of a furnace, on which the material to be heated lies, or the lowest part of a melting furnace, into which the melted material settles.
Hearthstone	Stone forming the hearth; hence, the fireside; home.
Heartily	From the heart; with all the heart; with sincerity.
Heartily	With zeal; actively; vigorously; willingly; cordially; as, he heartily assisted the prince.
Heariness	The quality of being hearty; as, the heartiness of a greeting.
Heartless	Without a heart.
Heartless	Destitute of courage; spiritless; despodent.
Heartless	Destitute of feeling or affection; unsympathetic; cruel.
Heartlet	A little heart.
Heartlings	An exclamation used in addressing a familiar acquaintance.
Heartpea	Same as Heartseed.
Heartquake	Trembling of the heart; trepidation; fear.
Heartrending	Causing intense grief; overpowering with anguish; very distressing.
Heart-robbing	Depriving of thought; ecstatic.
Heart-robbing	Stealing the heart or affections; winning.
Heart's-ease	Ease of heart; peace or tranquillity of mind or feeling.
Heart's-ease	A species of violet (Viola tricolor); -- called also pansy.
Heartseed	A climbing plant of the genus Cardiospermum, having round seeds which are marked with a spot like a heart.
Heartshaped	Having the shape of a heart; cordate.
Heartsick	Sick at heart; extremely depressed in spirits; very despondent.
Heartsome	Merry; cheerful; lively.
Heart-spoon	A part of the breastbone.
Heartstricken	Shocked; dismayed.
Heartstrike	To affect at heart; to shock.
Heartstring	A nerve or tendon, supposed to brace and sustain the heart.
Heartstruck	Driven to the heart; infixed in the mind.
Heartstruck	Shocked with pain, fear, or remorse; dismayed; heartstricken.
Heartswelling	Rankling in, or swelling, the heart.
Heart-whole	Having the heart or affections free; not in love.
Heart-whole	With unbroken courage; undismayed.
Heart-whole	Of a single and sincere heart.
Heartwood	The hard, central part of the trunk of a tree, consisting of the old and matured wood, and usually differing in color from the outer layers. It is technically known as duramen, and distinguished from the softer sapwood or alburnum.
Heart-wounded	Wounded to the heart with love or grief.
Hearty	Pertaining to, or proceeding from, the heart; warm; cordial; bold; zealous; sincere; willing; also, energetic; active; eager; as, a hearty welcome; hearty in supporting the government.
Hearty	Exhibiting strength; sound; healthy; firm; not weak; as, a hearty timber.
Hearty	Promoting strength; nourishing; rich; abundant; as, hearty food; a hearty meal.
Hearties	of Hearty
Hearty	 Comrade; boon companion; good fellow; -- a term of familiar address and fellowship among sailors.
Heartyhale	Good for the heart.
Heat	A force in nature which is recognized in various effects, but especially in the phenomena of fusion and evaporation, and which, as manifested in fire, the sun's rays, mechanical action, chemical combination, etc., becomes directly known to us through the sense of feeling. In its nature heat is a mode if motion, being in general a form of molecular disturbance or vibration. It was formerly supposed to be a subtile, imponderable fluid, to which was given the name caloric.
Heat	The sensation caused by the force or influence of heat when excessive, or above that which is normal to the human body; the bodily feeling experienced on exposure to fire, the sun's rays, etc.; the reverse of cold.
Heat	High temperature, as distinguished from low temperature, or cold; as, the heat of summer and the cold of winter; heat of the skin or body in fever, etc.
Heat	Indication of high temperature; appearance, condition, or color of a body, as indicating its temperature; redness; high color; flush; degree of temperature to which something is heated, as indicated by appearance, condition, or otherwise.
Heat	A single complete operation of heating, as at a forge or in a furnace; as, to make a horseshoe in a certain number of heats.
Heat	A violent action unintermitted; a single effort; a single course in a race that consists of two or more courses; as, he won two heats out of three.
Heat	Utmost violence; rage; vehemence; as, the heat of battle or party.
Heat	Agitation of mind; inflammation or excitement; exasperation.
Heat	Animation, as in discourse; ardor; fervency.
Heat	Sexual excitement in animals.
Heat	Fermentation.
Heated	of Heat
Heating	of Heat
Heat	To make hot; to communicate heat to, or cause to grow warm; as, to heat an oven or furnace, an iron, or the like.
Heat	To excite or make hot by action or emotion; to make feverish.
Heat	To excite ardor in; to rouse to action; to excite to excess; to inflame, as the passions.
Heat	To grow warm or hot by the action of fire or friction, etc., or the communication of heat; as, the iron or the water heats slowly.
Heat	To grow warm or hot by fermentation, or the development of heat by chemical action; as, green hay heats in a mow, and manure in the dunghill.
Heat	Heated; as, the iron though heat red-hot.
Heater	One who, or that which, heats.
Heater	Any contrivance or implement, as a furnace, stove, or other heated body or vessel, etc., used to impart heat to something, or to contain something to be heated.
Heath	A low shrub (Erica, / Calluna, vulgaris), with minute evergreen leaves, and handsome clusters of pink flowers. It is used in Great Britain for brooms, thatch, beds for the poor, and for heating ovens. It is also called heather, and ling.
Heath	Also, any species of the genus Erica, of which several are European, and many more are South African, some of great beauty. See Illust. of Heather.
Heath	A place overgrown with heath; any cheerless tract of country overgrown with shrubs or coarse herbage.
Heathclad	Clad or crowned with heath.
Heathens	of Heathen
Heathen	of Heathen
Heathen	An individual of the pagan or unbelieving nations, or those which worship idols and do not acknowledge the true God; a pagan; an idolater.
Heathen	An irreligious person.
Heathen	Gentile; pagan; as, a heathen author.
Heathen	Barbarous; unenlightened; heathenish.
Heathen	Irreligious; scoffing.
Heathendom	That part of the world where heathenism prevails; the heathen nations, considered collectively.
Heathendom	Heathenism.
Heathenesse	Heathendom.
Heathenish	Of or pertaining to the heathen; resembling or characteristic of heathens.
Heathenish	Rude; uncivilized; savage; cruel.
Heathenish	Irreligious; as, a heathenish way of living.
Heathenishly	In a heathenish manner.
Heathenishness	The state or quality of being heathenish.
Heathenism	The religious system or rites of a heathen nation; idolatry; paganism.
Heathenism	The manners or morals usually prevalent in a heathen country; ignorance; rudeness; barbarism.
Heathenized	of Heathenize
Heathenizing	of Heathenize
Heathenize	To render heathen or heathenish.
Heathenness	State of being heathen or like the heathen.
Heathenry	The state, quality, or character of the heathen.
Heathenry	Heathendom; heathen nations.
Heather	Heath.
Heathery	Heathy; abounding in heather; of the nature of heath.
Heathy	Full of heath; abounding with heath; as, heathy land; heathy hills.
Heating	That heats or imparts heat; promoting warmth or heat; exciting action; stimulating; as, heating medicines or applications.
Heatingly	In a heating manner; so as to make or become hot or heated.
Heatless	Destitute of heat; cold.
Heaved	of Heave
Hove	of Heave
Heaved	of Heave
Hove	of Heave
Hoven	of Heave
Heaving	of Heave
Heave	To cause to move upward or onward by a lifting effort; to lift; to raise; to hoist; -- often with up; as, the wave heaved the boat on land.
Heave	To throw; to cast; -- obsolete, provincial, or colloquial, except in certain nautical phrases; as, to heave the lead; to heave the log.
Heave	To force from, or into, any position; to cause to move; also, to throw off; -- mostly used in certain nautical phrases; as, to heave the ship ahead.
Heave	To raise or force from the breast; to utter with effort; as, to heave a sigh.
Heave	To cause to swell or rise, as the breast or bosom.
Heave	To be thrown up or raised; to rise upward, as a tower or mound.
Heave	To rise and fall with alternate motions, as the lungs in heavy breathing, as waves in a heavy sea, as ships on the billows, as the earth when broken up by frost, etc.; to swell; to dilate; to expand; to distend; hence, to labor; to struggle.
Heave	To make an effort to raise, throw, or move anything; to strain to do something difficult.
Heave	To make an effort to vomit; to retch; to vomit.
Heave	An effort to raise something, as a weight, or one's self, or to move something heavy.
Heave	An upward motion; a rising; a swell or distention, as of the breast in difficult breathing, of the waves, of the earth in an earthquake, and the like.
Heave	A horizontal dislocation in a metallic lode, taking place at an intersection with another lode.
Heaven	The expanse of space surrounding the earth; esp., that which seems to be over the earth like a great arch or dome; the firmament; the sky; the place where the sun, moon, and stars appear; -- often used in the plural in this sense.
Heaven	The dwelling place of the Deity; the abode of bliss; the place or state of the blessed after death.
Heaven	The sovereign of heaven; God; also, the assembly of the blessed, collectively; -- used variously in this sense, as in No. 2.
Heaven	Any place of supreme happiness or great comfort; perfect felicity; bliss; a sublime or exalted condition; as, a heaven of delight.
Heavened	of Heaven
Heavening	of Heaven
Heaven	To place in happiness or bliss, as if in heaven; to beatify.
Heavenize	To render like heaven or fit for heaven.
Heavenliness	The state or quality of being heavenly.
Heavenly	Pertaining to, resembling, or inhabiting heaven; celestial; not earthly; as, heavenly regions; heavenly music.
Heavenly	Appropriate to heaven in character or happiness; perfect; pure; supremely blessed; as, a heavenly race; the heavenly, throng.
Heavenly	In a manner resembling that of heaven.
Heavenly	By the influence or agency of heaven.
Heavenlyminded	Having the thoughts and affections placed on, or suitable for, heaven and heavenly objects; devout; godly; pious.
Heavenward	Toward heaven.
Heave offering	An offering or oblation heaved up or elevated before the altar, as the shoulder of the peace offering. See Wave offering.
Heaver	One who, or that which, heaves or lifts; a laborer employed on docks in handling freight; as, a coal heaver.
Heaver	A bar used as a lever.
Heaves	A disease of horses, characterized by difficult breathing, with heaving of the flank, wheezing, flatulency, and a peculiar cough; broken wind.
Heavily	In a heavy manner; with great weight; as, to bear heavily on a thing; to be heavily loaded.
Heavily	As if burdened with a great weight; slowly and laboriously; with difficulty; hence, in a slow, difficult, or suffering manner; sorrowfully.
Heaviness	The state or quality of being heavy in its various senses; weight; sadness; sluggishness; oppression; thickness.
Heaving	A lifting or rising; a swell; a panting or deep sighing.
Heavisome	Heavy; dull.
Heavy	Having the heaves.
Heavy	Heaved or lifted with labor; not light; weighty; ponderous; as, a heavy stone; hence, sometimes, large in extent, quantity, or effects; as, a heavy fall of rain or snow; a heavy failure; heavy business transactions, etc.; often implying strength; as, a heavy barrier; also, difficult to move; as, a heavy draught.
Heavy	Not easy to bear; burdensome; oppressive; hard to endure or accomplish; hence, grievous, afflictive; as, heavy yokes, expenses, undertakings, trials, news, etc.
Heavy	Laden with that which is weighty; encumbered; burdened; bowed down, either with an actual burden, or with care, grief, pain, disappointment.
Heavy	Slow; sluggish; inactive; or lifeless, dull, inanimate, stupid; as, a heavy gait, looks, manners, style, and the like; a heavy writer or book.
Heavy	Strong; violent; forcible; as, a heavy sea, storm, cannonade, and the like.
Heavy	Loud; deep; -- said of sound; as, heavy thunder.
Heavy	Dark with clouds, or ready to rain; gloomy; -- said of the sky.
Heavy	Impeding motion; cloggy; clayey; -- said of earth; as, a heavy road, soil, and the like.
Heavy	Not raised or made light; as, heavy bread.
Heavy	Not agreeable to, or suitable for, the stomach; not easily digested; -- said of food.
Heavy	Having much body or strength; -- said of wines, or other liquors.
Heavy	With child; pregnant.
Heavy	Heavily; -- sometimes used in composition; as, heavy-laden.
Heavy	To make heavy.
Heavy-armed	Wearing heavy or complete armor; carrying heavy arms.
Heavy-haded	Clumsy; awkward.
Heavy-headed	Dull; stupid.
Heavy spar	Native barium sulphate or barite, -- so called because of its high specific gravity as compared with other non-metallic minerals.
Hebdomad	A week; a period of seven days.
Hebdomadal	Alt. of Hebdomadary
Hebdomadary	Consisting of seven days, or occurring at intervals of seven days; weekly.
Hebdomadally	In periods of seven days; weekly.
Hebdomadary	A member of a chapter or convent, whose week it is to officiate in the choir, and perform other services, which, on extraordinary occasions, are performed by the superiors.
Hebdomatical	Weekly; hebdomadal.
Hebe	The goddess of youth, daughter of Jupiter and Juno. She was believed to have the power of restoring youth and beauty to those who had lost them.
Hebe	An African ape; the hamadryas.
Heben	Ebony.
Hebenon	See Henbane.
Hebetated	of Hebetate
Hebetating	of Hebetate
Hebetate	To render obtuse; to dull; to blunt; to stupefy; as, to hebetate the intellectual faculties.
Hebetate	Obtuse; dull.
Hebetate	Having a dull or blunt and soft point.
Hebetation	The act of making blunt, dull, or stupid.
Hebetation	The state of being blunted or dulled.
Hebete	Dull; stupid.
Hebetude	Dullness; stupidity.
Hebraic	Of or pertaining to the Hebrews, or to the language of the Hebrews.
Hebraically	After the manner of the Hebrews or of the Hebrew language.
Hebraism	A Hebrew idiom or custom; a peculiar expression or manner of speaking in the Hebrew language.
Hebraism	The type of character of the Hebrews.
Hebraist	One versed in the Hebrew language and learning.
Hebraistic	Pertaining to, or resembling, the Hebrew language or idiom.
Hebraistically	In a Hebraistic sense or form.
Hebraize	To convert into the Hebrew idiom; to make Hebrew or Hebraistic.
Hebraized	of Hebraize
Hebraizing	of Hebraize
Hebraize	To speak Hebrew, or to conform to the Hebrew idiom, or to Hebrew customs.
Hebrew	An appellative of Abraham or of one of his descendants, esp. in the line of Jacob; an Israelite; a Jew.
Hebrew	The language of the Hebrews; -- one of the Semitic family of languages.
Hebrew	Of or pertaining to the Hebrews; as, the Hebrew language or rites.
Hebrewess	An Israelitish woman.
Hebrician	A Hebraist.
Hebridean	Alt. of Hebridian
Hebridian	Of or pertaining to the islands called Hebrides, west of Scotland.
Hebridian	A native or inhabitant of the Hebrides.
Hecatomb	A sacrifice of a hundred oxen or cattle at the same time; hence, the sacrifice or slaughter of any large number of victims.
Hecatompedon	A name given to the old Parthenon at Athens, because measuring 100 Greek feet, probably in the width across the stylobate.
Hecdecane	A white, semisolid, spermaceti-like hydrocarbon, C16H34, of the paraffin series, found dissolved as an important ingredient of kerosene, and so called because each molecule has sixteen atoms of carbon; -- called also hexadecane.
Heck	The bolt or latch of a door.
Heck	A rack for cattle to feed at.
Heck	A door, especially one partly of latticework; -- called also heck door.
Heck	A latticework contrivance for catching fish.
Heck	An apparatus for separating the threads of warps into sets, as they are wound upon the reel from the bobbins, in a warping machine.
Heck	A bend or winding of a stream.
Heckimal	The European blue titmouse (Parus coeruleus).
Heckle	Same as Hackle.
Hectare	A measure of area, or superficies, containing a hundred ares, or 10,000 square meters, and equivalent to 2.471 acres.
Hectic	Habitual; constitutional; pertaining especially to slow waste of animal tissue, as in consumption; as, a hectic type in disease; a hectic flush.
Hectic	In a hectic condition; having hectic fever; consumptive; as, a hectic patient.
Hectic	Hectic fever.
Hectic	A hectic flush.
Hectocotylized	Changed into a hectocotylus; having a hectocotylis.
Hectocotyli	of Hectocotylus
Hectocotylus	One of the arms of the male of most kinds of cephalopods, which is specially modified in various ways to effect the fertilization of the eggs. In a special sense, the greatly modified arm of Argonauta and allied genera, which, after receiving the spermatophores, becomes detached from the male, and attaches itself to the female for reproductive purposes.
Hectogram	A measure of weight, containing a hundred grams, or about 3.527 ounces avoirdupois.
Hectogramme	The same as Hectogram.
Hectograph	A contrivance for multiple copying, by means of a surface of gelatin softened with glycerin.
Hectoliter	Alt. of Hectolitre
Hectolitre	A measure of liquids, containing a hundred liters; equal to a tenth of a cubic meter, nearly 26/ gallons of wine measure, or 22.0097 imperial gallons. As a dry measure, it contains ten decaliters, or about 2/ Winchester bushels.
Hectometer	Alt. of Hectometre
Hectometre	A measure of length, equal to a hundred meters. It is equivalent to 328.09 feet.
Hector	A bully; a blustering, turbulent, insolent, fellow; one who vexes or provokes.
Hectored	of Hector
Hectoring	of Hector
Hector	To treat with insolence; to threaten; to bully; hence, to torment by words; to tease; to taunt; to worry or irritate by bullying.
Hector	To play the bully; to bluster; to be turbulent or insolent.
Hectorism	The disposition or the practice of a hector; a bullying.
Hectorly	Resembling a hector; blustering; insolent; taunting.
Hectostere	A measure of solidity, containing one hundred cubic meters, and equivalent to 3531.66 English or 3531.05 United States cubic feet.
Heddles	of Heddle
Heddle	One of the sets of parallel doubled threads which, with mounting, compose the harness employed to guide the warp threads to the lathe or batten in a loom.
Heddle	To draw (the warp thread) through the heddle-eyes, in weaving.
Heddle-eye	The eye or loop formed in each heddle to receive a warp thread.
Heddling	The act of drawing the warp threads through the heddle-eyes of a weaver's harness; the harness itself.
Hederaceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, ivy.
Hederal	Of or pertaining to ivy.
Hederic	Pertaining to, or derived from, the ivy (Hedera); as, hederic acid, an acid of the acetylene series.
Hederiferous	Producing ivy; ivy-bearing.
Hederose	Pertaining to, or of, ivy; full of ivy.
Hedge	A thicket of bushes, usually thorn bushes; especially, such a thicket planted as a fence between any two portions of land; and also any sort of shrubbery, as evergreens, planted in a line or as a fence; particularly, such a thicket planted round a field to fence it, or in rows to separate the parts of a garden.
Hedged	of Hedge
Hedging	of Hedge
Hedge	To inclose or separate with a hedge; to fence with a thickly set line or thicket of shrubs or small trees; as, to hedge a field or garden.
Hedge	To obstruct, as a road, with a barrier; to hinder from progress or success; -- sometimes with up and out.
Hedge	To surround for defense; to guard; to protect; to hem (in).
Hedge	To surround so as to prevent escape.
Hedge	To shelter one's self from danger, risk, duty, responsibility, etc., as if by hiding in or behind a hedge; to skulk; to slink; to shirk obligations.
Hedge	To reduce the risk of a wager by making a bet against the side or chance one has bet on.
Hedge	To use reservations and qualifications in one's speech so as to avoid committing one's self to anything definite.
Hedgeborn	Born under a hedge; of low birth.
Hedgebote	Same as Haybote.
Hedgehog	A small European insectivore (Erinaceus Europaeus), and other allied species of Asia and Africa, having the hair on the upper part of its body mixed with prickles or spines. It is able to roll itself into a ball so as to present the spines outwardly in every direction. It is nocturnal in its habits, feeding chiefly upon insects.
Hedgehog	The Canadian porcupine.
Hedgehog	A species of Medicago (M. intertexta), the pods of which are armed with short spines; -- popularly so called.
Hedgehog	A form of dredging machine.
Hedgeless	Having no hedge.
Hedgepig	A young hedgehog.
Hedger	One who makes or mends hedges; also, one who hedges, as, in betting.
Hedgerow	A row of shrubs, or trees, planted for inclosure or separation of fields.
Hedging bill	A hedge bill. See under Hedge.
Hedonic	Pertaining to pleasure.
Hedonic	Of or relating to Hedonism or the Hedonic sect.
Hedonistic	Same as Hedonic, 2.
Heeded	of Heed
Heeding	of Heed
Heed	To mind; to regard with care; to take notice of; to attend to; to observe.
Heed	To mind; to consider.
Heed	Attention; notice; observation; regard; -- often with give or take.
Heed	Careful consideration; obedient regard.
Heed	A look or expression of heading.
Heedful	Full of heed; regarding with care; cautious; circumspect; attentive; vigilant.
Heedless	Without heed or care; inattentive; careless; thoughtless; unobservant.
Heedy	Heedful.
Heel	To lean or tip to one side, as a ship; as, the ship heels aport; the boat heeled over when the squall struck it.
Heel	The hinder part of the foot; sometimes, the whole foot; -- in man or quadrupeds.
Heel	The hinder part of any covering for the foot, as of a shoe, sock, etc.; specif., a solid part projecting downward from the hinder part of the sole of a boot or shoe.
Heel	The latter or remaining part of anything; the closing or concluding part.
Heel	Anything regarded as like a human heel in shape; a protuberance; a knob.
Heel	The part of a thing corresponding in position to the human heel; the lower part, or part on which a thing rests
Heel	The after end of a ship's keel.
Heel	The lower end of a mast, a boom, the bowsprit, the sternpost, etc.
Heel	In a small arm, the corner of the but which is upwards in the firing position.
Heel	The uppermost part of the blade of a sword, next to the hilt.
Heel	The part of any tool next the tang or handle; as, the heel of a scythe.
Heel	Management by the heel, especially the spurred heel; as, the horse understands the heel well.
Heel	The lower end of a timber in a frame, as a post or rafter. In the United States, specif., the obtuse angle of the lower end of a rafter set sloping.
Heel	A cyma reversa; -- so called by workmen.
Heeled	of Heel
Heeling	of Heel
Heel	To perform by the use of the heels, as in dancing, running, and the like.
Heel	To add a heel to; as, to heel a shoe.
Heel	To arm with a gaff, as a cock for fighting.
Heelball	A composition of wax and lampblack, used by shoemakers for polishing, and by antiquaries in copying inscriptions.
Heeler	A cock that strikes well with his heels or spurs.
Heeler	A dependent and subservient hanger-on of a political patron.
Heelless	Without a heel.
Heelpiece	A piece of armor to protect the heels.
Heelpiece	A piece of leather fixed on the heel of a shoe.
Heelpiece	The end.
Heelpost	The post supporting the outer end of a propeller shaft.
Heelpost	The post to which a gate or door is hinged.
Heelpost	The quoin post of a lock gate.
Heelspur	A slender bony or cartilaginous process developed from the heel bone of bats. It helps to support the wing membranes. See Illust. of Cheiropter.
Heeltap	One of the segments of leather in the heel of a shoe.
Heeltap	A small portion of liquor left in a glass after drinking.
Heeltapped	of Heeltap
Heeltapping	of Heeltap
Heeltap	To add a piece of leather to the heel of (a shoe, boot, etc.)
Heeltool	A tool used by turners in metal, having a bend forming a heel near the cutting end.
Heep	The hip of the dog-rose.
Heer	A yarn measure of six hundred yards or / of a spindle. See Spindle.
Heer	Hair.
Heft	Same as Haft, n.
Heft	The act or effort of heaving/ violent strain or exertion.
Heft	Weight; ponderousness.
Heft	The greater part or bulk of anything; as, the heft of the crop was spoiled.
Hefted	of Heft
Heft	of Heft
Hefting	of Heft
Heft	To heave up; to raise aloft.
Heft	To prove or try the weight of by raising.
Hefty	Moderately heavy.
Hegelian	Pertaining to Hegelianism.
Hegelian	A follower of Hegel.
Hegelianism	Alt. of Hegelism
Hegelism	The system of logic and philosophy set forth by Hegel, a German writer (1770-1831).
Hegemonic	Alt. of Hegemonical
Hegemonical	Leading; controlling; ruling; predominant.
Hegemony	Leadership; preponderant influence or authority; -- usually applied to the relation of a government or state to its neighbors or confederates.
Hegge	A hedge.
Hegira	The flight of Mohammed from Mecca, September 13, A. D. 622 (subsequently established as the first year of the Moslem era); hence, any flight or exodus regarded as like that of Mohammed.
Heifer	A young cow.
Heigh-ho	An exclamation of surprise, joy, dejection, uneasiness, weariness, etc.
Height	The condition of being high; elevated position.
Height	The distance to which anything rises above its foot, above that on which in stands, above the earth, or above the level of the sea; altitude; the measure upward from a surface, as the floor or the ground, of animal, especially of a man; stature.
Height	Degree of latitude either north or south.
Height	That which is elevated; an eminence; a hill or mountain; as, Alpine heights.
Height	Elevation in excellence of any kind, as in power, learning, arts; also, an advanced degree of social rank; preeminence or distinction in society; prominence.
Height	Progress toward eminence; grade; degree.
Height	Utmost degree in extent; extreme limit of energy or condition; as, the height of a fever, of passion, of madness, of folly; the height of a tempest.
Heightened	of Heighten
Heightening	of Heighten
Heighten	To make high; to raise higher; to elevate.
Heighten	To carry forward; to advance; to increase; to augment; to aggravate; to intensify; to render more conspicuous; -- used of things, good or bad; as, to heighten beauty; to heighten a flavor or a tint.
Heightener	One who, or that which, heightens.
Heinous	Hateful; hatefully bad; flagrant; odious; atrocious; giving great great offense; -- applied to deeds or to character.
Heir	One who inherits, or is entitled to succeed to the possession of, any property after the death of its owner; one on whom the law bestows the title or property of another at the death of the latter.
Heir	One who receives any endowment from an ancestor or relation; as, the heir of one's reputation or virtues.
Heir	To inherit; to succeed to.
Heirdom	The state of an heir; succession by inheritance.
Heiress	A female heir.
Heirless	Destitute of an heir.
Heirloom	Any furniture, movable, or personal chattel, which by law or special custom descends to the heir along with the inheritance; any piece of personal property that has been in a family for several generations.
Heirship	The state, character, or privileges of an heir; right of inheriting.
Hejira	See Hegira.
Hektare	Alt. of Hektometer
Hektogram	Alt. of Hektometer
Hektoliter	Alt. of Hektometer
Hektometer	Same as Hectare, Hectogram, Hectoliter, and Hectometer.
Hektograph	See Hectograph.
Helamys	See Jumping hare, under Hare.
Helcoplasty	The act or process of repairing lesions made by ulcers, especially by a plastic operation.
Held	imp. & p. p. of Hold.
Hele	Health; welfare.
Hele	To hide; to cover; to roof.
Helena	See St. Elmo's fire, under Saint.
Helenin	A neutral organic substance found in the root of the elecampane (Inula helenium), and extracted as a white crystalline or oily material, with a slightly bitter taste.
Heliac	Heliacal.
Heliacal	Emerging from the light of the sun, or passing into it; rising or setting at the same, or nearly the same, time as the sun.
Heliacally	In a heliacal manner.
Helianthin	An artificial, orange dyestuff, analogous to tropaolin, and like it used as an indicator in alkalimetry; -- called also methyl orange.
Helianthoid	Of or pertaining to the Helianthoidea.
Helianthoidea	An order of Anthozoa; the Actinaria.
Helical	Of or pertaining to, or in the form of, a helix; spiral; as, a helical staircase; a helical spring.
Helichrysum	A genus of composite plants, with shining, commonly white or yellow, or sometimes reddish, radiated involucres, which are often called "everlasting flowers."
Heliciform	Having the form of a helix; spiral.
Helicin	A glucoside obtained as a white crystalline substance by partial oxidation of salicin, from a willow (Salix Helix of Linnaeus.)
Helicine	Curled; spiral; helicoid; -- applied esp. to certain arteries of the penis.
Helicograph	An instrument for drawing spiral lines on a plane.
Helicoid	Spiral; curved, like the spire of a univalve shell.
Helicoid	Shaped like a snail shell; pertaining to the Helicidae, or Snail family.
Helicoid	A warped surface which may be generated by a straight line moving in such a manner that every point of the line shall have a uniform motion in the direction of another fixed straight line, and at the same time a uniform angular motion about it.
Helicoidal	Same as Helicoid.
Helicon	A mountain in Boeotia, in Greece, supposed by the Greeks to be the residence of Apollo and the Muses.
Heliconia	One of numerous species of Heliconius, a genus of tropical American butterflies. The wings are usually black, marked with green, crimson, and white.
Heliconian	Of or pertaining to Helicon.
Heliconian	Like or pertaining to the butterflies of the genus Heliconius.
Helicotrema	The opening by which the two scalae communicate at the top of the cochlea of the ear.
Helio-	A combining form from Gr. "h`lios the sun.
Heliocentric	Alt. of Heliocentrical
Heliocentrical	pertaining to the sun's center, or appearing to be seen from it; having, or relating to, the sun as a center; -- opposed to geocentrical.
Heliochrome	A photograph in colors.
Heliochromic	Pertaining to, or produced by, heliochromy.
Heliochromy	The art of producing photographs in color.
Heliograph	A picture taken by heliography; a photograph.
Heliograph	An instrument for taking photographs of the sun.
Heliograph	An apparatus for telegraphing by means of the sun's rays. See Heliotrope, 3.
Heliographic	Of or pertaining to heliography or a heliograph; made by heliography.
Heliography	Photography.
Heliogravure	The process of photographic engraving.
Heliolater	A worshiper of the sun.
Heliolatry	Sun worship. See Sabianism.
Heliolite	A fossil coral of the genus Heliolites, having twelve-rayed cells. It is found in the Silurian rocks.
Heliometer	An instrument devised originally for measuring the diameter of the sun; now employed for delicate measurements of the distance and relative direction of two stars too far apart to be easily measured in the field of view of an ordinary telescope.
Heliometric	Alt. of Heliometrical
Heliometrical	Of or pertaining to the heliometer, or to heliometry.
Heliometry	The apart or practice of measuring the diameters of heavenly bodies, their relative distances, etc. See Heliometer.
Heliopora	An East Indian stony coral now known to belong to the Alcyonaria; -- called also blue coral.
Helioscope	A telescope or instrument for viewing the sun without injury to the eyes, as through colored glasses, or with mirrors which reflect but a small portion of light.
Heliostat	An instrument consisting of a mirror moved by clockwork, by which a sunbeam is made apparently stationary, by being steadily directed to one spot during the whole of its diurnal period; also, a geodetic heliotrope.
Heliotrope	An instrument or machine for showing when the sun arrived at the tropics and equinoctial line.
Heliotrope	A plant of the genus Heliotropium; -- called also turnsole and girasole. H. Peruvianum is the commonly cultivated species with fragrant flowers.
Heliotrope	An instrument for making signals to an observer at a distance, by means of the sun's rays thrown from a mirror.
Heliotrope	See Bloodstone (a).
Heliotroper	The person at a geodetic station who has charge of the heliotrope.
Heliotropic	Manifesting heliotropism; turning toward the sun.
Heliotropism	The phenomenon of turning toward the light, seen in many leaves and flowers.
Heliotype	A picture obtained by the process of heliotypy.
Heliotypic	Relating to, or obtained by, heliotypy.
Heliotypy	A method of transferring pictures from photographic negatives to hardened gelatin plates from which impressions are produced on paper as by lithography.
Heliozoa	An order of fresh-water rhizopods having a more or less globular form, with slender radiating pseudopodia; the sun animalcule.
Helispheric	Alt. of Helispherical
Helispherical	Spiral.
Helium	A gaseous element found in the atmospheres of the sun and earth and in some rare minerals.
Helices	of Helix
Helixes	of Helix
Helix	A nonplane curve whose tangents are all equally inclined to a given plane. The common helix is the curve formed by the thread of the ordinary screw. It is distinguished from the spiral, all the convolutions of which are in the plane.
Helix	A caulicule or little volute under the abacus of the Corinthian capital.
Helix	The incurved margin or rim of the external ear. See Illust. of Ear.
Helix	A genus of land snails, including a large number of species.
Hell	The place of the dead, or of souls after death; the grave; -- called in Hebrew sheol, and by the Greeks hades.
Hell	The place or state of punishment for the wicked after death; the abode of evil spirits. Hence, any mental torment; anguish.
Hell	A place where outcast persons or things are gathered
Hell	A dungeon or prison; also, in certain running games, a place to which those who are caught are carried for detention.
Hell	A gambling house.
Hell	A place into which a tailor throws his shreds, or a printer his broken type.
Hell	To overwhelm.
Hellanodic	A judge or umpire in games or combats.
Hellbender	A large North American aquatic salamander (Protonopsis horrida or Menopoma Alleghaniensis). It is very voracious and very tenacious of life. Also called alligator, and water dog.
Hellborn	Born in or of hell.
Hellbred	Produced in hell.
Hellbrewed	Prepared in hell.
Hellbroth	A composition for infernal purposes; a magical preparation.
Hell-cat 	A witch; a hag.
Hell-diver	The dabchick.
Helldoomed	Doomed to hell.
Hellebore	A genus of perennial herbs (Helleborus) of the Crowfoot family, mostly having powerfully cathartic and even poisonous qualities. H. niger is the European black hellebore, or Christmas rose, blossoming in winter or earliest spring. H. officinalis was the officinal hellebore of the ancients.
Hellebore	Any plant of several species of the poisonous liliaceous genus Veratrum, especially V. album and V. viride, both called white hellebore.
Helleborein	A poisonous glucoside accompanying helleborin in several species of hellebore, and extracted as a white crystalline substance with a bittersweet taste. It has a strong action on the heart, resembling digitalin.
Helleborin	A poisonous glucoside found in several species of hellebore, and extracted as a white crystalline substance with a sharp tingling taste. It possesses the essential virtues of the plant; -- called also elleborin.
Helleborism	The practice or theory of using hellebore as a medicine.
Hellene	A native of either ancient or modern Greece; a Greek.
Hellenian	Of or pertaining to the Hellenes, or Greeks.
Hellenic	Of or pertaining to the Hellenes, or inhabitants of Greece; Greek; Grecian.
Hellenic	The dialect, formed with slight variations from the Attic, which prevailed among Greek writers after the time of Alexander.
Hellenism	A phrase or form of speech in accordance with genius and construction or idioms of the Greek language; a Grecism.
Hellenism	The type of character of the ancient Greeks, who aimed at culture, grace, and amenity, as the chief elements in human well-being and perfection.
Hellenist	One who affiliates with Greeks, or imitates Greek manners; esp., a person of Jewish extraction who used the Greek language as his mother tongue, as did the Jews of Asia Minor, Greece, Syria, and Egypt; distinguished from the Hebraists, or native Jews (Acts vi. 1).
Hellenist	One skilled in the Greek language and literature; as, the critical Hellenist.
Hellenistic	Alt. of Hellenistical
Hellenistical	Pertaining to the Hellenists.
Hellenistically	According to the Hellenistic manner or dialect.
Hellenize	To use the Greek language; to play the Greek; to Grecize.
Hellenize	To give a Greek form or character to; to Grecize; as, to Hellenize a word.
Hellenotype	See Ivorytype.
Hellespont	A narrow strait between Europe and Asia, now called the Daradanelles. It connects the Aegean Sea and the sea of Marmora.
Hellespontine	Of or pertaining to the Hellespont.
Hellgamite	Alt. of Hellgramite
Hellgramite	The aquatic larva of a large American winged insect (Corydalus cornutus), much used a fish bait by anglers; the dobson. It belongs to the Neuroptera.
Hellhag	A hag of or fit for hell.
Hell-haunted	Haunted by devils; hellish.
Hellhound	A dog of hell; an agent of hell.
Hellier	One who heles or covers; hence, a tiler, slater, or thatcher.
Hellish	Of or pertaining to hell; like hell; infernal; malignant; wicked; detestable; diabolical.
Hellkite	A kite of infernal breed.
Hello	See Halloo.
Hellward	Toward hell.
Helly	Hellish.
Helm	See Haulm, straw.
Helm	The apparatus by which a ship is steered, comprising rudder, tiller, wheel, etc.; -- commonly used of the tiller or wheel alone.
Helm	The place or office of direction or administration.
Helm	One at the place of direction or control; a steersman; hence, a guide; a director.
Helm	A helve.
Helmed	of Helm
Helming	of Helm
Helm	To steer; to guide; to direct.
Helm	A helmet.
Helm	A heavy cloud lying on the brow of a mountain.
Helm	To cover or furnish with a helm or helmet.
Helmage	Guidance; direction.
Helmed	Covered with a helmet.
Helmet	A defensive covering for the head. See Casque, Headpiece, Morion, Sallet, and Illust. of Beaver.
Helmet	The representation of a helmet over shields or coats of arms, denoting gradations of rank by modifications of form.
Helmet	A helmet-shaped hat, made of cork, felt, metal, or other suitable material, worn as part of the uniform of soldiers, firemen, etc., also worn in hot countries as a protection from the heat of the sun.
Helmet	That which resembles a helmet in form, position, etc.
Helmet	The upper part of a retort.
Helmet	The hood-formed upper sepal or petal of some flowers, as of the monkshood or the snapdragon.
Helmet	A naked shield or protuberance on the top or fore part of the head of a bird.
Helmeted	Wearing a helmet; furnished with or having a helmet or helmet-shaped part; galeate.
Helmet-shaped	Shaped like a helmet; galeate. See Illust. of Galeate.
Helminth	An intestinal worm, or wormlike intestinal parasite; one of the Helminthes.
Helminthagogue	A vermifuge.
Helminthes	One of the grand divisions or branches of the animal kingdom. It is a large group including a vast number of species, most of which are parasitic. Called also Enthelminthes, Enthelmintha.
Helminthiasis	A disease in which worms are present in some part of the body.
Helminthic	Of or relating to worms, or Helminthes; expelling worms.
Helminthic	A vermifuge; an anthelmintic.
Helminthite	One of the sinuous tracks on the surfaces of many stones, and popularly considered as worm trails.
Helminthoid	Wormlike; vermiform.
Helminthologic	Alt. of Helminthological
Helminthological	Of or pertaining to helminthology.
Helminthologist	One versed in helminthology.
Helminthology	The natural history, or study, of worms, esp. parasitic worms.
Helmless	Destitute of a helmet.
Helmless	Without a helm or rudder.
Helmsmen	of Helmsman
Helmsman	The man at the helm; a steersman.
Helmwind	A wind attending or presaged by the cloud called helm.
Helot	A slave in ancient Sparta; a Spartan serf; hence, a slave or serf.
Helotism	The condition of the Helots or slaves in Sparta; slavery.
Helotry	The Helots, collectively; slaves; bondsmen.
Helped	of Help
Holp	of Help
Holpen	of Help
Helping	of Help
Help	To furnish with strength or means for the successful performance of any action or the attainment of any object; to aid; to assist; as, to help a man in his work; to help one to remember; -- the following infinitive is commonly used without to; as, "Help me scale yon balcony."
Help	To furnish with the means of deliverance from trouble; as, to help one in distress; to help one out of prison.
Help	To furnish with relief, as in pain or disease; to be of avail against; -- sometimes with of before a word designating the pain or disease, and sometimes having such a word for the direct object.
Help	To change for the better; to remedy.
Help	To prevent; to hinder; as, the evil approaches, and who can help it?
Help	To forbear; to avoid.
Help	To wait upon, as the guests at table, by carving and passing food.
Help	To lend aid or assistance; to contribute strength or means; to avail or be of use; to assist.
Help	Strength or means furnished toward promoting an object, or deliverance from difficulty or distress; aid; ^; also, the person or thing furnishing the aid; as, he gave me a help of fifty dollars.
Help	Remedy; relief; as, there is no help for it.
Help	A helper; one hired to help another; also, thew hole force of hired helpers in any business.
Help	Specifically, a domestic servant, man or woman.
Helper	One who, or that which, helps, aids, assists, or relieves; as, a lay helper in a parish.
Helpful	Furnishing help; giving aid; assistant; useful; salutary.
Helpless	Destitute of help or strength; unable to help or defend one's self; needing help; feeble; weak; as, a helpless infant.
Helpless	Beyond help; irremediable.
Helpless	Bringing no help; unaiding.
Helpless	Unsupplied; destitute; -- with of.
Helpmate	A helper; a companion; specifically, a wife.
Helpmeet	A wife; a helpmate.
Helter-skelter	In hurry and confusion; without definite purpose; irregularly.
Helve	The handle of an ax, hatchet, or adze.
Helve	The lever at the end of which is the hammer head, in a forge hammer.
Helve	A forge hammer which is lifted by a cam acting on the helve between the fulcrum and the head.
Helved	of Helve
Helving	of Helve
Helve	To furnish with a helve, as an ax.
Helvetian	Same as Helvetic.
Helvetian	A Swiss; a Switzer.
Helvetic	Of or pertaining to the Helvetii, the ancient inhabitant of the Alps, now Switzerland, or to the modern states and inhabitant of the Alpine regions; as, the Helvetic confederacy; Helvetic states.
Helvine	Alt. of Helvite
Helvite	A mineral of a yellowish color, consisting chiefly of silica, glucina, manganese, and iron, with a little sulphur.
Hem	Them
Hem	An onomatopoetic word used as an expression of hesitation, doubt, etc. It is often a sort of voluntary half cough, loud or subdued, and would perhaps be better expressed by hm.
Hem	An utterance or sound of the voice, hem or hm, often indicative of hesitation or doubt, sometimes used to call attention.
Hem	To make the sound expressed by the word hem; hence, to hesitate in speaking.
Hem	The edge or border of a garment or cloth, doubled over and sewed, to strengthen raveling.
Hem	Border; edge; margin.
Hem	A border made on sheet-metal ware by doubling over the edge of the sheet, to stiffen it and remove the sharp edge.
Hemmed	of Hem
Hemming	of Hem
Hem	To form a hem or border to; to fold and sew down the edge of.
Hem	To border; to edge
Hema-	Same as Haema-.
Hemachate	A species of agate, sprinkled with spots of red jasper.
Hemachrome	Same as Haemachrome.
Hemacite	A composition made from blood, mixed with mineral or vegetable substances, used for making buttons, door knobs, etc.
Hemadrometer	Alt. of Hemadromometer
Hemadromometer	An instrument for measuring the velocity with which the blood moves in the arteries.
Hemadrometry	Alt. of Hemadromometry
Hemadromometry	The act of measuring the velocity with which the blood circulates in the arteries; haemotachometry.
Hemadynamics	The principles of dynamics in their application to the blood; that part of science which treats of the motion of the blood.
Hemadynamometer	An instrument by which the pressure of the blood in the arteries, or veins, is measured by the height to which it will raise a column of mercury; -- called also a haemomanometer.
Hemal	Relating to the blood or blood vessels; pertaining to, situated in the region of, or on the side with, the heart and great blood vessels; -- opposed to neural.
Hemaphaein	Same as Haemaphaein.
Hemapophyses	of Hemapophysis
Hemapophysis	The second element in each half of a hemal arch, corresponding to the sternal part of a rib.
Hemastatic	Alt. of Hemastatical
Hemastatical	Same as Hemostatic.
Hemastatics	Laws relating to the equilibrium of the blood in the blood vessels.
Hematachometer	Same as Haematachometer.
Hematein	A reddish brown or violet crystalline substance, C16H12O6, got from hematoxylin by partial oxidation, and regarded as analogous to the phthaleins.
Hematemesis	A vomiting of blood.
Hematherm	A warm-blooded animal.
Hemathermal	Warm-blooded; hematothermal.
Hematic	Same as Haematic.
Hematic	A medicine designed to improve the condition of the blood.
Hematin	Hematoxylin.
Hematin	A bluish black, amorphous substance containing iron and obtained from blood. It exists the red blood corpuscles united with globulin, and the form of hemoglobin or oxyhemoglobin gives to the blood its red color.
Hematinometer	A form of hemoglobinometer.
Hematinometric	Relating to the measurement of the amount of hematin or hemoglobin contained in blood, or other fluids.
Hematinon	A red consisting of silica, borax, and soda, fused with oxide of copper and iron, and used in enamels, mosaics, etc.
Hematite	An important ore of iron, the sesquioxide, so called because of the red color of the powder. It occurs in splendent rhombohedral crystals, and in massive and earthy forms; -- the last called red ocher. Called also specular iron, oligist iron, rhombohedral iron ore, and bloodstone. See Brown hematite, under Brown.
Hematitic	Of or pertaining to hematite, or resembling it.
Hemato	See Haema-.
Hematocele	A tumor filled with blood.
Hematocrya	The cold-blooded vertebrates, that is, all but the mammals and birds; -- the antithesis to Hematotherma.
Hematocrystallin	See Hemoglobin.
Hematoid	Resembling blood.
Hematoidin	A crystalline or amorphous pigment, free from iron, formed from hematin in old blood stains, and in old hemorrhages in the body. It resembles bilirubin. When present in the corpora lutea it is called haemolutein.
Hematology	The science which treats of the blood.
Hematoma	A circumscribed swelling produced by an effusion of blood beneath the skin.
Hematophilia	A condition characterized by a tendency to profuse and uncontrollable hemorrhage from the slightest wounds.
Hematosin	The hematin of blood.
Hematosis	Sanguification; the conversion of chyle into blood.
Hematosis	The arterialization of the blood in the lungs; the formation of blood in general; haematogenesis.
Hematotherma	The warm-blooded vertebrates, comprising the mammals and birds; -- the antithesis to hematocrya.
Hematothermal	Warm-blooded.
Hematoxylin	Haematoxylin.
Hematuria	Passage of urine mingled with blood.
Hemautography	The obtaining of a curve similar to a pulse curve or sphygmogram by allowing the blood from a divided artery to strike against a piece of paper.
Hemelytra	of Hemelytrum
Hemelytron	Alt. of Hemelytrum
Hemelytrum	One of the partially thickened anterior wings of certain insects, as of many Hemiptera, the earwigs, etc.
Hemeralopia	A disease of the eyes, in consequence of which a person can see clearly or without pain only by daylight or a strong artificial light; day sight.
Hemerobian	A neuropterous insect of the genus Hemerobius, and allied genera.
Hemerobid	Of relating to the hemerobians.
Hemerocallis	A genus of plants, some species of which are cultivated for their beautiful flowers; day lily.
Hemi-	A prefix signifying half.
Hemialbumin	Same as Hemialbumose.
Hemialbumose	An albuminous substance formed in gastric digestion, and by the action of boiling dilute acids on albumin. It is readily convertible into hemipeptone. Called also hemialbumin.
Hemianaesthesia	Anaesthesia upon one side of the body.
Hemibranchi	An order of fishes having an incomplete or reduced branchial apparatus. It includes the sticklebacks, the flutemouths, and Fistularia.
Hemicardia	A lateral half of the heart, either the right or left.
Hemicarp	One portion of a fruit that spontaneously divides into halves.
Hemicerebrum	A lateral half of the cerebrum.
Hemicollin	See Semiglutin.
Hemicrania	A pain that affects only one side of the head.
Hemicrany	Hemicranis.
Hemicycle	A half circle; a semicircle.
Hemicycle	A semicircular place, as a semicircular arena, or room, or part of a room.
Hemidactyl	Any species of Old World geckoes of the genus Hemidactylus. The hemidactyls have dilated toes, with two rows of plates beneath.
Hemi-demi-semiquaver	A short note, equal to one fourth of a semiquaver, or the sixty-fourth part of a whole note.
Hemiditone	The lesser third.
Hemigamous	Having one of the two florets in the same spikelet neuter, and the other unisexual, whether male or female; -- said of grasses.
Hemiglyph	The half channel or groove in the edge of the triglyph in the Doric order.
Hemihedral	Having half of the similar parts of a crystals, instead of all; consisting of half the planes which full symmetry would require, as when a cube has planes only on half of its eight solid angles, or one plane out of a pair on each of its edges; or as in the case of a tetrahedron, which is hemihedral to an octahedron, it being contained under four of the planes of an octahedron.
Hemihedrism	The property of crystallizing hemihedrally.
Hemihedron	A solid hemihedrally derived. The tetrahedron is a hemihedron.
Hemiholohedral	Presenting hemihedral forms, in which half the sectants have the full number of planes.
Hemimellitic	Having half as many (three) carboxyl radicals as mellitic acid; -- said of an organic acid.
Hemimetabola	Those insects which have an incomplete metamorphosis.
Hemimetabolic	Having an incomplete metamorphosis, the larvae differing from the adults chiefly in laking wings, as in the grasshoppers and cockroaches.
Hemimorphic	Having the two ends modified with unlike planes; -- said of a crystal.
Hemin	A substance, in the form of reddish brown, microscopic, prismatic crystals, formed from dried blood by the action of strong acetic acid and common salt; -- called also Teichmann's crystals. Chemically, it is a hydrochloride of hematin.
Heminae	of Hemina
Hemina	A measure of half a sextary.
Hemina	A measure equal to about ten fluid ounces.
Hemionus	A wild ass found in Thibet; the kiang.
Hemiopia	Alt. of Hemiopsia
Hemiopsia	A defect of vision in consequence of which a person sees but half of an object looked at.
Hemiorthotype	Same as Monoclinic.
Hemipeptone	A product of the gastric and pancreatic digestion of albuminous matter.
Hemiplegia	A palsy that affects one side only of the body.
Hemiplegy	Hemiplegia.
Hemipode	Any bird of the genus Turnix. Various species inhabit Asia, Africa, and Australia.
Hemiprotein	An insoluble, proteid substance, described by Schutzenberger, formed when albumin is heated for some time with dilute sulphuric acid. It is apparently identical with antialbumid and dyspeptone.
Hemipter	One of the Hemiptera.
Hemiptera	An order of hexapod insects having a jointed proboscis, including four sharp stylets (mandibles and maxillae), for piercing. In many of the species (Heteroptera) the front wings are partially coriaceous, and different from the others.
Hemipteral	Alt. of Hemipterous
Hemipterous	Of or pertaining to the Hemiptera.
Hemipteran	One of the Hemiptera; an hemipter.
Hemisected	of Hemisect
Hemisecting	of Hemisect
Hemisect	To divide along the mesial plane.
Hemisection	A division along the mesial plane; also, one of the parts so divided.
Hemisphere	A half sphere; one half of a sphere or globe, when divided by a plane passing through its center.
Hemisphere	Half of the terrestrial globe, or a projection of the same in a map or picture.
Hemisphere	The people who inhabit a hemisphere.
Hemispheric	Alt. of Hemispherical
Hemispherical	Containing, or pertaining to, a hemisphere; as, a hemispheric figure or form; a hemispherical body.
Hemispheroid	A half of a spheroid.
Hemispheroidal	Resembling, or approximating to, a hemisphere in form.
Hemispherule	A half spherule.
Hemistich	Half a poetic verse or line, or a verse or line not completed.
Hemistichal	Pertaining to, or written in, hemistichs; also, by, or according to, hemistichs; as, a hemistichal division of a verse.
Hemisystole	Contraction of only one ventricle of the heart.
Hemitone	See Semitone.
Hemitropal	Alt. of Hemitropous
Hemitropous	Turned half round; half inverted.
Hemitropous	Having the raphe terminating about half way between the chalaza and the orifice; amphitropous; -- said of an ovule.
Hemitrope	Half turned round; half inverted; (Crystallog.) having a twinned structure.
Hemitrope	That which is hemitropal in construction; (Crystallog.) a twin crystal having a hemitropal structure.
Hemitropy	Twin composition in crystals.
Hemlock	The name of several poisonous umbelliferous herbs having finely cut leaves and small white flowers, as the Cicuta maculata, bulbifera, and virosa, and the Conium maculatum. See Conium.
Hemlock	An evergreen tree common in North America (Abies, / Tsuga, Canadensis); hemlock spruce.
Hemlock	The wood or timber of the hemlock tree.
Hemmel	A shed or hovel for cattle.
Hemmer	One who, or that which, hems with a needle.
Hemmer	An attachment to a sewing machine, for turning under the edge of a piece of fabric, preparatory to stitching it down.
Hemmer	A tool for turning over the edge of sheet metal to make a hem.
Hemo-	Same as Haema-, Haemo-.
Hemoglobin	The normal coloring matter of the red blood corpuscles of vertebrate animals. It is composed of hematin and globulin, and is also called haematoglobulin. In arterial blood, it is always combined with oxygen, and is then called oxyhemoglobin. It crystallizes under different forms from different animals, and when crystallized, is called haematocrystallin. See Blood crystal, under Blood.
Hemoglobinometer	Same as Haemochromometer.
Hemophilia	See Hematophilia.
Hemoptysis	The expectoration of blood, due usually to hemorrhage from the mucous membrane of the lungs.
Hemorrhage	Any discharge of blood from the blood vessels.
Hemorrhagic	Pertaining or tending to a flux of blood; consisting in, or accompanied by, hemorrhage.
Hemorrhoidal	Of or pertaining to, or of the nature of, hemorrhoids.
Hemorrhoidal	Of or pertaining to the rectum; rectal; as, the hemorrhoidal arteries, veins, and nerves.
Hemorrhoids	Livid and painful swellings formed by the dilation of the blood vessels around the margin of, or within, the anus, from which blood or mucus is occasionally discharged; piles; emerods.
Hemostatic	Of or relating to stagnation of the blood.
Hemostatic	Serving to arrest hemorrhage; styptic.
Hemostatic	A medicine or application to arrest hemorrhage.
Hemoothorax	An effusion of blood into the cavity of the pleura.
Hemp	A plant of the genus Cannabis (C. sativa), the fibrous skin or bark of which is used for making cloth and cordage. The name is also applied to various other plants yielding fiber.
Hemp	The fiber of the skin or rind of the plant, prepared for spinning. The name has also been extended to various fibers resembling the true hemp.
Hempen	Made of hemp; as, a hempen cord.
Hempen	Like hemp.
Hempy	Like hemp.
Hemself	Alt. of Hemselven
Hemselven	Themselves; -- used reflexively.
Hemstitched	of Hemstitch
Hemstitching	of Hemstitch
Hemstitch	To ornament at the head of a broad hem by drawing out a few parallel threads, and fastening the cross threads in successive small clusters; as, to hemstitch a handkerchief.
Hemstitched	Having a broad hem separated from the body of the article by a line of open work; as, a hemistitched handkerchief.
Hemuse	The roebuck in its third year.
Hen	The female of the domestic fowl; also, the female of grouse, pheasants, or any kind of birds; as, the heath hen; the gray hen.
Henbane	A plant of the genus Hyoscyamus (H. niger). All parts of the plant are poisonous, and the leaves are used for the same purposes as belladonna. It is poisonous to domestic fowls; whence the name. Called also, stinking nightshade, from the fetid odor of the plant. See Hyoscyamus.
Henbit	A weed of the genus Lamium (L. amplexicaule) with deeply crenate leaves.
Hence	From this place; away.
Hence	From this time; in the future; as, a week hence.
Hence	From this reason; as an inference or deduction.
Hence	From this source or origin.
Hence	To send away.
Henceforth	From this time forward; henceforward.
Henceforward	From this time forward; henceforth.
Henchboy	A page; a servant.
-men	of Henchman
Henchman	An attendant; a servant; a follower. Now chiefly used as a political cant term.
Hencoop	A coop or cage for hens.
Hende	Skillful; dexterous; clever.
Hende	Friendly; civil; gentle; kind.
Hendecagon	A plane figure of eleven sides and eleven angles.
Hendecane	A hydrocarbon, C11H24, of the paraffin series; -- so called because it has eleven atoms of carbon in each molecule. Called also endecane, undecane.
Hendecasyllabic	Pertaining to a line of eleven syllables.
Hendecasyllable	A metrical line of eleven syllables.
Hendecatoic	Undecylic; pertaining to, or derived from, hendecane; as, hendecatoic acid.
Hendiadys	A figure in which the idea is expressed by two nouns connected by and, instead of by a noun and limiting adjective; as, we drink from cups and gold, for golden cups.
Hendy	See Hende.
Henen	Hence.
Henfish	A marine fish; the sea bream.
Henfish	A young bib. See Bib, n., 2.
Heng	Hung.
Hen-hearted	Cowardly; timid; chicken-hearted.
Henhouses	of Henhouse
Henhouse	A house or shelter for fowls.
Henhussy	A cotquean; a man who intermeddles with women's concerns.
Heniquen	See Jeniquen.
Henna	A thorny tree or shrub of the genus Lawsonia (L. alba). The fragrant white blossoms are used by the Buddhists in religious ceremonies. The powdered leaves furnish a red coloring matter used in the East to stain the hails and fingers, the manes of horses, etc.
Henna	The leaves of the henna plant, or a preparation or dyestuff made from them.
Hennery	An inclosed place for keeping hens.
Hennes	Hence.
Hennotannic	Pertaining to, or designating, a brown resinous substance resembling tannin, and extracted from the henna plant; as, hennotannic acid.
Henoge ny	Alt. of Henogenesis
Henogenesis	Same as Ontogeny.
Henotheism	Primitive religion in which each of several divinities is regarded as independent, and is worshiped without reference to the rest.
Henotic	Harmonizing; irenic.
Henpecked	of Henpeck
Henpecking	of Henpeck
Henpeck	To subject to petty authority; -- said of a wife who thus treats her husband. Commonly used in the past participle (often adjectively).
Henroost	A place where hens roost.
Henrys	of Henry
Henry	The unit of electric induction; the induction in a circuit when the electro-motive force induced in this circuit is one volt, while the inducing current varies at the rate of one ampere a second.
Hen's-foot	An umbelliferous plant (Caucalis daucoides).
Hente	of Hent
Hent	of Hent
Hent	To seize; to lay hold on; to catch; to get.
Henware	A coarse, blackish seaweed. See Badderlocks.
Henxman	Henchman.
Hep	See Hip, the fruit of the dog-rose.
Hepar	Liver of sulphur; a substance of a liver-brown color, sometimes used in medicine. It is formed by fusing sulphur with carbonates of the alkalies (esp. potassium), and consists essentially of alkaline sulphides. Called also hepar sulphuris (/).
Hepar	Any substance resembling hepar proper, in appearance; specifically, in homeopathy, calcium sulphide, called also hepar sulphuris calcareum (/).
Hepatic	Of or pertaining to the liver; as, hepatic artery; hepatic diseases.
Hepatic	Resembling the liver in color or in form; as, hepatic cinnabar.
Hepatic	Pertaining to, or resembling, the plants called Hepaticae, or scale mosses and liverworts.
Hepaticae	of Hepatica
Hepatica	A genus of pretty spring flowers closely related to Anemone; squirrel cup.
Hepatica	Any plant, usually procumbent and mosslike, of the cryptogamous class Hepaticae; -- called also scale moss and liverwort. See Hepaticae, in the Supplement.
Hepatical	Hepatic.
Hepatite	A variety of barite emitting a fetid odor when rubbed or heated.
Hepatitis	Inflammation of the liver.
Hepatization	Impregnating with sulphureted hydrogen gas.
Hepatization	Conversion into a substance resembling the liver; a state of the lungs when gorged with effused matter, so that they are no longer pervious to the air.
Hepatized	of Hepatize
Hepatizing	of Hepatize
Hepatize	To impregnate with sulphureted hydrogen gas, formerly called hepatic gas.
Hepatize	To gorge with effused matter, as the lungs.
Hepatocele	Hernia of the liver.
Hepatocystic	Of or pertaining to the liver and gall bladder; as, the hepatocystic ducts.
Hepatogastric	See Gastrohepatic.
Hepatogenic	Alt. of Hepatogenous
Hepatogenous	Arising from the liver; due to a condition of the liver; as, hepatogenic jaundice.
Hepatology	The science which treats of the liver; a treatise on the liver.
Hepato-pancreas	A digestive gland in Crustacea, Mollusca, etc., usually called the liver, but different from the liver of vertebrates.
Hepatorenal	Of or pertaining to the liver and kidneys; as, the hepatorenal ligament.
Hepatoscopy	Divination by inspecting the liver of animals.
Heppen	Neat; fit; comfortable.
Hepper	A young salmon; a parr.
Hepta	A combining form from Gr. "epta`, seven.
Heptachord	A system of seven sounds.
Heptachord	A lyre with seven chords.
Heptachord	A composition sung to the sound of seven chords or tones.
Heptad	An atom which has a valence of seven, and which can be theoretically combined with, substituted for, or replaced by, seven monad atoms or radicals; as, iodine is a heptad in iodic acid. Also used as an adjective.
Heptade	The sum or number of seven.
Heptaglot	A book in seven languages.
Heptagon	A plane figure consisting of seven sides and having seven angles.
Heptagonal	Having seven angles or sides.
Heptagynia	A Linnaean order of plants having seven pistils.
Heptagynian	Alt. of Heptagynous
Heptagynous	Having seven pistils.
Heptahedron	A solid figure with seven sides.
Heptamerous	Consisting of seven parts, or having the parts in sets of sevens.
Heptandria	A Linnaean class of plants having seven stamens.
Heptandrian	Alt. of Heptandrous
Heptandrous	Having seven stamens.
Heptane	Any one of several isometric hydrocarbons, C7H16, of the paraffin series (nine are possible, four are known); -- so called because the molecule has seven carbon atoms. Specifically, a colorless liquid, found as a constituent of petroleum, in the tar oil of cannel coal, etc.
Heptangular	Having seven angles.
Heptaphyllous	Having seven leaves.
Heptarch	Same as Heptarchist.
Heptarchic	Of or pertaining to a heptarchy; constituting or consisting of a heptarchy.
Heptarchist	A ruler of one division of a heptarchy.
Heptarchy	A government by seven persons; also, a country under seven rulers.
Heptaspermous	Having seven seeds.
Heptastich	A composition consisting of seven lines or verses.
Heptateuch	The first seven books of the Testament.
Heptavalent	Having seven units of attractive force or affinity; -- said of heptad elements or radicals.
Heptene	Same as Heptylene.
Heptine	Any one of a series of unsaturated metameric hydrocarbons, C7H12, of the acetylene series.
Heptoic	Pertaining to, or derived from, heptane; as, heptoic acid.
Heptone	A liquid hydrocarbon, C7H10, of the valylene series.
Hep tree	The wild dog-rose.
Heptyl	A compound radical, C7H15, regarded as the essential radical of heptane and a related series of compounds.
Heptylene	A colorless liquid hydrocarbon, C7H14, of the ethylene series; also, any one of its isomers. Called also heptene.
Heptylic	Pertaining to, or derived from, heptyl or heptane; as, heptylic alcohol.  Cf. /nanthylic.
Her	The form of the objective and the possessive case of the personal pronoun she; as, I saw her with her purse out.
Her	Alt. of Here
Here	Of them; their.
Heracleonite	A follower of Heracleon of Alexandria, a Judaizing Gnostic, in the early history of the Christian church.
Herakline	A picrate compound, used as an explosive in blasting.
Herald	An officer whose business was to denounce or proclaim war, to challenge to battle, to proclaim peace, and to bear messages from the commander of an army. He was invested with a sacred and inviolable character.
Herald	In the Middle Ages, the officer charged with the above duties, and also with the care of genealogies, of the rights and privileges of noble families, and especially of armorial bearings. In modern times, some vestiges of this office remain, especially in England. See Heralds' College (below), and King-at-Arms.
Herald	A proclaimer; one who, or that which, publishes or announces; as, the herald of another's fame.
Herald	A forerunner; a a precursor; a harbinger.
Herald	Any messenger.
Heralded	of Herald
Heralding	of Herald
Herald	To introduce, or give tidings of, as by a herald; to proclaim; to announce; to foretell; to usher in.
Heraldic	Of or pertaining to heralds or heraldry; as, heraldic blazoning; heraldic language.
Heraldically	In an heraldic manner; according to the rules of heraldry.
Heraldry	The art or office of a herald; the art, practice, or science of recording genealogies, and blazoning arms or ensigns armorial; also, of marshaling cavalcades, processions, and public ceremonies.
Heraldship	The office of a herald.
Herapathite	The sulphate of iodoquinine, a substance crystallizing in thin plates remarkable for their effects in polarizing light.
Heraud	A herald.
Herb	A plant whose stem does not become woody and permanent, but dies, at least down to the ground, after flowering.
Herb	Grass; herbage.
Herbaceous	Of or pertaining to herbs; having the nature, texture, or characteristics, of an herb; as, herbaceous plants; an herbaceous stem.
Herbage	Herbs collectively; green food beasts; grass; pasture.
Herbage	The liberty or right of pasture in the forest or in the grounds of another man.
Herbaged	Covered with grass.
Herbal	Of or pertaining to herbs.
Herbal	A book containing the names and descriptions of plants.
Herbal	A collection of specimens of plants, dried and preserved; a hortus siccus; an herbarium.
Herbalism	The knowledge of herbs.
Herbalist	One skilled in the knowledge of plants; a collector of, or dealer in, herbs, especially medicinal herbs.
Herbar	An herb.
Herbarian	A herbalist.
Herbarist	A herbalist.
Herbariums	of Herbarium
Herbaria	of Herbarium
Herbarium	A collection of dried specimens of plants, systematically arranged.
Herbarium	A book or case for preserving dried plants.
Herbarize	See Herborize.
Herbary	A garden of herbs; a cottage garden.
Herber	A garden; a pleasure garden.
Herbergage	Harborage; lodging; shelter; harbor.
Herbergeour	A harbinger.
Herbergh	Alt. of Herberwe
Herberwe	A harbor.
Herbescent	Growing into herbs.
Herbid	Covered with herbs.
Herbiferous	Bearing herbs or vegetation.
Herbist	A herbalist.
Herbivora	An extensive division of Mammalia. It formerly included the Proboscidea, Hyracoidea, Perissodactyla, and Artiodactyla, but by later writers it is generally restricted to the two latter groups (Ungulata). They feed almost exclusively upon vegetation.
Herbivore	One of the Herbivora.
Herbivorous	Eating plants; of or pertaining to the Herbivora.
Herbless	Destitute of herbs or of vegetation.
Herblet	A small herb.
Herborist	A herbalist.
Herborization	The act of herborizing.
Herborization	The figure of plants in minerals or fossils.
Herborized	of Herborize
Herborizing	of Herborize
Herborize	To search for plants, or new species of plants, with a view to classifying them.
Herborize	To form the figures of plants in; -- said in reference to minerals. See Arborized.
Herborough	A harbor.
Herbose	Alt. of Herbous
Herbous	Abounding with herbs.
Herb-women	of Herb-woman
Herb-woman	A woman that sells herbs.
Herby	Having the nature of, pertaining to, or covered with, herbs or herbage.
Hercogamous	Not capable of self-fertilization; -- said of hermaphrodite flowers in which some structural obstacle forbids autogamy.
Herculean	Requiring the strength of Hercules; hence, very great, difficult, or dangerous; as, an Herculean task.
Herculean	Having extraordinary strength or size; as, Herculean limbs.
Hercules	A hero, fabled to have been the son of Jupiter and Alcmena, and celebrated for great strength, esp. for the accomplishment of his twelve great tasks or "labors."
Hercules	A constellation in the northern hemisphere, near Lyra.
Hercynian	Of or pertaining to an extensive forest in Germany, of which there are still portions in Swabia and the Hartz mountains.
Herd	Haired.
Herd	A number of beasts assembled together; as, a herd of horses, oxen, cattle, camels, elephants, deer, or swine; a particular stock or family of cattle.
Herd	A crowd of low people; a rabble.
Herd	One who herds or assembles domestic animals; a herdsman; -- much used in composition; as, a shepherd; a goatherd, and the like.
Herded	of Herd
Herding	of Herd
Herd	To unite or associate in a herd; to feed or run together, or in company; as, sheep herd on many hills.
Herd	To associate; to ally one's self with, or place one's self among, a group or company.
Herd	To act as a herdsman or a shepherd.
Herd	To form or put into a herd.
Herdbook	A book containing the list and pedigrees of one or more herds of choice breeds of cattle; -- also called herd record, or herd register.
Herder	A herdsman.
Herderite	A rare fluophosphate of glucina, in small white crystals.
Herdess	A shepherdess; a female herder.
Herdgroom	A herdsman.
Herdic	A kind of low-hung cab.
-men	of Herdsman
Herdman	Alt. of Herdsman
Herdsman	The owner or keeper of a herd or of herds; one employed in tending a herd of cattle.
women	of Herdswoman
Herdswoman	A woman who tends a herd.
Here	Hair.
Here	See Her, their.
Here	Her; hers. See Her.
Here	In this place; in the place where the speaker is; -- opposed to there.
Here	In the present life or state.
Here	To or into this place; hither. [Colloq.] See Thither.
Here	At this point of time, or of an argument; now.
Herea-bout	Alt. of Hereabouts
Hereabouts	About this place; in this vicinity.
Hereabouts	Concerning this.
Hereafter	In time to come; in some future time or state.
Hereafter	A future existence or state.
Hereafterward	Hereafter.
Here-at	At, or by reason of, this; as, he was offended hereat.
Hereby	By means of this.
Hereby	Close by; very near.
Hereditability	State of being hereditable.
Hereditable	Capable of being inherited. See Inheritable.
Hereditable	Qualified to inherit; capable of inheriting.
Hereditably	By inheritance.
Hereditament	Any species of property that may be inherited; lands, tenements, anything corporeal or incorporeal, real, personal, or mixed, that may descend to an heir.
Hereditarily	By inheritance; in an hereditary manner.
Hereditary	Descended, or capable of descending, from an ancestor to an heir at law; received or passing by inheritance, or that must pass by inheritance; as, an hereditary estate or crown.
Hereditary	Transmitted, or capable of being transmitted, as a constitutional quality or condition from a parent to a child; as, hereditary pride, bravery, disease.
Heredity	Hereditary transmission of the physical and psychical qualities of parents to their offspring; the biological law by which living beings tend to repeat their characteristics in their descendants. See Pangenesis.
Hereford	One of a breed of cattle originating in Herefordshire, England. The Herefords are good working animals, and their beef-producing quality is excellent.
Herehence	From hence.
Herein	In this.
Hereinafter	In the following part of this (writing, document, speech, and the like).
Hereinbefore	In the preceding part of this (writing, document, book, etc.).
Hereinto	Into this.
Heremit	Alt. of Heremite
Heremite	A hermit.
Heremitical	Of or pertaining to a hermit; solitary; secluded from society.
Heren	Made of hair.
Hereof	Of this; concerning this; from this; hence.
Hereon	On or upon this; hereupon.
Hereout	Out of this.
Heresiarch	A leader in heresy; the chief of a sect of heretics.
Heresiarchy	A chief or great heresy.
Heresiographer	One who writes on heresies.
Heresiography	A treatise on heresy.
Heresies	of Heresy
Heresy	An opinion held in opposition to the established or commonly received doctrine, and tending to promote a division or party, as in politics, literature, philosophy, etc.; -- usually, but not necessarily, said in reproach.
Heresy	Religious opinion opposed to the authorized doctrinal standards of any particular church, especially when tending to promote schism or separation; lack of orthodox or sound belief; rejection of, or erroneous belief in regard to, some fundamental religious doctrine or truth; heterodoxy.
Heresy	An offense against Christianity, consisting in a denial of some essential doctrine, which denial is publicly avowed, and obstinately maintained.
Heretic	One who holds to a heresy; one who believes some doctrine contrary to the established faith or prevailing religion.
Heretic	One who having made a profession of Christian belief, deliberately and pertinaciously refuses to believe one or more of the articles of faith "determined by the authority of the universal church."
Heretical	Containing heresy; of the nature of, or characterized by, heresy.
Heretically	In an heretical manner.
Hereticate	To decide to be heresy or a heretic; to denounce as a heretic or heretical.
Heretification	The act of hereticating or pronouncing heretical.
Hereto	To this; hereunto.
Heretoch	Alt. of Heretog
Heretog	The leader or commander of an army; also, a marshal.
Heretofore	Up to this time; hitherto; before; in time past.
Hereunto	Unto this; up to this time; hereto.
Hereupon	On this; hereon.
Herewith	With this.
Herie	To praise; to worship.
Heriot	Formerly, a payment or tribute of arms or military accouterments, or the best beast, or chattel, due to the lord on the death of a tenant; in modern use, a customary tribute of goods or chattels to the lord of the fee, paid on the decease of a tenant.
Heriotable	Subject to the payment of a heriot.
Herisson	A beam or bar armed with iron spikes, and turning on a pivot; -- used to block up a passage.
Heritability	The state of being heritable.
Heritable	Capable of being inherited or of passing by inheritance; inheritable.
Heritable	Capable of inheriting or receiving by inheritance.
Heritage	That which is inherited, or passes from heir to heir; inheritance.
Heritage	A possession; the Israelites, as God's chosen people; also, a flock under pastoral charge.
Heritance	Heritage; inheritance.
Heritor	A proprietor or landholder in a parish.
Herl	Same as Harl, 2.
Herling	Alt. of Hirling
Hirling	The young of the sea trout.
Hermae	of Herma
Herma	See Hermes, 2.
Hermaphrodeity	Hermaphrodism.
Hermaphrodism	See Hermaphroditism.
Hermaphrodite	An individual which has the attributes of both male and female, or which unites in itself the two sexes; an animal or plant having the parts of generation of both sexes, as when a flower contains both the stamens and pistil within the same calyx, or on the same receptacle. In some cases reproduction may take place without the union of the distinct individuals. In the animal kingdom true hermaphrodites are found only among the invertebrates. See Illust. in Appendix, under Helminths.
Hermaphrodite	Including, or being of, both sexes; as, an hermaphrodite animal or flower.
Hermaphroditic	Alt. of Hermaphroditical
Hermaphroditical	Partaking of the characteristics of both sexes; characterized by hermaphroditism.
Hermaphroditism	The union of the two sexes in the same individual, or the combination of some of their characteristics or organs in one individual.
Hermeneutic	Alt. of Hermeneutical
Hermeneutical	Unfolding the signification; of or pertaining to interpretation; exegetical; explanatory; as, hermeneutic theology, or the art of expounding the Scriptures; a hermeneutic phrase.
Hermeneutically	According to the principles of interpretation; as, a verse of Scripture was examined hermeneutically.
Hermeneutics	The science of interpretation and explanation; exegesis; esp., that branch of theology which defines the laws whereby the meaning of the Scriptures is to be ascertained.
Hermes	See Mercury.
Hermes	Originally, a boundary stone dedicated to Hermes as the god of boundaries, and therefore bearing in some cases a head, or head and shoulders, placed upon a quadrangular pillar whose height is that of the body belonging to the head, sometimes having feet or other parts of the body sculptured upon it. These figures, though often representing Hermes, were used for other divinities, and even, in later times, for portraits of human beings. Called also herma. See Terminal statue, under Terminal.
Hermetic	Alt. of Hermetical
Hermetical	Of, pertaining to, or taught by, Hermes Trismegistus; as, hermetic philosophy. Hence: Alchemical; chemic.
Hermetical	Of or pertaining to the system which explains the causes of diseases and the operations of medicine on the principles of the hermetic philosophy, and which made much use, as a remedy, of an alkali and an acid; as, hermetic medicine.
Hermetical	Made perfectly close or air-tight by fusion, so that no gas or spirit can enter or escape; as, an hermetic seal. See Note under Hermetically.
Hermetically	In an hermetical manner; chemically.
Hermetically	By fusion, so as to form an air-tight closure.
Hermit	A person who retires from society and lives in solitude; a recluse; an anchoret; especially, one who so lives from religious motives.
Hermit	A beadsman; one bound to pray for another.
Hermitage	The habitation of a hermit; a secluded residence.
Hermitage	A celebrated French wine, both white and red, of the Department of Drome.
Hermitary	A cell annexed to an abbey, for the use of a hermit.
Hermitess	A female hermit.
Hermitical	Pertaining to, or suited for, a hermit.
Hermodactyl	A heart-shaped bulbous root, about the size of a finger, brought from Turkey, formerly used as a cathartic.
Hermogenian	A disciple of Hermogenes, an heretical teacher who lived in Africa near the close of the second century. He held matter to be the fountain of all evil, and that souls and spirits are formed of corrupt matter.
Hern	A heron; esp., the common European heron.
Hernani	A thin silk or woolen goods, for women's dresses, woven in various styles and colors.
Herne	A corner.
Hernias	of Hernia
Herniae	of Hernia
Hernia	A protrusion, consisting of an organ or part which has escaped from its natural cavity, and projects through some natural or accidental opening in the walls of the latter; as, hernia of the brain, of the lung, or of the bowels. Hernia of the abdominal viscera in most common. Called also rupture.
Hernial	Of, or connected with, hernia.
Herniotomy	A cutting for the cure or relief of hernia; celotomy.
Hernshaw	Heronshaw.
Heroes	of Hero
Hero	An illustrious man, supposed to be exalted, after death, to a place among the gods; a demigod, as Hercules.
Hero	A man of distinguished valor or enterprise in danger, or fortitude in suffering; a prominent or central personage in any remarkable action or event; hence, a great or illustrious person.
Hero	The principal personage in a poem, story, and the like, or the person who has the principal share in the transactions related; as Achilles in the Iliad, Ulysses in the Odyssey, and Aeneas in the Aeneid.
Herodian	One of a party among the Jews, composed of partisans of Herod of Galilee. They joined with the Pharisees against Christ.
Herodiones	A division of wading birds, including the herons, storks, and allied forms. Called also Herodii.
Heroess	A heroine.
Heroic	Of or pertaining to, or like, a hero; of the nature of heroes; distinguished by the existence of heroes; as, the heroic age; an heroic people; heroic valor.
Heroic	Worthy of a hero; bold; daring; brave; illustrious; as, heroic action; heroic enterprises.
Heroic	Larger than life size, but smaller than colossal; -- said of the representation of a human figure.
Heroical	Heroic.
Heroicness	Heroism.
Heroicomic	Alt. of Heroicomical
Heroicomical	Combining the heroic and the ludicrous; denoting high burlesque; as, a heroicomic poem.
Heroine	A woman of an heroic spirit.
Heroine	The principal female person who figures in a remarkable action, or as the subject of a poem or story.
Heroism	The qualities characteristic of a hero, as courage, bravery, fortitude, unselfishness, etc.; the display of such qualities.
Heron	Any wading bird of the genus Ardea and allied genera, of the family Ardeidae. The herons have a long, sharp bill, and long legs and toes, with the claw of the middle toe toothed. The common European heron (Ardea cinerea) is remarkable for its directly ascending flight, and was formerly hunted with the larger falcons.
Heroner	A hawk used in hunting the heron.
Heronry	A place where herons breed.
Heronsew	A heronshaw.
Heronshaw	A heron.
Heroologist	One who treats of heroes.
Heroship	The character or personality of a hero.
Herpes	An eruption of the skin, taking various names, according to its form, or the part affected; especially, an eruption of vesicles in small distinct clusters, accompanied with itching or tingling, including shingles, ringworm, and the like; -- so called from its tendency to creep or spread from one part of the skin to another.
Herpetic	Pertaining to, or resembling, the herpes; partaking of the nature of herpes; as, herpetic eruptions.
Herpetism	See Dartrous diathesis, under Dartrous.
Herpetologic	Alt. of Herpetological
Herpetological	Pertaining to herpetology.
Herpetologist	One versed in herpetology, or the natural history of reptiles.
Herpetology	The natural history of reptiles; that branch of zoology which relates to reptiles, including their structure, classification, and habits.
Herpetotomist	One who dissects, or studies the anatomy of, reptiles.
Herpetotomy	The anatomy or dissection of reptiles.
Herr	A title of respect given to gentlemen in Germany, equivalent to the English Mister.
Herring	One of various species of fishes of the genus Clupea, and allied genera, esp. the common round or English herring (C. harengus) of the North Atlantic. Herrings move in vast schools, coming in spring to the shores of Europe and America, where they are salted and smoked in great quantities.
Herringbone	Pertaining to, or like, the spine of a herring; especially, characterized by an arrangement of work in rows of parallel lines, which in the alternate rows slope in different directions.
Herrnhuter	One of the Moravians; -- so called from the settlement of Herrnhut (the Lord's watch) made, about 1722, by the Moravians at the invitation of Nicholas Lewis, count of Zinzendorf, upon his estate in the circle of Bautzen.
Hers	See the Note under Her, pron.
Hersal	Rehearsal.
Herschel	See Uranus.
Herschelian	Of or relating to Sir William Herschel; as, the Herschelian telescope.
Herse	A kind of gate or portcullis, having iron bars, like a harrow, studded with iron spikes. It is hung above gateways so that it may be quickly lowered, to impede the advance of an enemy.
Herse	See Hearse, a carriage for the dead.
Herse	A funeral ceremonial.
Herse	Same as Hearse, v. t.
Herself	An emphasized form of the third person feminine pronoun; -- used as a subject with she; as, she herself will bear the blame; also used alone in the predicate, either in the nominative or objective case; as, it is herself; she blames herself.
Herself	Her own proper, true, or real character; hence, her right, or sane, mind; as, the woman was deranged, but she is now herself again; she has come to herself.
Hersillon	A beam with projecting spikes, used to make a breach impassable.
Hert	A hart.
Herte	A heart.
Hertely	Hearty; heartily.
Hery	To worship; to glorify; to praise.
Hesitancy	The act of hesitating, or pausing to consider; slowness in deciding; vacillation; also, the manner of one who hesitates.
Hesitancy	A stammering; a faltering in speech.
Hesitant	Not prompt in deciding or acting; hesitating.
Hesitant	Unready in speech.
Hesitantly	With hesitancy or doubt.
Hesitated	of Hesitate
Hesitating	of Hesitate
Hesitate	To stop or pause respecting decision or action; to be in suspense or uncertainty as to a determination; as, he hesitated whether to accept the offer or not; men often hesitate in forming a judgment.
Hesitate	To stammer; to falter in speaking.
Hesitate	To utter with hesitation or to intimate by a reluctant manner.
Hesitatingly	With hesitation or doubt.
Hesitation	The act of hesitating; suspension of opinion or action; doubt; vacillation.
Hesitation	A faltering in speech; stammering.
Hesitative	Showing, or characterized by, hesitation.
Hesitatory	Hesitating.
Hesp	A measure of two hanks of linen thread.
Hesper	The evening; Hesperus.
Hesperetin	A white, crystalline substance having a sweetish taste, obtained by the decomposition of hesperidin, and regarded as a complex derivative of caffeic acid.
Hesperian	Western; being in the west; occidental.
Hesperian	A native or an inhabitant of a western country.
Hesperian	Of or pertaining to a family of butterflies called Hesperidae, or skippers.
Hesperian	Any one of the numerous species of Hesperidae; a skipper.
Hesperid	Same as 3d Hesperian.
Hesperidene	An isomeric variety of terpene from orange oil.
Hesperides	The daughters of Hesperus, or Night (brother of Atlas), and fabled possessors of a garden producing golden apples, in Africa, at the western extremity of the known world. To slay the guarding dragon and get some of these apples was one of the labors of Hercules. Called also Atlantides.
Hesperides	The garden producing the golden apples.
Hesperidin	A glucoside found in ripe and unripe fruit (as the orange), and extracted as a white crystalline substance.
Hesperidium	A large berry with a thick rind, as a lemon or an orange.
Hesperornis	A genus of large, extinct, wingless birds from the Cretaceous deposits of Kansas, belonging to the Odontornithes. They had teeth, and were essentially carnivorous swimming ostriches. Several species are known. See Illust. in Append.
Hesperus	Venus when she is the evening star; Hesper.
Hesperus	Evening.
Hessian	Of or relating to Hesse, in Germany, or to the Hessians.
Hessian	A native or inhabitant of Hesse.
Hessian	A mercenary or venal person.
Hessian	See Hessian boots and cloth, under Hessian, a.
Hessite	A lead-gray sectile mineral. It is a telluride of silver.
Hest	Command; precept; injunction.
Hestern	Alt. of Hesternal
Hesternal	Pertaining to yesterday. [Obs.] See Yester, a.
Hesychast	One of a mystical sect of the Greek Church in the fourteenth century; a quietist.
Hetairism	Alt. of Hetarism
Hetarism	A supposed primitive state of society, in which all the women of a tribe were held in common.
Hetchel	Same as Hatchel.
Hete	of Hete
Het	of Hete
Hete	Variant of Hote.
Heteracanth	Having the spines of the dorsal fin unsymmetrical, or thickened alternately on the right and left sides.
Heterarchy	The government of an alien.
Heterauxesis	Unequal growth of a cell, or of a part of a plant.
Hetero-	A combining form signifying other, other than usual, different; as, heteroclite, heterodox, heterogamous.
Heterocarpism	The power of producing two kinds of reproductive bodies, as in Amphicarpaea, in which besides the usual pods, there are others underground.
Heterocarpous	Characterized by heterocarpism.
Hetercephalous	Bearing two kinds of heads or capitula; -- said of certain composite plants.
Heterocera	A division of Lepidoptera, including the moths, and hawk moths, which have the antennae variable in form.
Heterocercal	Having the vertebral column evidently continued into the upper lobe of the tail, which is usually longer than the lower one, as in sharks.
Heterocercy	Unequal development of the tail lobes of fishes; the possession of a heterocercal tail.
Heterochromous	Having the central florets of a flower head of a different color from those of the circumference.
Heterochronism	Alt. of Heterochrony
Heterochrony	In evolution, a deviation from the typical sequence in the formation of organs or parts.
Heteroclite	Deviating from ordinary forms or rules; irregular; anomalous; abnormal.
Heteroclite	A word which is irregular or anomalous either in declension or conjugation, or which deviates from ordinary forms of inflection in words of a like kind; especially, a noun which is irregular in declension.
Heteroclite	Any thing or person deviating from the common rule, or from common forms.
Heteroclitic	Alt. of Heteroclitical
Heteroclitical	Deviating from ordinary forms or rules; irregular; anomalous; abnormal.
Heteroclitous	Heteroclitic.
Heterocyst	A cell larger than the others, and of different appearance, occurring in certain algae related to nostoc.
Heterodactyl	Heterodactylous.
Heterodactyl	One of the Heterodactylae.
Heterodactylae	A group of birds including the trogons.
Heterodactylous	Having the first and second toes turned backward, as in the trogons.
Heterodont	Having the teeth differentiated into incisors, canines, and molars, as in man; -- opposed to homodont.
Heterodont	Any animal with heterodont dentition.
Heterodox	Contrary to, or differing from, some acknowledged standard, as the Bible, the creed of a church, the decree of a council, and the like; not orthodox; heretical; -- said of opinions, doctrines, books, etc., esp. upon theological subjects.
Heterodox	Holding heterodox opinions, or doctrines not orthodox; heretical; -- said of persons.
Heterodox	An opinion opposed to some accepted standard.
Heterodoxal	Not orthodox.
Heterodoxy	An opinion or doctrine, or a system of doctrines, contrary to some established standard of faith, as the Scriptures, the creed or standards of a church, etc.; heresy.
Heterodromous	Having spirals of changing direction.
Heterodromous	Moving in opposite directions; -- said of a lever, pulley, etc., in which the resistance and the actuating force are on opposite sides of the fulcrum or axis.
Heterogamous	The condition of having two or more kinds of flowers which differ in regard to stamens and pistils, as in the aster.
Heterogamous	Characterized by heterogamy.
Heterogamy	The process of fertilization in plants by an indirect or circuitous method; -- opposed to orthogamy.
Heterogamy	That form of alternate generation in which two kinds of sexual generation, or a sexual and a parthenogenetic generation, alternate; -- in distinction from metagenesis, where sexual and asexual generations alternate.
Heterogangliate	Having the ganglia of the nervous system unsymmetrically arranged; -- said of certain invertebrate animals.
Heterogene	Heterogenous.
Heterogeneal	Heterogeneous.
Heterogeneity	The state of being heterogeneous; contrariety.
Heterogeneous	Differing in kind; having unlike qualities; possessed of different characteristics; dissimilar; -- opposed to homogeneous, and said of two or more connected objects, or of a conglomerate mass, considered in respect to the parts of which it is made up.
Heterogenesis	Spontaneous generation, so called.
Heterogenesis	That method of reproduction in which the successive generations differ from each other, the parent organism producing offspring different in habit and structure from itself, the original form, however, reappearing after one or more generations; -- opposed to homogenesis, or gamogenesis.
Heterogenetic	Relating to heterogenesis; as, heterogenetic transformations.
Heterogenist	One who believes in the theory of spontaneous generation, or heterogenesis.
Heterogenous	Of or pertaining to heterogenesis; heterogenetic.
Heterogeny	Heterogenesis.
Heterogonous	Characterized by heterogony.
Heterogony	The condition of having two or more kinds of flowers, different as to the length of their stamens and pistils.
Heterographic	Employing the same letters to represent different sounds in different words or syllables; -- said of methods of spelling; as, the ordinary English orthography is heterographic.
Heterography	That method of spelling in which the same letters represent different sounds in different words, as in the ordinary English orthography; e. g., g in get and in ginger.
Heterogynous	Having females very unlike the males in form and structure; -- as certain insects, the males of which are winged, and the females wingless.
Heterologous	Characterized by heterology; consisting of different elements, or of like elements in different proportions; different; -- opposed to homologous; as, heterologous organs.
Heterology	The absence of correspondence, or relation, in type of structure; lack of analogy between parts, owing to their being composed of different elements, or of like elements in different proportions; variation in structure from the normal form; -- opposed to homology.
Heterology	The connection or relation of bodies which have partial identity of composition, but different characteristics and properties; the relation existing between derivatives of the same substance, or of the analogous members of different series; as, ethane, ethyl alcohol, acetic aldehyde, and acetic acid are in heterology with each other, though each in at the same time a member of a distinct homologous series.  Cf. Homology.
Heteromera	A division of Coleoptera, having heteromerous tarsi.
Heteromerous	Unrelated in chemical composition, though similar or indentical in certain other respects; as, borax and augite are homoemorphous, but heteromerous.
Heteromerous	With the parts not corresponding in number.
Heteromerous	Having the femoral artery developed as the principal artery of the leg; -- said of certain birds, as the cotingas and pipras.
Heteromerous	Having five tarsal joints in the anterior and middle legs, but only four in the posterior pair, as the blister beetles and oil beetles.
Heteromorphic	Deviating from the normal, perfect, or mature form; having different forms at different stages of existence, or in different individuals of the same species; -- applied especially to insects in which there is a wide difference of form between the larva and the adult, and to plants having more than one form of flower.
Heteromorphism	Alt. of Heteromorphy
Heteromorphy	The state or quality of being heteromorphic.
Heteromorphous	Heteromorphic.
Heteromyaria	A division of bivalve shells, including the marine mussels, in which the two adductor muscles are very unequal. See Dreissena, and Illust. under Byssus.
Heteronereis	A free-swimming, dimorphic, sexual form of certain species of Nereis.
Heteronomous	Subject to the law of another.
Heteronomy	Subordination or subjection to the law of another; political subjection of a community or state; -- opposed to autonomy.
Heteronomy	A term applied by Kant to those laws which are imposed on us from without, or the violence done to us by our passions, wants, or desires.
Heteronym	That which is heteronymous; a thing having a different name or designation from some other thing; -- opposed to homonym.
Heteronymous	Having different names or designations; standing in opposite relations.
Heteroousian	Having different essential qualities; of a different nature.
Heteroousian	One of those Arians who held that the Son was of a different substance from the Father.
Heteroousious	See Heteroousian.
Heteropathic	Of or pertaining to the method of heteropathy; allopathic.
Heteropathy	That mode of treating diseases, by which a morbid condition is removed by inducing an opposite morbid condition to supplant it; allopathy.
Heteropelmous	Having each of the two flexor tendons of the toes bifid, the branches of one going to the first and second toes; those of the other, to the third and fourth toes. See Illust. in Append.
Heterophagi	Altrices.
Heterophemist	One liable to the fault of heterophemy.
Heterophemy	The unconscious saying, in speech or in writing, of that which one does not intend to say; -- frequently the very reverse of the thought which is present to consciousness.
Heterophony	An abnormal state of the voice.
Heterophyllous	Having leaves of more than one shape on the same plant.
Heteroplasm	An abnormal formation foreign to the economy, and composed of elements different from those are found in it in its normal condition.
Heteroplastic	Producing a different type of organism; developing into a different form of tissue, as cartilage which develops into bone.
Heteropod	One of the Heteropoda.
Heteropod	Heteropodous.
Heteropoda	An order of pelagic Gastropoda, having the foot developed into a median fin. Some of the species are naked; others, as Carinaria and Atlanta, have thin glassy shells.
Heteropodous	Of or pertaining to the Heteropoda.
Heteropter	One of the Heteroptera.
Heteroptera	A suborder of Hemiptera, in which the base of the anterior wings is thickened. See Hemiptera.
Heteroptics	False optics.
Heteroscian	One who lives either north or south of the tropics, as contrasted with one who lives on the other side of them; -- so called because at noon the shadows always fall in opposite directions (the one northward, the other southward).
Heterosis	A figure of speech by which one form of a noun, verb, or pronoun, and the like, is used for another, as in the sentence: "What is life to such as me?"
Heterosomati	An order of fishes, comprising the flounders, halibut, sole, etc., having the body and head asymmetrical, with both eyes on one side. Called also Heterosomata, Heterosomi.
Heterosporic	Alt. of Heterosporous
Heterosporous	Producing two kinds of spores unlike each other.
Heterostyled	Having styles of two or more distinct forms or lengths.
Heterostylism	The condition of being heterostyled.
Heterotactous	Relating to, or characterized by, heterotaxy.
Heterotaxy	Variation in arrangement from that existing in a normal form; heterogenous arrangement or structure, as, in botany, the deviation in position of the organs of a plant, from the ordinary or typical arrangement.
Heterotopism	Alt. of Heterotopy
Heterotopy	A deviation from the natural position; -- a term applied in the case of organs or growths which are abnormal in situation.
Heterotopy	A deviation from the natural position of parts, supposed to be effected in thousands of years, by the gradual displacement of germ cells.
Heterotricha	A division of ciliated Infusoria, having fine cilia all over the body, and a circle of larger ones around the anterior end.
Heterotropal	Alt. of Heterotropous
Heterotropous	Having the embryo or ovule oblique or transverse to the funiculus; amphitropous.
Hething	Contempt; scorn.
Hetmans	of Hetman
Hetman	A Cossack headman or general. The title of chief hetman is now held by the heir to the throne of Russia.
Heugh	A crag; a cliff; a glen with overhanging sides.
Heugh	A shaft in a coal pit; a hollow in a quarry.
Heuk	Variant of Huke.
Heulandite	A mineral of the Zeolite family, often occurring in amygdaloid, in foliated masses, and also in monoclinic crystals with pearly luster on the cleavage face. It is a hydrous silicate of alumina and lime.
Heuristic	Serving to discover or find out.
Heved	The head.
Hewed	of Hew
Hewed	of Hew
Hewn	of Hew
Hewing	of Hew
Hew	To cut with an ax; to fell with a sharp instrument; -- often with down, or off.
Hew	To form or shape with a sharp instrument; to cut; hence, to form laboriously; -- often with out; as, to hew out a sepulcher.
Hew	To cut in pieces; to chop; to hack.
Hew	Destruction by cutting down.
Hew	Hue; color.
Hew	Shape; form.
Hewe	A domestic servant; a retainer.
Hewer	One who hews.
Hewhole	The European green woodpecker. See Yaffle.
Hewn	Felled, cut, or shaped as with an ax; roughly squared; as, a house built of hewn logs.
Hewn	Roughly dressed as with a hammer; as, hewn stone.
Hex-	Alt. of Hexa
Hexa	A prefix or combining form, used to denote six, sixth, etc.; as, hexatomic, hexabasic.
Hexabasic	Having six hydrogen atoms or six radicals capable of being replaced or saturated by bases; -- said of acids; as, mellitic acid is hexabasic.
Hexacapsular	Having six capsules or seed vessels.
Hexachord	A series of six notes, with a semitone between the third and fourth, the other intervals being whole tones.
Hexacid	Having six atoms or radicals capable of being replaced by acids; hexatomic; hexavalent; -- said of bases; as, mannite is a hexacid base.
Hexactinellid	Having six-rayed spicules; belonging to the Hexactinellinae.
Hexactinelline	Belonging to the Hexactinellinae, a group of sponges, having six-rayed siliceous spicules.
Hexactinia	The Anthozoa.
Hexad	An atom whose valence is six, and which can be theoretically combined with, substituted for, or replaced by, six monad atoms or radicals; as, sulphur is a hexad in sulphuric acid. Also used as an adjective.
Hexadactylous	Having six fingers or toes.
Hexade	A series of six numbers.
Hexadecane	See Hecdecane.
Hexagon	A plane figure of six angles.
Hexagonal	Having six sides and six angles; six-sided.
Hexagonally	In an hexagonal manner.
Hexagony	A hexagon.
Hexagynia	A Linnaean order of plants having six pistils.
Hexagynian	Alt. of Hexagynous
Hexagynous	Having six pistils.
Hexahedral	In the form of a hexahedron; having six sides or faces.
Hexahedrons	of Hexahedron
Hexahedra	of Hexahedron
Hexahedron	A solid body of six sides or faces.
Hexahemeron	A term of six days.
Hexahemeron	The history of the six day's work of creation, as contained in the first chapter of Genesis.
Hexamerous	In six parts; in sixes.
Hexameter	A verse of six feet, the first four of which may be either dactyls or spondees, the fifth must regularly be a dactyl, and the sixth always a spondee. In this species of verse are composed the Iliad of Homer and the Aeneid of Virgil. In English hexameters accent takes the place of quantity.
Hexameter	Having six metrical feet, especially dactyls and spondees.
Hexametric	Alt. of Hexametrical
Hexametrical	Consisting of six metrical feet.
Hexametrist	One who writes in hexameters.
Hexandria	A Linnaean class of plants having six stamens.
Hexandrian	Alt. of Hex-androus
Hex-androus	Having six stamens.
Hexane	Any one of five hydrocarbons, C6H14, of the paraffin series. They are colorless, volatile liquids, and are so called because the molecule has six carbon atoms.
Hexangular	Having six angles or corners.
Hexapetalous	Having six petals.
Hexaphyllous	Having six leaves or leaflets.
Hexapla	A collection of the Holy Scriptures in six languages or six versions in parallel columns; particularly, the edition of the Old Testament published by Origen, in the 3d century.
Hexapod	Having six feet.
Hexapod	An animal having six feet; one of the Hexapoda.
Hexapoda	The true, or six-legged, insects; insects other than myriapods and arachnids.
Hexapodous	Having six feet; belonging to the Hexapoda.
Hexapterous	Having six processes.
Hexastich	Alt. of Hexastichon
Hexastichon	A poem consisting of six verses or lines.
Hexastyle	Having six columns in front; -- said of a portico or temple.
Hexastyle	A hexastyle portico or temple.
Hexateuch	The first six books of the Old Testament.
Hexatomic	Having six atoms in the molecule.
Hexatomic	Having six replaceable radicals.
Hexavalent	Having a valence of six; -- said of hexads.
Hexdecyl	The essential radical, C16H33, of hecdecane.
Hexdecylic	Pertaining to, or derived from, hexdecyl or hecdecane; as, hexdecylic alcohol.
Hexeikosane	A hydrocarbon, C26H54, resembling paraffine; -- so called because each molecule has twenty-six atoms of carbon.
Hexene	Same as Hexylene.
Hexicology	The science which treats of the complex relations of living creatures to other organisms, and to their surrounding conditions generally.
Hexine	A hydrocarbon, C6H10, of the acetylene series, obtained artificially as a colorless, volatile, pungent liquid; -- called also hexoylene.
Hexoctahedron	A solid having forty-eight equal triangular faces.
Hexoic	Pertaining to, or derived from, hexane; as, hexoic acid.
Hexone	A liquid hydrocarbon, C6H8, of the valylene series, obtained from distillation products of certain fats and gums.
Hexyl	A compound radical, C6H13, regarded as the essential residue of hexane, and a related series of compounds.
Hexylene	A colorless, liquid hydrocarbon, C6H12, of the ethylene series, produced artificially, and found as a natural product of distillation of certain coals; also, any one several isomers of hexylene proper. Called also hexene.
Hexylic	Pertaining to, or derived from, hexyl or hexane; as, hexylic alcohol.
Hey	High.
Hey	An exclamation of joy, surprise, or encouragement.
Hey	A cry to set dogs on.
Heyday	An expression of frolic and exultation, and sometimes of wonder.
Heyday	The time of triumph and exultation; hence, joy, high spirits, frolicsomeness; wildness.
Heydeguy	A kind of country-dance or round.
Heyh	Alt. of Heygh
Heygh	High.
Heyne	A wretch; a rascal.
Heyten	Hence.
Hiation	Act of gaping.
Hiatus	of Hiatus
Hiatuses	of Hiatus
Hiatus	An opening; an aperture; a gap; a chasm; esp., a defect in a manuscript, where some part is lost or effaced; a space where something is wanting; a break.
Hiatus	The concurrence of two vowels in two successive words or syllables.
Hibernacle	That which serves for protection or shelter in winter; winter quarters; as, the hibernacle of an animal or a plant.
Hibernaculum	A winter bud, in which the rudimentary foliage or flower, as of most trees and shrubs in the temperate zone, is protected by closely overlapping scales.
Hibernaculum	A little case in which certain insects pass the winter.
Hibernaculum	Winter home or abiding place.
Hibernal	Belonging or relating to winter; wintry; winterish.
Hibernated	of Hibernate
Hibernating	of Hibernate
Hibernate	To winter; to pass the season of winter in close quarters, in a torpid or lethargic state, as certain mammals, reptiles, and insects.
Hibernation	The act or state of hibernating.
Hibernian	Of or pertaining to Hibernia, now Ireland; Irish.
Hibernian	A native or an inhabitant of Ireland.
Hibernicism	Alt. of Hibernianism
Hibernianism	An idiom or mode of speech peculiar to the Irish.
Hiberno-Celtic	The native language of the Irish; that branch of the Celtic languages spoken by the natives of Ireland. Also adj.
Hibiscus	A genus of plants (herbs, shrubs, or trees), some species of which have large, showy flowers. Some species are cultivated in India for their fiber, which is used as a substitute for hemp. See Althea, Hollyhock, and Manoe.
Hiccius doctius	A juggler.
Hiccough	A modified respiratory movement; a spasmodic inspiration, consisting of a sudden contraction of the diaphragm, accompanied with closure of the glottis, so that further entrance of air is prevented, while the impulse of the column of air entering and striking upon the closed glottis produces a sound, or hiccough.
Hiccoughed	of Hiccough
Hiccoughing	of Hiccough
Hiccough	To have a hiccough or hiccoughs.
Hickory	An American tree of the genus Carya, of which there are several species. The shagbark is the C. alba, and has a very rough bark; it affords the hickory nut of the markets.  The pignut, or brown hickory, is the C. glabra. The swamp hickory is C. amara, having a nut whose shell is very thin and the kernel bitter.
Hicksite	A member or follower of the "liberal" party, headed by Elias Hicks, which, because of a change of views respecting the divinity of Christ and the Atonement, seceded from the conservative portion of the Society of Friends in the United States, in 1827.
Hickup	See Hiccough.
Hickwall	Alt. of Hickway
Hickway	The lesser spotted woodpecker (Dendrocopus minor) of Europe.
Hid	imp. & p. p. of Hide. See Hidden.
Hidage	A tax formerly paid to the kings of England for every hide of land.
Hidalgo	A title, denoting a Spanish nobleman of the lower class.
Hidden	from Hide. Concealed; put out of view; secret; not known; mysterious.
Hiddenite	An emerald-green variety of spodumene found in North Carolina; lithia emerald, -- used as a gem.
Hiddenly	In a hidden manner.
Hid	of Hide
Hidden	of Hide
Hid	of Hide
Hiding	of Hide
Hide	To conceal, or withdraw from sight; to put out of view; to secrete.
Hide	To withhold from knowledge; to keep secret; to refrain from avowing or confessing.
Hide	To remove from danger; to shelter.
Hide	To lie concealed; to keep one's self out of view; to be withdrawn from sight or observation.
Hide	An abode or dwelling.
Hide	A measure of land, common in Domesday Book and old English charters, the quantity of which is not well ascertained, but has been differently estimated at 80, 100, and 120 acres.
Hide	The skin of an animal, either raw or dressed; -- generally applied to the undressed skins of the larger domestic animals, as oxen, horses, etc.
Hide	The human skin; -- so called in contempt.
Hided	of Hide
Hiding	of Hide
Hide	To flog; to whip.
Hidebound	Having the skin adhering so closely to the ribs and back as not to be easily loosened or raised; -- said of an animal.
Hidebound	Having the bark so close and constricting that it impedes the growth; -- said of trees.
Hidebound	Untractable; bigoted; obstinately and blindly or stupidly conservative.
Hidebound	Niggardly; penurious.
Hideous	Frightful, shocking, or offensive to the eyes; dreadful to behold; as, a hideous monster; hideous looks.
Hideous	Distressing or offensive to the ear; exciting terror or dismay; as, a hideous noise.
Hideous	Hateful; shocking.
Hider	One who hides or conceals.
Hiding	The act of hiding or concealing, or of withholding from view or knowledge; concealment.
Hiding	A flogging.
Hied	of Hie
Hying	of Hie
Hie	To hasten; to go in haste; -- also often with the reciprocal pronoun.
Hie	Haste; diligence.
Hiems	Winter.
Hierapicra	A warming cathartic medicine, made of aloes and canella bark.
Hierarch	One who has high and controlling authority in sacred things; the chief of a sacred order; as, princely hierarchs.
Hierarchal	Alt. of Hierarchic
Hierarchic	Pertaining to a hierarch.
Hierarchical	Pertaining to a hierarchy.
Hierarchism	The principles or authority of a hierarchy.
Hierarchies	of Hierarchy
Hierarchy	Dominion or authority in sacred things.
Hierarchy	A body of officials disposed organically in ranks and orders each subordinate to the one above it; a body of ecclesiastical rulers.
Hierarchy	A form of government administered in the church by patriarchs, metropolitans, archbishops, bishops, and, in an inferior degree, by priests.
Hierarchy	A rank or order of holy beings.
Hieratic	Consecrated to sacred uses; sacerdotal; pertaining to priests.
Hierocracy	Government by ecclesiastics; a hierarchy.
Hieroglyph	Alt. of Hieroglyphic
Hieroglyphic	A sacred character; a character in picture writing, as of the ancient Egyptians, Mexicans, etc. Specifically, in the plural, the picture writing of the ancient Egyptian priests. It is made up of three, or, as some say, four classes of characters: first, the hieroglyphic proper, or figurative, in which the representation of the object conveys the idea of the object itself; second, the ideographic, consisting of symbols representing ideas, not sounds, as an ostrich feather is a symbol of truth; third, the phonetic, consisting of symbols employed as syllables of a word, or as letters of the alphabet, having a certain sound, as a hawk represented the vowel a.
Hieroglyphic	Any character or figure which has, or is supposed to have, a hidden or mysterious significance; hence, any unintelligible or illegible character or mark.
Hieroglyphic	Alt. of Hieroglyphical
Hieroglyphical	Emblematic; expressive of some meaning by characters, pictures, or figures; as, hieroglyphic writing; a hieroglyphic obelisk.
Hieroglyphical	Resembling hieroglyphics; not decipherable.
Hieroglyphically	In hieroglyphics.
Hieroglyphist	One versed in hieroglyphics.
Hierogram	A form of sacred or hieratic writing.
Hierogrammatic	Written in, or pertaining to, hierograms; expressive of sacred writing.
Hierogrammatist	A writer of hierograms; also, one skilled in hieroglyphics.
Hierographic	Alt. of Hierographical
Hierographical	Of or pertaining to sacred writing.
Hierography	Sacred writing.
Hierolatry	The worship of saints or sacred things.
Hierologic	Alt. of Hierological
Hierological	Pertaining to hierology.
Hierologist	One versed in, or whostudies, hierology.
Hierology	A treatise on sacred things; especially, the science which treats of the ancient writings and inscriptions of the Egyptians, or a treatise on that science.
Hieromancy	Divination by observing the objects offered in sacrifice.
Hiermartyr	A priest who becomes a martyr.
Hieromnemon	The sacred secretary or recorder sent by each state belonging to the Amphictyonic Council, along with the deputy or minister.
Hieromnemon	A magistrate who had charge of religious matters, as at Byzantium.
Hieron	A consecrated place; esp., a temple.
Hieronymite	See Jeronymite.
Hierophant	The presiding priest who initiated candidates at the Eleusinian mysteries; hence, one who teaches the mysteries and duties of religion.
Hierophantic	Of or relating to hierophants or their teachings.
Hieroscopy	Divination by inspection of entrails of victims offered in sacrifice.
-cae	of Hierotheca
Hierotheca	A receptacle for sacred objects.
Hierourgy	A sacred or holy work or worship.
Hifalutin	See Highfaluting.
Higgled	of Higgle
Higgling	of Higgle
Higgle	To hawk or peddle provisions.
Higgle	To chaffer; to stickle for small advantages in buying and selling; to haggle.
Higgledy-piggledy	In confusion; topsy-turvy.
Higgler	One who higgles.
High	To hie.
High	Elevated above any starting point of measurement, as a line, or surface; having altitude; lifted up; raised or extended in the direction of the zenith; lofty; tall; as, a high mountain, tower, tree; the sun is high.
High	Regarded as raised up or elevated; distinguished; remarkable; conspicuous; superior; -- used indefinitely or relatively, and often in figurative senses, which are understood from the connection
High	Elevated in character or quality, whether moral or intellectual; preeminent; honorable; as, high aims, or motives.
High	Exalted in social standing or general estimation, or in rank, reputation, office, and the like; dignified; as, she was welcomed in the highest circles.
High	Of noble birth; illustrious; as, of high family.
High	Of great strength, force, importance, and the like; strong; mighty; powerful; violent; sometimes, triumphant; victorious; majestic, etc.; as, a high wind; high passions.
High	Very abstract; difficult to comprehend or surmount; grand; noble.
High	Costly; dear in price; extravagant; as, to hold goods at a high price.
High	Arrogant; lofty; boastful; proud; ostentatious; -- used in a bad sense.
High	Possessing a characteristic quality in a supreme or superior degree; as, high (i. e., intense) heat; high (i. e., full or quite) noon; high (i. e., rich or spicy) seasoning; high (i. e., complete) pleasure; high (i. e., deep or vivid) color; high (i. e., extensive, thorough) scholarship, etc.
High	Strong-scented; slightly tainted; as, epicures do not cook game before it is high.
High	Acute or sharp; -- opposed to grave or low; as, a high note.
High	Made with a high position of some part of the tongue in relation to the palate, as / (/ve), / (f/d). See Guide to Pronunciation, // 10, 11.
High	In a high manner; in a high place; to a great altitude; to a great degree; largely; in a superior manner; eminently; powerfully.
High	An elevated place; a superior region; a height; the sky; heaven.
High	People of rank or high station; as, high and low.
High	The highest card dealt or drawn.
High	To rise; as, the sun higheth.
Highbinder	A ruffian; one who hounds, or spies upon, another; app. esp. to the members of certain alleged societies among the Chinese.
High-blown	Inflated, as with conceit.
Highborn	Of noble birth.
High-bred	Bred in high life; of pure blood.
High-built	Of lofty structure; tall.
High-church	Of or pertaining to, or favoring, the party called the High Church, or their doctrines or policy. See High Church, under High, a.
High-churchism	The principles of the high-church party.
-men	of High-churchman
High-churchman	One who holds high-church principles.
High-churchman-ship	The state of being a high-churchman.
High-colored	Having a strong, deep, or glaring color; flushed.
High-colored	Vivid; strong or forcible in representation; hence, exaggerated; as, high-colored description.
High-embowed 	Having lofty arches.
Highering	Rising higher; ascending.
Highfaluting	High-flown, bombastic language.
High-fed	Pampered; fed luxuriously.
High-finished	Finished with great care; polished.
Highflier	One who is extravagant in pretensions, opinions, or manners.
High-flown	Elevated; proud.
High-flown	Turgid; extravagant; bombastic; inflated; as, high-flown language.
High-flushed	Elated.
Highflying	Extravagant in opinions or ambition.
High-go	A spree; a revel.
High-handed	Overbearing; oppressive; arbitrary; violent; as, a high-handed act.
High-hearted	Full of courage or nobleness; high-souled.
High-hoe	The European green woodpecker or yaffle.
High-holder	The flicker; -- called also high-hole.
Highland	Elevated or mountainous land; (often in the pl.) an elevated region or country; as, the Highlands of Scotland.
Highlander	An inhabitant of highlands, especially of the Highlands of Scotland.
Highlandry	Highlanders, collectively.
High-low	A laced boot, ankle high.
Highly	In a high manner, or to a high degree; very much; as, highly esteemed.
Highmen	Loaded dice so contrived as to turn up high numbers.
High-mettled	Having abundance of mettle; ardent; full of fire; as, a high-mettled steed.
High-minded	Proud; arrogant.
High-minded	Having, or characterized by, honorable pride; of or pertaining to elevated principles and feelings; magnanimous; -- opposed to mean.
High-mindedness	The quality of being highminded; nobleness; magnanimity.
Highmost	Highest.
Highness	The state of being high; elevation; loftiness.
Highness	A title of honor given to kings, princes, or other persons of rank; as, His Royal Highness.
High-palmed	Having high antlers; bearing full-grown antlers aloft.
High-pressure	Having or involving a pressure greatly exceeding that of the atmosphere; -- said of steam, air, water, etc., and of steam, air, or hydraulic engines, water wheels, etc.
High-pressure	Fig.: Urgent; intense; as, a high-pressure business or social life.
High priest	A chief priest; esp., the head of the Jewish priesthood.
High-priesthood	The office, dignity, or position of a high priest.
High-priestship	High-priesthood.
High-principled	Possessed of noble or honorable principles.
High-proof	Highly rectified; very strongly alcoholic; as, high-proof spirits.
High-proof	So as to stand any test.
High-raised	Elevated; raised aloft; upreared.
High-raised	Elated with great ideas or hopes.
High-reaching	Reaching high or upward; hence, ambitious; aspiring.
High-red	Of a strong red color.
Highroad	A highway; a much traveled or main road.
High-seasoned	Enriched with spice and condiments; hence, exciting; piquant.
High-sighted	Looking upward; supercilious.
High-souled	Having a high or noble spirit; honorable.
High-sounding	Pompous; noisy; ostentatious; as, high-sounding words or titles.
High-spirited	Full of spirit or natural fire; haughty; courageous; impetuous; not brooking restraint or opposition.
High-stepper	A horse that moves with a high step or proud gait; hence, a person having a proud bearing.
High-stomached	Having a lofty spirit; haughty.
High-strung	Strung to a high pitch; spirited; sensitive; as, a high-strung horse.
High-swelling	Inflated; boastful.
Hight	A variant of Height.
Hight	of Hight
Hot	of Hight
Hight	of Hight
Hote	of Hight
Hoten	of Hight
Hight	To be called or named.
Hight	To command; to direct; to impel.
Hight	To commit; to intrust.
Hight	To promise.
Hightener	That which heightens.
Highth	Variant of Height.
High-toned	High in tone or sound.
High-toned	Elevated; high-principled; honorable.
High-top	A ship's masthead.
Highty-tighty	Hoity-toity.
Highway	A road or way open to the use of the public; a main road or thoroughfare.
Highwaymen	of Highwayman
Highwayman	One who robs on the public road; a highway robber.
High-wrought	Wrought with fine art or skill; elaborate.
High-wrought	Worked up, or swollen, to a high degree; as, a highwrought passion.
Higre	See Eagre.
Hig-taper	A plant of the genus Verbascum (V. Thapsus); the common mullein. [Also high-taper and hag-taper.]
Hijera	Alt. of Hijra
Hijra	See Hegira.
Hilal	Of or pertaining to a hilum.
Hilar	Belonging to the hilum.
Hilarious	Mirthful; noisy; merry.
Hilarity	Boisterous mirth; merriment; jollity.
Hilary term	Formerly, one of the four terms of the courts of common law in England, beginning on the eleventh of January and ending on the thirty-first of the same month, in each year; -- so called from the festival of St. Hilary, January 13th.
Hilding	A base, menial wretch.
Hilding	Base; spiritless.
Hile	To hide. See Hele.
Hile	Same as Hilum.
Hill	A natural elevation of land, or a mass of earth rising above the common level of the surrounding land; an eminence less than a mountain.
Hill	The earth raised about the roots of a plant or cluster of plants. [U. S.] See Hill, v. t.
Hill	A single cluster or group of plants growing close together, and having the earth heaped up about them; as, a hill of corn or potatoes.
Hilled	of Hill
Hilling	of Hill
Hill	To surround with earth; to heap or draw earth around or upon; as, to hill corn.
Hilliness	The state of being hilly.
Hilling	The act or process of heaping or drawing earth around plants.
Hillock	A small hill.
Hillside	The side or declivity of a hill.
Hilltop	The top of a hill.
Hilly	Abounding with hills; uneven in surface; as, a hilly country.
Hilly	Lofty; as, hilly empire.
Hilt	A handle; especially, the handle of a sword, dagger, or the like.
Hilted	Having a hilt; -- used in composition; as, basket-hilted, cross-hilted.
Hilum	The eye of a bean or other seed; the mark or scar at the point of attachment of an ovule or seed to its base or support; -- called also hile.
Hilum	The part of a gland, or similar organ, where the blood vessels and nerves enter; the hilus; as, the hilum of the kidney.
Hilus	Same as Hilum, 2.
Him	Them. See Hem.
Him	The objective case of he. See He.
Himalayan	Of or pertaining to the Himalayas, the great mountain chain in Hindostan.
Himpne	A hymn.
Himself	An emphasized form of the third person masculine pronoun; -- used as a subject usually with he; as, he himself will bear the blame; used alone in the predicate, either in the nominative or objective case; as, it is himself who saved himself.
Himself	One's true or real character; one's natural temper and disposition; the state of being in one's right or sane mind (after unconsciousness, passion, delirium, or abasement); as, the man has come to himself.
Himself	Alt. of Himselven
Himselven	Themselves. See Hemself.
Himselve	See 1st Himself.
Himyaric	Alt. of Himyaritic
Himyaritic	Pertaining to Himyar, an ancient king of Yemen, in Arabia, or to his successors or people; as, the Himjaritic characters, language, etc.; applied esp. to certain ancient inscriptions showing the primitive type of the oldest form of the Arabic, still spoken in Southern Arabia.
Hin	A Hebrew measure of liquids, containing three quarts, one pint, one gill, English measure.
Hind	The female of the red deer, of which the male is the stag.
Hind	A spotted food fish of the genus Epinephelus, as E. apua of Bermuda, and E. Drummond-hayi of Florida; -- called also coney, John Paw, spotted hind.
Hind	A domestic; a servant.
Hind	A peasant; a rustic; a farm servant.
Hind	In the rear; -- opposed to front; of or pertaining to the part or end which follows or is behind, in opposition to the part which leads or is before; as, the hind legs or hind feet of a quadruped; the hind man in a procession.
Hindberry	The raspberry.
Hindbrain	The posterior of the three principal divisions of the brain, including the epencephalon and metencephalon. Sometimes restricted to the epencephalon only.
Hinder	Of or belonging to that part or end which is in the rear, or which follows; as, the hinder part of a wagon; the hinder parts of a horse.
Hindered	of Hinder
Hindering	of Hinder
Hinder	To keep back or behind; to prevent from starting or moving forward; to check; to retard; to obstruct; to bring to a full stop; -- often followed by from; as, an accident hindered the coach; drought hinders the growth of plants; to hinder me from going.
Hinder	To prevent or embarrass; to debar; to shut out.
Hinder	To interpose obstacles or impediments; to be a hindrance.
Hinderance	Same as Hindrance.
Hinderer	One who, or that which, hinders.
Hinderest	Hindermost; -- superl. of Hind, a.
Hinderling	A worthless, base, degenerate person or animal.
Hindermost	Alt. of Hindmost
Hindmost	Furthest in or toward the rear; last.
Hindgut	The posterior part of the alimentary canal, including the rectum, and sometimes the large intestine also.
Hindi	The name given by Europeans to that form of the Hindustani language which is chiefly spoken by native Hindoos. In employs the Devanagari character, in which Sanskrit is written.
Hindleys screw	A screw cut on a solid whose sides are arcs of the periphery of a wheel into the teeth of which the screw is intended to work. It is named from the person who first used the form.
Hindoos	of Hindu
Hindus	of Hindu
Hindoo	Alt. of Hindu
Hindu	A native inhabitant of Hindostan. As an ethnical term it is confined to the Dravidian and Aryan races; as a religious name it is restricted to followers of the Veda.
Hindooism	Alt. of Hinduism
Hinduism	The religious doctrines and rites of the Hindoos; Brahmanism.
Hindoostanee	Alt. of Hindustani
Hindustani	Of or pertaining to the Hindoos or their language.
Hindustani	The language of Hindostan; the name given by Europeans to the most generally spoken of the modern Aryan languages of India. It is Hindi with the addition of Persian and Arabic words.
Hindrance	The act of hindering, or the state of being hindered.
Hindrance	That which hinders; an impediment.
Hindu	Same as Hindoo.
Hine	A servant; a farm laborer; a peasant; a hind.
Hinge	The hook with its eye, or the joint, on which a door, gate, lid, etc., turns or swings; a flexible piece, as a strip of leather, which serves as a joint to turn on.
Hinge	That on which anything turns or depends; a governing principle; a cardinal point or rule; as, this argument was the hinge on which the question turned.
Hinge	One of the four cardinal points, east, west, north, or south.
Hinged	of Hinge
Hinging	of Hinge
Hinge	To attach by, or furnish with, hinges.
Hinge	To bend.
Hinge	To stand, depend, hang, or turn, as on a hinge; to depend chiefly for a result or decision or for force and validity; -- usually with on or upon; as, the argument hinges on this point.
Hinged	Furnished with hinges.
Hingeless	Without a hinge or joint.
Hink	A reaping hook.
Hinniate	Alt. of Hinny
Hinny	To neigh; to whinny.
Hinnies	of Hinny
Hinny	A hybrid between a stallion and an ass.
Hinny	A term of endearment; darling; -- corrupted from honey.
Hinted	of Hint
Hinting	of Hint
Hint	To bring to mind by a slight mention or remote allusion; to suggest in an indirect manner; as, to hint a suspicion.
Hint	To make an indirect reference, suggestion, or allusion; to allude vaguely to something.
Hint	A remote allusion; slight mention; intimation; insinuation; a suggestion or reminder, without a full declaration or explanation; also, an occasion or motive.
Hintingly	In a hinting manner.
Hip	The projecting region of the lateral parts of one side of the pelvis and the hip joint; the haunch; the huckle.
Hip	The external angle formed by the meeting of two sloping sides or skirts of a roof, which have their wall plates running in different directions.
Hip	In a bridge truss, the place where an inclined end post meets the top chord.
Hipped	of Hip
Hipping	of Hip
Hip	To dislocate or sprain the hip of, to fracture or injure the hip bone of (a quadruped) in such a manner as to produce a permanent depression of that side.
Hip	To throw (one's adversary) over one's hip in wrestling (technically called cross buttock).
Hip	To make with a hip or hips, as a roof.
Hip	The fruit of a rosebush, especially of the English dog-rose (Rosa canina).
Hip	Used to excite attention or as a signal; as, hip, hip, hurra!
Hip	Alt. of Hipps
Hipps	See Hyp, n.
Hiphalt	Lame in the hip.
Hippa	Alt. of Hippe
Hippe	A genus of marine decapod crustaceans, which burrow rapidly in the sand by pushing themselves backward; -- called also bait bug. See Illust. under Anomura.
Hipparion	An extinct genus of Tertiary mammals allied to the horse, but three-toed, having on each foot a small lateral hoof on each side of the main central one. It is believed to be one of the ancestral genera of the Horse family.
Hipped	Alt. of Hippish
Hippish	Somewhat hypochondriac; melancholy. See Hyppish.
Hippobosca	A genus of dipterous insects including the horsefly or horse tick.
Hippocamp	See Hippocampus.
Hippocampal	Of or pertaining to the hippocampus.
Hippocampus	A fabulous monster, with the head and fore quarters of a horse joined to the tail of a dolphin or other fish (Hippocampus brevirostris), -- seen in Pompeian paintings, attached to the chariot of Neptune.
Hippocampus	A genus of lophobranch fishes of several species in which the head and neck have some resemblance to those of a horse; -- called also sea horse.
Hippocampus	A name applied to either of two ridges of white matter in each lateral ventricle of the brain. The larger is called hippocampus major or simply hippocampus. The smaller, hippocampus minor, is called also ergot and calcar.
Hippocentaur	Same as Centaur.
Hippocras	A cordial made of spiced wine, etc.
Hippocrates	A famous Greek physician and medical writer, born in Cos, about 460 B. C.
Hippocratic	Of or pertaining to Hippocrates, or to his teachings.
Hippocratism	The medical philosophy or system of Hippocrates.
Hippocrene	A fountain on Mount Helicon in Boeotia, fabled to have burst forth when the ground was struck by the hoof of Pegasus. Also, its waters, which were supposed to impart poetic inspiration.
Hippocrepian	One of an order of fresh-water Bryozoa, in which the tentacles are on a lophophore, shaped like a horseshoe. See Phylactolaema.
Hippocrepiform	Shaped like a horseshoe.
Hippodame	A fabulous sea monster.
Hippodrome	A place set apart for equestrian and chariot races.
Hippodrome	An arena for equestrian performances; a circus.
Hippogriff	A fabulous winged animal, half horse and half griffin.
Hippolith	A concretion, or kind of bezoar, from the intestines of the horse.
Hippopathology	The science of veterinary medicine; the pathology of the horse.
Hippophagi	Eaters of horseflesh.
Hippophagism	Hippophagy.
Hippophagist	One who eats horseflesh.
Hippophagous	Feeding on horseflesh; -- said of certain nomadic tribes, as the Tartars.
Hippophagy	The act or practice of feeding on horseflesh.
Hippophile	One who loves horses.
Hippopotamuses	of Hippopotamus
Hippopotami	of Hippopotamus
Hippopotamus	A large, amphibious, herbivorous mammal (Hippopotamus amphibius), common in the rivers of Africa. It is allied to the hogs, and has a very thick, naked skin, a thick and square head, a very large muzzle, small eyes and ears, thick and heavy body, and short legs. It is supposed to be the behemoth of the Bible. Called also zeekoe, and river horse. A smaller species (H. Liberiencis) inhabits Western Africa.
Hippotomy	Anatomy of the horse.
Hippuric	Obtained from the urine of horses; as, hippuric acid.
Hippurite	A fossil bivalve mollusk of the genus Hippurites, of many species, having a conical, cup-shaped under valve, with a flattish upper valve or lid. Hippurites are found only in the Cretaceous rocks.
Hip-roofed	Having a hip roof.
Hipshot	Having the hip dislocated; hence, having one hip lower than the other.
Hip tree	The dog-rose.
Hir	See Here, pron.
Hircic	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, mutton suet; -- applied by Chevreul to an oily acid which was obtained from mutton suet, and to which he attributed the peculiar taste and smell of that substance. The substance has also been called hircin.
Hircin	Hircic acid. See Hircic.
Hircine	Alt. of Hircinous
Hircinous	Goatlike; of or pertaining to a goat or the goats.
Hircinous	Of a strong goatish smell.
Hire	See Here, pron.
Hire	The price, reward, or compensation paid, or contracted to be paid, for the temporary use of a thing or a place, for personal service, or for labor; wages; rent; pay.
Hire	A bailment by which the use of a thing, or the services and labor of a person, are contracted for at a certain price or reward.
Hired	of Hire
Hiring	of Hire
Hire	To procure (any chattel or estate) from another person, for temporary use, for a compensation or equivalent; to purchase the use or enjoyment of for a limited time; as, to hire a farm for a year; to hire money.
Hire	To engage or purchase the service, labor, or interest of (any one) for a specific purpose, by payment of wages; as, to hire a servant, an agent, or an advocate.
Hire	To grant the temporary use of, for compensation; to engage to give the service of, for a price; to let; to lease; -- now usually with out, and often reflexively; as, he has hired out his horse, or his time.
Hireless	Without hire.
Hireling	One who is hired, or who serves for wages; esp., one whose motive and interest in serving another are wholly gainful; a mercenary.
Hireling	Serving for hire or wages; venal; mercenary.
Hirer	One who hires.
Hires	Alt. of Hirs
Hirs	Hers; theirs. See Here, pron.
Hirsute	Rough with hair; set with bristles; shaggy.
Hirsute	Rough and coarse; boorish.
Hirsute	Pubescent with coarse or stiff hairs.
Hirsute	Covered with hairlike feathers, as the feet of certain birds.
Hirsuteness	Hairiness.
Hirtellous	Pubescent with minute and somewhat rigid hairs.
Hirudine	Of or pertaining to the leeches.
Hirudinea	An order of Annelida, including the leeches; -- called also Hirudinei.
Hirudo	A genus of leeches, including the common medicinal leech. See Leech.
Hirundine	Like or pertaining to the swallows.
Hirundo	A genus of birds including the swallows and martins.
His	Belonging or pertaining to him; -- used as a pronominal adjective or adjective pronoun; as, tell John his papers are ready; formerly used also for its, but this use is now obsolete.
His	The possessive of he; as, the book is his.
Hisingerite	A soft black, iron ore, nearly earthy, a hydrous silicate of iron.
Hispanic	Of or pertaining to Spain or its language; as, Hispanic words.
Hispanicism	A Spanish idiom or mode of speech.
Hispanicize	To give a Spanish form or character to; as, to Hispanicize Latin words.
Hispid	Rough with bristles or minute spines.
Hispid	Beset with stiff hairs or bristles.
Hispidulous	Minutely hispid.
Hissed	of Hiss
Hissing	of Hiss
Hiss	To make with the mouth a prolonged sound like that of the letter s, by driving the breath between the tongue and the teeth; to make with the mouth a sound like that made by a goose or a snake when angered; esp., to make such a sound as an expression of hatred, passion, or disapproval.
Hiss	To make a similar noise by any means; to pass with a sibilant sound; as, the arrow hissed as it flew.
Hiss	To condemn or express contempt for by hissing.
Hiss	To utter with a hissing sound.
Hiss	A prolonged sound like that letter s, made by forcing out the breath between the tongue and teeth, esp. as a token of disapprobation or contempt.
Hiss	Any sound resembling that above described
Hiss	The noise made by a serpent.
Hiss	The note of a goose when irritated.
Hiss	The noise made by steam escaping through a narrow orifice, or by water falling on a hot stove.
Hissing	The act of emitting a hiss or hisses.
Hissing	The occasion of contempt; the object of scorn and derision.
Hissingly	With a hissing sound.
Hist	Hush; be silent; -- a signal for silence.
Histiology	Same as Histology.
Histogenesis	The formation and development of organic tissues; histogeny; -- the opposite of histolysis.
Histogenesis	Germ history of cells, and of the tissues composed of cells.
Histogenetic	Tissue-producing; connected with the formation and development of the organic tissues.
Histogeny	Same as Histogenesis.
Histographer	One who describes organic tissues; an histologist.
Histographical	Of or pertaining to histography.
Histography	A description of, or treatise on, organic tissues.
Histohaematin	One of a class of respiratory pigments, widely distributed in the animal kingdom, capable of ready oxidation and reduction.
Histoid	Resembling the normal tissues; as, histoid tumors.
Histologic	Alt. of Histological
Histological	Pertaining to histology, or to the microscopic structure of the tissues of living organisms.
Histologist	One versed in histology.
Histology	That branch of biological science, which treats of the minute (microscopic) structure of animal and vegetable tissues; -- called also histiology.
Histolysis	The decay and dissolution of the organic tissues and of the blood.
Histolytic	Of or pertaining to histolysis, or the degeneration of tissues.
Histonomy	The science which treats of the laws relating to organic tissues, their formation, development, functions, etc.
Histophyly	The tribal history of cells, a division of morphophyly.
Historial	Historical.
Historian	A writer of history; a chronicler; an annalist.
Historian	One versed or well informed in history.
Historic	Alt. of Historical
Historical	Of or pertaining to history, or the record of past events; as, an historical poem; the historic page.
Historically	In the manner of, or in accordance with, history.
Historicize	To record or narrate in the manner of a history; to chronicle.
Historied	Related in history.
Historier	An historian.
Historiette	Historical narration on a small scale; a brief recital; a story.
Histority	To record in or as history.
Historiographer	An historian; a writer of history; especially, one appointed or designated to write a history; also, a title bestowed by some governments upon historians of distinction.
Historiographership	The office of an historiographer.
Historiography	The art of employment of an historiographer.
Historiology	A discourse on history.
Historionomer	One versed in the phenomena of history and the laws controlling them.
Historize	To relate as history; to chronicle; to historicize.
Histories	of History
History	A learning or knowing by inquiry; the knowledge of facts and events, so obtained; hence, a formal statement of such information; a narrative; a description; a written record; as, the history of a patient's case; the history of a legislative bill.
History	A systematic, written account of events, particularly of those affecting a nation, institution, science, or art, and usually connected with a philosophical explanation of their causes; a true story, as distinguished from a romance; -- distinguished also from annals, which relate simply the facts and events of each year, in strict chronological order; from biography, which is the record of an individual's life; and from memoir, which is history composed from personal experience, observation, and memory.
History	To narrate or record.
Histotomy	The dissection of organic tissues.
Histozyme	A soluble ferment occurring in the animal body, to the presence of which many normal decompositions and synthetical processes are supposed to be due.
Histrion	A player.
Histrionic	Alt. of Histrionical
Histrionical	Of or relating to the stage or a stageplayer; befitting a theatre; theatrical; -- sometimes in a bad sense.
Histrionicism	The histronic art; stageplaying.
Histrionism	Theatrical representation; acting; affectation.
Histrionize	To act; to represent on the stage, or theatrically.
Hit	It.
Hit	3d pers. sing. pres. of Hide, contracted from hideth.
Hit	of Hit
Hitting	of Hit
Hit	To reach with a stroke or blow; to strike or touch, usually with force; especially, to reach or touch (an object aimed at).
Hit	To reach or attain exactly; to meet according to the occasion; to perform successfully; to attain to; to accord with; to be conformable to; to suit.
Hit	To guess; to light upon or discover.
Hit	To take up, or replace by a piece belonging to the opposing player; -- said of a single unprotected piece on a point.
Hit	To meet or come in contact; to strike; to clash; -- followed by against or on.
Hit	To meet or reach what was aimed at or desired; to succeed, -- often with implied chance, or luck.
Hit	A striking against; the collision of one body against another; the stroke that touches anything.
Hit	A stroke of success in an enterprise, as by a fortunate chance; as, he made a hit.
Hit	A peculiarly apt expression or turn of thought; a phrase which hits the mark; as, a happy hit.
Hit	A game won at backgammon after the adversary has removed some of his men. It counts less than a gammon.
Hit	A striking of the ball; as, a safe hit; a foul hit; -- sometimes used specifically for a base hit.
Hit.	having become very popular or acclaimed; -- said of entertainment performances; as, a hit record, a hit movie.
Hitch	To become entangled or caught; to be linked or yoked; to unite; to cling.
Hitch	To move interruptedly or with halts, jerks, or steps; -- said of something obstructed or impeded.
Hitch	To hit the legs together in going, as horses; to interfere.
Hitched	of Hitch
Hitching	of Hitch
Hitch	To hook; to catch or fasten as by a hook or a knot; to make fast, unite, or yoke; as, to hitch a horse, or a halter.
Hitch	To move with hitches; as, he hitched his chair nearer.
Hitch	A catch; anything that holds, as a hook; an impediment; an obstacle; an entanglement.
Hitch	The act of catching, as on a hook, etc.
Hitch	A stop or sudden halt; a stoppage; an impediment; a temporary obstruction; an obstacle; as, a hitch in one's progress or utterance; a hitch in the performance.
Hitch	A sudden movement or pull; a pull up; as, the sailor gave his trousers a hitch.
Hitch	A knot or noose in a rope which can be readily undone; -- intended for a temporary fastening; as, a half hitch; a clove hitch; a timber hitch, etc.
Hitch	A small dislocation of a bed or vein.
Hitchel	See Hatchel.
Hithe	A port or small haven; -- used in composition; as, Lambhithe, now Lambeth.
Hither	To this place; -- used with verbs signifying motion, and implying motion toward the speaker; correlate of hence and thither; as, to come or bring hither.
Hither	To this point, source, conclusion, design, etc.; -- in a sense not physical.
Hither	Being on the side next or toward the person speaking; nearer; -- correlate of thither and farther; as, on the hither side of a hill.
Hither	Applied to time: On the hither side of, younger than; of fewer years than.
Hithermost	Nearest on this side.
Hitherto	To this place; to a prescribed limit.
Hitherto	Up to this time; as yet; until now.
Hitherward	Toward this place; hither.
Hitter	One who hits or strikes; as, a hard hitter.
Hive	A box, basket, or other structure, for the reception and habitation of a swarm of honeybees.
Hive	The bees of one hive; a swarm of bees.
Hive	A place swarming with busy occupants; a crowd.
Hived	of Hive
Hiving	of Hive
Hive	To collect into a hive; to place in, or cause to enter, a hive; as, to hive a swarm of bees.
Hive	To store up in a hive, as honey; hence, to gather and accumulate for future need; to lay up in store.
Hive	To take shelter or lodgings together; to reside in a collective body.
Hiveless	Destitute of a hive.
Hiver	One who collects bees into a hive.
Hives	The croup.
Hives	An eruptive disease (Varicella globularis), allied to the chicken pox.
Hizz	To hiss.
Ho	Who.
Ho	Alt. of Hoa
Hoa	A stop; a halt; a moderation of pace.
Ho	Alt. of Hoa
Hoa	Halloo! attend! -- a call to excite attention, or to give notice of approach.
Hoa	Stop! stand still! hold! -- a word now used by teamsters, but formerly to order the cessation of anything.
Hoar	White, or grayish white; as, hoar frost; hoar cliffs.
Hoar	Gray or white with age; hoary.
Hoar	Musty; moldy; stale.
Hoar	Hoariness; antiquity.
Hoar	To become moldy or musty.
Hoard	See Hoarding, 2.
Hoard	A store, stock, or quantity of anything accumulated or laid up; a hidden supply; a treasure; as, a hoard of provisions; a hoard of money.
Hoarded	of Hoard
Hoarding	of Hoard
Hoard	To collect and lay up; to amass and deposit in secret; to store secretly, or for the sake of keeping and accumulating; as, to hoard grain.
Hoard	To lay up a store or hoard, as of money.
Hoarder	One who hoards.
Hoarding	A screen of boards inclosing a house and materials while builders are at work.
Hoarding	A fence, barrier, or cover, inclosing, surrounding, or concealing something.
Hoared	Moldy; musty.
Hoarfrost	The white particles formed by the congelation of dew; white frost.
Hoarhound	Same as Horehound.
Hoariness	The state of being hoary.
Hoarse	Having a harsh, rough, grating voice or sound, as when affected with a cold; making a rough, harsh cry or sound; as, the hoarse raven.
Hoarse	Harsh; grating; discordant; -- said of any sound.
Hoarsely	With a harsh, grating sound or voice.
Hoarsened	of Hoarsen
Hoarsening	of Hoarsen
Hoarsen	To make hoarse.
Hoarseness	Harshness or roughness of voice or sound, due to mucus collected on the vocal cords, or to swelling or looseness of the cords.
Hoarstone	A stone designating the /ounds of an estate; a landmark.
Hoary	White or whitish.
Hoary	White or gray with age; hoar; as, hoary hairs.
Hoary	remote in time past; as, hoary antiquity.
Hoary	Moldy; mossy; musty.
Hoary	Of a pale silvery gray.
Hoary	Covered with short, dense, grayish white hairs; canescent.
Hoatzin	Same as Hoazin.
Hoax	A deception for mockery or mischief; a deceptive trick or story; a practical joke.
Hoaxed	of Hoax
Hoaxing	of Hoax
Hoax	To deceive by a story or a trick, for sport or mischief; to impose upon sportively.
Hoaxer	One who hoaxes.
Hoazin	A remarkable South American bird (Opisthocomus cristatus); the crested touraco. By some zoologists it is made the type of a distinct order (Opisthocomi).
Hob	The hub of a wheel. See Hub.
Hob	The flat projection or iron shelf at the side of a fire grate, where things are put to be kept warm.
Hob	A threaded and fluted hardened steel cutter, resembling a tap, used in a lathe for forming the teeth of screw chasers, worm wheels, etc.
Hob	A fairy; a sprite; an elf.
Hob	A countryman; a rustic; a clown.
Hobanob	Alt. of Hobandnob
Hobandnob	Same as Hobnob.
Hobbism	The philosophical system of Thomas Hobbes, an English materialist (1588-1679); esp., his political theory that the most perfect form of civil government is an absolute monarchy with despotic control over everything relating to law, morals, and religion.
Hobbist	One who accepts the doctrines of Thomas Hobbes.
Hobbled	of Hobble
Hobbling	of Hobble
Hobble	To walk lame, bearing chiefly on one leg; to walk with a hitch or hop, or with crutches.
Hobble	To move roughly or irregularly; -- said of style in writing.
Hobble	To fetter by tying the legs; to hopple; to clog.
Hobble	To perplex; to embarrass.
Hobble	An unequal gait; a limp; a halt; as, he has a hobble in his gait.
Hobble	Same as Hopple.
Hobble	Difficulty; perplexity; embarrassment.
Hobblebush	A low bush (Viburnum lantanoides) having long, straggling branches and handsome flowers. It is found in the Northern United States. Called also shinhopple.
Hobbledehoy	Alt. of Hobbletehoy
Hobbletehoy	A youth between boy and man; an awkward, gawky young fellow .
Hobbler	One who hobbles.
Hobbler	One who by his tenure was to maintain a horse for military service; a kind of light horseman in the Middle Ages who was mounted on a hobby.
Hobblingly	With a limping step.
Hobbly	Rough; uneven; causing one to hobble; as a hobbly road.
Hobbies	of Hobby
Hobby	A small, strong-winged European falcon (Falco subbuteo), formerly trained for hawking.
Hobby	Alt. of Hobbyhorse
Hobbyhorse	A strong, active horse, of a middle size, said to have been originally from Ireland; an ambling nag.
Hobbyhorse	A stick, often with the head or figure of a horse, on which boys make believe to ride.
Hobbyhorse	A subject or plan upon which one is constantly setting off; a favorite and ever-recurring theme of discourse, thought, or effort; that which occupies one's attention unduly, or to the weariness of others; a ruling passion.
Hobbyhorsical	Pertaining to, or having, a hobby or whim; eccentric; whimsical.
Hobgoblin	A frightful goblin; an imp; a bugaboo; also, a name formerly given to the household spirit, Robin Goodfellow.
Hobiler	A light horseman. See 2d Hobbler.
Hobit	A small mortar on a gun carriage, in use before the howitzer.
Hobnail	A short, sharp-pointed, large-headed nail, -- used in shoeing houses and for studding the soles of heavy shoes.
Hobnail	A clownish person; a rustic.
Hobnail	To tread down roughly, as with hobnailed shoes.
Hobnailed	See with hobnails, as a shoe.
Hobnob	Have or have not; -- a familiar invitation to reciprocal drinking.
Hobnob	At random; hit or miss. (Obs.)
Hornobbed	of Hobnob
Hornobbing	of Hobnob
Hobnob	To drink familiarly (with another).
Hobnob	To associate familiarly; to be on intimate terms.
Hobnob	Familiar, social intercourse.
Hobornob	See Hobnob.
Hoboy	A hautboy or oboe.
Hobson's choice	A choice without an alternative; the thing offered or nothing.
Hocco	The crested curassow; -- called also royal pheasant. See Curassow.
Hochepot	Hotchpot.
Hock	A Rhenish wine, of a light yellow color, either sparkling or still. The name is also given indiscriminately to all Rhenish wines.
Hock	Alt. of Hough
Hough	The joint in the hind limb of quadrupeds between the leg and shank, or tibia and tarsus, and corresponding to the ankle in man.
Hough	A piece cut by butchers, esp. in pork, from either the front or hind leg, just above the foot.
Hough	The popliteal space; the ham.
Hock	To disable by cutting the tendons of the hock; to hamstring; to hough.
Hockamore	A Rhenish wine. [Obs.] See Hock.
Hockday	A holiday commemorating the expulsion of the Danes, formerly observed on the second Tuesday after Easter; -- called also hocktide.
Hockey	A game in which two parties of players, armed with sticks curved or hooked at the end, attempt to drive any small object (as a ball or a bit of wood) toward opposite goals.
Hockey	The stick used by the players.
Hockherb	The mallow.
Hockled	of Hockle
Hockling	of Hockle
Hockle	To hamstring; to hock; to hough.
Hockle	To mow, as stubble.
Hocus	To deceive or cheat.
Hocus	To adulterate; to drug; as, liquor is said to be hocused for the purpose of stupefying the drinker.
Hocus	To stupefy with drugged liquor.
Hocus	One who cheats or deceives.
Hocus	Drugged liquor.
Hocuspocus	A term used by jugglers in pretended incantations.
Hocuspocus	A juggler or trickster.
Hocuspocus	A juggler's trick; a cheat; nonsense.
Hocuspocus	To cheat.
Hod	A kind of wooden tray with a handle, borne on the shoulder, for carrying mortar, brick, etc.
Hod	A utensil for holding coal; a coal scuttle.
Hoddengray	Applied to coarse cloth made of undyed wool, formerly worn by Scotch peasants.
Hoddy	See Dun crow, under Dun, a.
Hoddydoddy	An awkward or foolish person.
Hodgepodge	A mixed mass; a medley. See Hotchpot.
Hodgkin's disease	A morbid condition characterized by progressive anaemia and enlargement of the lymphatic glands; -- first described by Dr. Hodgkin, an English physician.
Hodiern	Alt. of Hodiernal
Hodiernal	Of this day; belonging to the present day.
Hodmen	of Hodman
Hodman	A man who carries a hod; a mason's tender.
Hodmandod	See Dodman.
Hodograph	A curve described by the moving extremity of a line the other end of which is fixed, this line being constantly parallel to the direction of motion of, and having its length constantly proportional to the velocity of, a point moving in any path; -used in investigations respecting central forces.
Hodometer	See Odometer.
Hoe	A tool chiefly for digging up weeds, and arranging the earth about plants in fields and gardens. It is made of a flat blade of iron or steel having an eye or tang by which it is attached to a wooden handle at an acute angle.
Hoe	The horned or piked dogfish. See Dogfish.
Hoed	of Hoe
Hoeing	of Hoe
Hoe	To cut, dig, scrape, turn, arrange, or clean, with a hoe; as, to hoe the earth in a garden; also, to clear from weeds, or to loosen or arrange the earth about, with a hoe; as, to hoe corn.
Hoe	To use a hoe; to labor with a hoe.
Hoecake	A cake of Indian meal, water, and salt, baked before the fire or in the ashes; -- so called because often cooked on a hoe.
Hoemother	The basking or liver shark; -- called also homer. See Liver shark, under Liver.
Hoful	Careful; wary.
Hog	A quadruped of the genus Sus, and allied genera of Suidae; esp., the domesticated varieties of S. scrofa, kept for their fat and meat, called, respectively, lard and pork; swine; porker; specifically, a castrated boar; a barrow.
Hog	A mean, filthy, or gluttonous fellow.
Hog	A young sheep that has not been shorn.
Hog	A rough, flat scrubbing broom for scrubbing a ship's bottom under water.
Hog	A device for mixing and stirring the pulp of which paper is made.
Hogged	of Hog
Hogging	of Hog
Hog	To cut short like bristles; as, to hog the mane of a horse.
Hog	To scrub with a hog, or scrubbing broom.
Hog	To become bent upward in the middle, like a hog's back; -- said of a ship broken or strained so as to have this form.
Hogback	An upward curve or very obtuse angle in the upper surface of any member, as of a timber laid horizontally; -- the opposite of camber.
Hogback	See Hogframe.
Hogback	A ridge formed by tilted strata; hence, any ridge with a sharp summit, and steeply sloping sides.
Hogchain	A chain or tie rod, in a boat or barge, to prevent the vessel from hogging.
Hogchoker	An American sole (Achirus lineatus, or A. achirus), related to the European sole, but of no market value.
Hogcote	A shed for swine; a sty.
Hogfish	A large West Indian and Florida food fish (Lachnolaemus).
Hogfish	The pigfish or sailor's choice.
Hogfish	An American fresh-water fish; the log perch.
Hogfish	A large, red, spiny-headed, European marine fish (Scorpaena scrofa).
Hogframe	A trussed frame extending fore and aft, usually above deck, and intended to increase the longitudinal strength and stiffness. Used chiefly in American river and lake steamers. Called also hogging frame, and hogback.
Hogged	Broken or strained so as to have an upward curve between the ends. See Hog, v. i.
Hogger	A stocking without a foot, worn by coal miners at work.
Hoggerel	A sheep of the second year. [Written also hogrel.] Ash.
Hoggerpipe	The upper terminal pipe of a mining pump.
Hogger-pump	The for pump in the pit.
Hoggery	Hoggish character or manners; selfishness; greed; beastliness.
Hogget	A young boar of the second year.
Hogget	A sheep or colt alter it has passed its first year.
Hogging	Drooping at the ends; arching;-in distinction from sagging.
Hoggish	Swinish; gluttonous; filthy; selfish.
Hogh	A hill; a cliff.
Hogherd	A swineherd.
Hogmanay	The old name, in Scotland, for the last day of the year, on which children go about singing, and receive a dole of bread or cakes; also, the entertainment given on that day to a visitor, or the gift given to an applicant.
Hognosesnake	A harmless North American snake of the genus Heterodon, esp. H. platyrhynos; -- called also puffing adder, blowing adder, and sand viper.
Hognut	The pignut.
Hognut	In England, the Bunium flexuosum, a tuberous plant.
Hogo	High flavor; strong scent.
Hogpen	A pen or sty for hogs.
Hogreeve	A civil officer charged with the duty of impounding hogs running at large.
Hogringer	One who puts rings into the snouts of hogs.
Hog's-back	A hogback.
Hogscore	A distance lime brawn across the rink or course between the middle line and the tee.
Hogshead	An English measure of capacity, containing 63 wine gallons, or about 52/ imperial gallons; a half pipe.
Hogshead	A large cask or barrel, of indefinite contents; esp. one containing from 100 to 140 gallons.
Hogskin	Leather tanned from a hog's skin. Also used adjectively.
Hogsties	of Hogsty
Hogsty	A pen, house, or inclosure, for hogs.
Hogwash	Swill.
Hogweed	A common weed (Ambrosia artemisiaege). See Ambrosia, 3.
Hogweed	In England, the Heracleum Sphondylium.
Hoiden	A rude, clownish youth.
Hoiden	A rude, bold girl; a romp.
Hoiden	Rustic; rude; bold.
Hoiden	To romp rudely or indecently.
Hoidenhood	State of being a hoiden.
Hoidenish	Like, or appropriate to, a hoiden.
Hoise	To hoist.
Hoisted	of Hoist
Hoisting	of Hoist
Hoist	To raise; to lift; to elevate; esp., to raise or lift to a desired elevation, by means of tackle, as a sail, a flag, a heavy package or weight.
Hoist	That by which anything is hoisted; the apparatus for lifting goods.
Hoist	The act of hoisting; a lift.
Hoist	The perpendicular height of a flag, as opposed to the fly, or horizontal length when flying from a staff.
Hoist	The height of a fore-and-aft sail next the mast or stay.
Hoist	Hoisted.
Hoistaway	A mechanical lift. See Elevator.
Hoistway	An opening for the hoist, or elevator, in the floor of a wareroom.
Hoit	To leap; to caper; to romp noisily.
Hoity-toity	Thoughtless; giddy; flighty; also, haughty; patronizing; as, to be in hoity-toity spirits, or to assume hoity-toity airs; used also as an exclamation, denoting surprise or disapprobation, with some degree of contempt.
Hokeday	Same as Hockday.
Hoker	Scorn; derision; abusive talk.
Hol	Whole.
Holaspidean	Having a single series of large scutes on the posterior side of the tarsus; -- said of certain birds.
Holcad	A large ship of burden, in ancient Greece.
Hold	The whole interior portion of a vessel below the lower deck, in which the cargo is stowed.
Held	of Hold
Holding	of Hold
Holden	of Hold
Hold	To cause to remain in a given situation, position, or relation, within certain limits, or the like; to prevent from falling or escaping; to sustain; to restrain; to keep in the grasp; to retain.
Hold	To retain in one's keeping; to maintain possession of, or authority over; not to give up or relinquish; to keep; to defend.
Hold	To have; to possess; to be in possession of; to occupy; to derive title to; as, to hold office.
Hold	To impose restraint upon; to limit in motion or action; to bind legally or morally; to confine; to restrain.
Hold	To maintain in being or action; to carry on; to prosecute, as a course of conduct or an argument; to continue; to sustain.
Hold	To prosecute, have, take, or join in, as something which is the result of united action; as to, hold a meeting, a festival, a session, etc.; hence, to direct and bring about officially; to conduct or preside at; as, the general held a council of war; a judge holds a court; a clergyman holds a service.
Hold	To receive and retain; to contain as a vessel; as, this pail holds milk; hence, to be able to receive and retain; to have capacity or containing power for.
Hold	To accept, as an opinion; to be the adherent of, openly or privately; to persist in, as a purpose; to maintain; to sustain.
Hold	To consider; to regard; to esteem; to account; to think; to judge.
Hold	To bear, carry, or manage; as he holds himself erect; he holds his head high.
Hold	In general, to keep one's self in a given position or condition; to remain fixed. Hence:
Hold	Not to more; to halt; to stop;-mostly in the imperative.
Hold	Not to give way; not to part or become separated; to remain unbroken or unsubdued.
Hold	Not to fail or be found wanting; to continue; to last; to endure a test or trial; to abide; to persist.
Hold	Not to fall away, desert, or prove recreant; to remain attached; to cleave;-often with with, to, or for.
Hold	To restrain one's self; to refrain.
Hold	To derive right or title; -- generally with of.
Hold	The act of holding, as in or with the hands or arms; the manner of holding, whether firm or loose; seizure; grasp; clasp; gripe; possession; -- often used with the verbs take and lay.
Hold	The authority or ground to take or keep; claim.
Hold	Binding power and influence.
Hold	Something that may be grasped; means of support.
Hold	A place of confinement; a prison; confinement; custody; guard.
Hold	A place of security; a fortified place; a fort; a castle; -- often called a stronghold.
Hold	A character [thus /] placed over or under a note or rest, and indicating that it is to be prolonged; -- called also pause, and corona.
Holdback	Check; hindrance; restraint; obstacle.
Holdback	The projection or loop on the thill of a vehicle. to which a strap of the harness is attached, to hold back a carriage when going down hill, or in backing; also, the strap or part of the harness so used.
Holder	One who is employed in the hold of a vessel.
Holder	One who, or that which, holds.
Holder	One who holds land, etc., under another; a tenant.
Holder	The payee of a bill of exchange or a promissory note, or the one who owns or holds it.
Holder-forth	One who speaks in public; an haranguer; a preacher.
Holdfast	Something used to secure and hold in place something else, as a long fiat-headed nail, a catch a hook, a clinch, a clamp, etc.; hence, a support.
Holdfast	A conical or branching body, by which a seaweed is attached to its support, and differing from a root in that it is not specially absorbent of moisture.
Holding	The act or state of sustaining, grasping, or retaining.
Holding	A tenure; a farm or other estate held of another.
Holding	That which holds, binds, or influences.
Holding	The burden or chorus of a song.
Hole	Whole.
Hole	A hollow place or cavity; an excavation; a pit; an opening in or through a solid body, a fabric, etc.; a perforation; a rent; a fissure.
Hole	An excavation in the ground, made by an animal to live in, or a natural cavity inhabited by an animal; hence, a low, narrow, or dark lodging or place; a mean habitation.
Hole	To cut, dig, or bore a hole or holes in; as, to hole a post for the insertion of rails or bars.
Hole	To drive into a hole, as an animal, or a billiard ball.
Hole	To go or get into a hole.
Holethnic	Of or pertaining to a holethnos or parent race.
Holethnos	A parent stock or race of people, not yet divided into separate branches or tribes.
Holibut	See Halibut.
Holidam	See Halidom.
Holiday	A consecrated day; religious anniversary; a day set apart in honor of some person, or in commemoration of some event. See Holyday.
Holiday	A day of exemption from labor; a day of amusement and gayety; a festival day.
Holiday	A day fixed by law for suspension of business; a legal holiday.
Holiday	Of or pertaining to a festival; cheerful; joyous; gay.
Holiday	Occurring rarely; adapted for a special occasion.
Holily	Piously; with sanctity; in a holy manner.
Holily	Sacredly; inviolably.
Holiness	The state or quality of being holy; perfect moral integrity or purity; freedom from sin; sanctity; innocence.
Holiness	The state of being hallowed, or consecrated to God or to his worship; sacredness.
Holing	Undercutting in a bed of coal, in order to bring down the upper mass.
Holla	Hollo.
Hollaed	of Holla
Hollaing	of Holla
Holla	See Hollo, v. i.
Holland	A kind of linen first manufactured in Holland; a linen fabric used for window shades, children's garments, etc.; as, brown or unbleached hollands.
Hollander	A native or one of the people of Holland; a Dutchman.
Hollander	A very hard, semi-glazed, green or dark brown brick, which will not absorb water; -- called also, Dutch clinker.
Hollandish	Relating to Holland; Dutch.
Hollands	Gin made in Holland.
Hollands	See Holland.
Hollo	Ho there; stop; attend; hence, a loud cry or a call to attract attention; a halloo.
Holloed	of Hollo
Holloing	of Hollo
Hollo	To call out or exclaim; to halloo.  This form is now mostly replaced by hello.
Holloa	Same as Hollo.
Hollow	Having an empty space or cavity, natural or artificial, within a solid substance; not solid; excavated in the interior; as, a hollow tree; a hollow sphere.
Hollow	Depressed; concave; gaunt; sunken.
Hollow	Reverberated from a cavity, or resembling such a sound; deep; muffled; as, a hollow roar.
Hollow	Not sincere or faithful; false; deceitful; not sound; as, a hollow heart; a hollow friend.
Hollow	A cavity, natural or artificial; an unfilled space within anything; a hole, a cavern; an excavation; as the hollow of the hand or of a tree.
Hollow	A low spot surrounded by elevations; a depressed part of a surface; a concavity; a channel.
Hollowed	of Hollow
Hollowing	of Hollow
Hollow	To make hollow, as by digging, cutting, or engraving; to excavate.
Hollow	Wholly; completely; utterly; -- chiefly after the verb to beat, and often with all; as, this story beats the other all hollow. See All, adv.
Hollow	Hollo.
Hollow	To shout; to hollo.
Hollow	To urge or call by shouting.
Hollow-hearted	Insincere; deceitful; not sound and true; having a cavity or decayed spot within.
Hollow-horned	Having permanent horns with a bony core, as cattle.
Hollowly	Insincerely; deceitfully.
Hollowness	State of being hollow.
Hollowness	Insincerity; unsoundness; treachery.
Holly	Wholly.
Holly	A tree or shrub of the genus Ilex. The European species (Ilex Aguifolium) is best known, having glossy green leaves, with a spiny, waved edge, and bearing berries that turn red or yellow about Michaelmas.
Holly	The holm oak. See 1st Holm.
Hollyhock	A species of Althaea (A. rosea), bearing flowers of various colors; -- called also rose mallow.
Holm	A common evergreen oak, of Europe (Quercus Ilex); -- called also ilex, and holly.
Holm	An islet in a river.
Holm	Low, flat land.
Holmia	An oxide of holmium.
Holmium	A rare element said to be contained in gadolinite.
Holmos	A name given to a vase having a rounded body
Holmos	A closed vessel of nearly spherical form on a high stem or pedestal.
Holmos	A drinking cup having a foot and stem.
Holo-	A combining form fr. Gr. "o`los whole.
Holoblast	an ovum composed entirely of germinal matter. See Meroblast.
Holoblastic	Undergoing complete segmentation; composed entirely of germinal matter, the whole of the yolk undergoing fission; -- opposed to meroblastic.
Holocaust	A burnt sacrifice; an offering, the whole of which was consumed by fire, among the Jews and some pagan nations.
Holocaust	Sacrifice or loss of many lives, as by the burning of a theater or a ship. [An extended use not authorized by careful writers.]
Holocephali	An order of elasmobranch fishes, including, among living species, only the chimaeras; -- called also Holocephala. See Chimaera; also Illustration in Appendix.
Holocryptic	Wholly or completely concealing; incapable of being deciphered.
Holocrystalline	Completely crystalline; -- said of a rock like granite, all the constituents of which are crystalline.
Holograph	A document, as a letter, deed, or will, wholly in the handwriting of the person from whom it proceeds and whose act it purports to be.
Holographic	Of the nature of a holograph; pertaining to holographs.
Holohedral	Having all the planes required by complete symmetry, -- in opposition to hemihedral.
Holohemihedral	Presenting hemihedral forms, in which all the sectants have halt the whole number of planes.
Holometabola	Those insects which have a complete metamorphosis; metabola.
Holometabolic	Having a complete metamorphosis;-said of certain insects, as the butterflies and bees.
Holometer	An instrument for making of angular measurements.
Holophanerous	Same as Holometabolic.
Holophotal	Causing no loss of light; -- applied to reflectors which throw back the rays of light without perceptible loss.
Holophote	A lamp with lenses or reflectors to collect the rays of light and throw them in a given direction; -- used in lighthouses.
Holophrastic	Expressing a phrase or sentence in a single word, -- as is the case in the aboriginal languages of America.
Holophytic	Wholly or distinctively vegetable.
Holorhinal	Having the nasal bones contiguous.
Holosiderite	Meteoric iron; a meteorite consisting of metallic iron without stony matter.
Holostean	Pertaining to the Holostei.
Holostei	An extensive division of ganoids, including the gar pike, bowfin, etc.; the bony ganoids. See Illustration in Appendix.
Holosteric	Wholly solid; -- said of a barometer constructed of solid materials to show the variations of atmospheric pressure without the use of liquids, as the aneroid.
Holostomata	An artificial division of gastropods, including those that have an entire aperture.
Holostomate	Same as Holostomatous.
Holostomatous	Having an entire aperture; -- said of many univalve shells.
Holostome	One of the Holostomata.
Holostraca	A division of phyllopod Crustacea, including those that are entirely covered by a bivalve shell.
Holothure	A holothurian.
Holothurian	Belonging to the Holothurioidea.
Holothurian	One of the Holothurioidea.
Holothurioidea	One of the classes of echinoderms.
Holotricha	A group of ciliated Infusoria, having cilia all over the body.
Holour	A whoremonger.
Holp	Alt. of Holpen
Holpen	imp. & p. p. of Help.
Holsom	Wholesome.
Holster	A leather case for a pistol, carried by a horseman at the bow of his saddle.
Holstered	Bearing holsters.
Holt	3d pers. sing. pres. of Hold, contr. from holdeth.
Holt	A piece of woodland; especially, a woody hill.
Holt	A deep hole in a river where there is protection for fish; also, a cover, a hole, or hiding place.
Holwe	Hollow.
Holy	Set apart to the service or worship of God; hallowed; sacred; reserved from profane or common use; holy vessels; a holy priesthood.
Holy	Spiritually whole or sound; of unimpaired innocence and virtue; free from sinful affections; pure in heart; godly; pious; irreproachable; guiltless; acceptable to God.
Holy cross	The cross as the symbol of Christ's crucifixion.
Holyday	A religious festival.
Holyday	A secular festival; a holiday.
Holystone	A stone used by seamen for scrubbing the decks of ships.
Holystone	To scrub with a holystone, as the deck of a vessel.
Homacanth	Having the dorsal fin spines symmetrical, and in the same line; -- said of certain fishes.
Homage	A symbolical acknowledgment made by a feudal tenant to, and in the presence of, his lord, on receiving investiture of fee, or coming to it by succession, that he was his man, or vassal; profession of fealty to a sovereign.
Homage	Respect or reverential regard; deference; especially, respect paid by external action; obeisance.
Homage	Reverence directed to the Supreme Being; reverential worship; devout affection.
Homaged	of Homage
Homaging	of Homage
Homage	To pay reverence to by external action.
Homage	To cause to pay homage.
Homageable	Subject to homage.
Homager	One who does homage, or holds land of another by homage; a vassal.
Homalographic	Same as Homolographic.
Homaloid	Alt. of Homaloidal
Homaloidal	Flat; even; -- a term applied to surfaces and to spaces, whether real or imagined, in which the definitions, axioms, and postulates of Euclid respecting parallel straight lines are assumed to hold true.
Homarus	A genus of decapod Crustacea, including the common lobsters.
Homatropine	An alkaloid, prepared from atropine, and from other sources. It is chemically related to atropine, and is used for the same purpose.
Homaxonial	Relating to that kind of homology or symmetry, the mathematical conception of organic form, in which all axes are equal. See under Promorphology.
Home	See Homelyn.
Home	One's own dwelling place; the house in which one lives; esp., the house in which one lives with his family; the habitual abode of one's family; also, one's birthplace.
Home	One's native land; the place or country in which one dwells; the place where one's ancestors dwell or dwelt.
Home	The abiding place of the affections, especially of the domestic affections.
Home	The locality where a thing is usually found, or was first found, or where it is naturally abundant; habitat; seat; as, the home of the pine.
Home	A place of refuge and rest; an asylum; as, a home for outcasts; a home for the blind; hence, esp., the grave; the final rest; also, the native and eternal dwelling place of the soul.
Home	The home base; he started for home.
Home	Of or pertaining to one's dwelling or country; domestic; not foreign; as home manufactures; home comforts.
Home	Close; personal; pointed; as, a home thrust.
Home	To one's home or country; as in the phrases, go home, come home, carry home.
Home	Close; closely.
Home	To the place where it belongs; to the end of a course; to the full length; as, to drive a nail home; to ram a cartridge home.
Homeborn	Native; indigenous; not foreign.
Homeborn	Of or pertaining to the home or family.
Home-bound	Kept at home.
Home-bred	Bred at home; domestic; not foreign.
Home-bred	Not polished; rude; uncultivated.
Home-coming	Return home.
Home-driven	Driven to the end, as a nail; driven close.
Home-dwelling	Keeping at home.
Home-felt	Felt in one's own breast; inward; private.
Homefield	A field adjacent to its owner's home.
Home-keeping	Staying at home; not gadding.
Home-keeping	A staying at home.
Homeless	Destitute of a home.
Homelike	Like a home; comfortable; cheerful; cozy; friendly.
Homelily	Plainly; inelegantly.
Homeliness	Domesticity; care of home.
Homeliness	Familiarity; intimacy.
Homeliness	Plainness; want of elegance or beauty.
Homeliness	Coarseness; simplicity; want of refinement; as, the homeliness of manners, or language.
Homeling	A person or thing belonging to a home or to a particular country; a native; as, a word which is a homeling.
Homely	Belonging to, or having the characteristics of, home; domestic; familiar; intimate.
Homely	Plain; unpretending; rude in appearance; unpolished; as, a homely garment; a homely house; homely fare; homely manners.
Homely	Of plain or coarse features; uncomely; -- contrary to handsome.
Homely	Plainly; rudely; coarsely; as, homely dressed.
Homelyn	The European sand ray (Raia maculata); -- called also home, mirror ray, and rough ray.
Homemade	Made at home; of domestic manufacture; made either in a private family or in one's own country.
Homeopath	A practitioner of homeopathy.
Homeopathic	Of or pertaining to homeopathy; according to the principles of homeopathy.
Homeopathically	According to the practice of homeopathy.
Homeopathist	A believer in, or practitioner of, homeopathy.
Homeopathy	The art of curing, founded on resemblances; the theory and its practice that disease is cured (tuto, cito, et jucunde) by remedies which produce on a healthy person effects similar to the symptoms of the complaint under which the patient suffers, the remedies being usually administered in minute doses. This system was founded by Dr. Samuel Hahnemann, and is opposed to allopathy, or heteropathy.
Homer	A carrier pigeon remarkable for its ability to return home from a distance.
Homer	See Hoemother.
Homer	A Hebrew measure containing, as a liquid measure, ten baths, equivalent to fifty-five gallons, two quarts, one pint; and, as a dry measure, ten ephahs, equivalent to six bushels, two pecks, four quarts.
Homeric	Of or pertaining to Homer, the most famous of Greek poets; resembling the poetry of Homer.
Homesick	Pining for home; in a nostalgic condition.
Home-speaking	Direct, forcible, and effective speaking.
Homespun	Spun or wrought at home; of domestic manufacture; coarse; plain.
Homespun	Plain in manner or style; not elegant; rude; coarse.
Homespun	Cloth made at home; as, he was dressed in homespun.
Homespun	An unpolished, rustic person.
Homestall	Place of a home; homestead.
Homestead	The home place; a home and the inclosure or ground immediately connected with it.
Homestead	The home or seat of a family; place of origin.
Homestead	The home and appurtenant land and buildings owned by the head of a family, and occupied by him and his family.
Homesteader	One who has entered upon a portion of the public land with the purpose of acquiring ownership of it under provisions of the homestead law, so called; one who has acquired a homestead in this manner.
Homeward	Being in the direction of home; as, the homeward way.
Homeward	Alt. of Homewards
Homewards	Toward home; in the direction of one's house, town, or country.
Homicidal	Pertaining to homicide; tending to homicide; murderous.
Homicide	The killing of one human being by another.
Homicide	One who kills another; a manslayer.
Homiform	In human form.
Homilete	A homilist.
Homiletic	Alt. of Homiletical
Homiletical	Of or pertaining to familiar intercourse; social; affable; conversable; companionable.
Homiletical	Of or pertaining to homiletics; hortatory.
Homiletics	The art of preaching; that branch of theology which treats of homilies or sermons, and the best method of preparing and delivering them.
Homilist	One who prepares homilies; one who preaches to a congregation.
Homilite	A borosilicate of iron and lime, near datolite in form and composition.
Homilies	of Homily
Homily	A discourse or sermon read or pronounced to an audience; a serious discourse.
Homily	A serious or tedious exhortation in private on some moral point, or on the conduct of life.
Homing	Home-returning; -- used specifically of carrier pigeons.
Hominy	Maize hulled and broken, and prepared for food by being boiled in water.
Homish	Like a home or a home circle.
Hommock	A small eminence of a conical form, of land or of ice; a knoll; a hillock. See Hummock.
Hommocky	Filled with hommocks; piled in the form of hommocks; -- said of ice.
Homo-	A combining form from Gr. "omo`s, one and the same, common, joint.
Homocategoric	Belonging to the same category of individuality; -- a morphological term applied to organisms so related.
Homocentric	Having the same center.
Homocercal	Having the tail nearly or quite symmetrical, the vertebral column terminating near its base; -- opposed to heterocercal.
Homocercy	The possession of a homocercal tail.
Homocerebrin	A body similar to, or identical with, cerebrin.
Homochromous	Having all the florets in the same flower head of the same color.
Homodemic	A morphological term signifying development, in the case of multicellular organisms, from the same unit deme or unit of the inferior orders of individuality.
Homodermic	Relating to homodermy; originating from the same germ layer.
Homodermy	Homology of the germinal layers.
Homodont	Having all the teeth similar in front, as in the porpoises; -- opposed to heterodont.
Homodromal	Alt. of Homodromous
Homodromous	Running in the same direction; -- said of stems twining round a support, or of the spiral succession of leaves on stems and their branches.
Homodromous	Moving in the same direction; -- said of a lever or pulley in which the resistance and the actuating force are both on the same side of the fulcrum or axis.
Homodynamic	Homodynamous.
Homodynamous	Pertaining to, or involving, homodynamy; as, successive or homodynamous parts in plants and animals.
Homodynamy	The homology of metameres. See Metamere.
Homoeomeria	The state or quality of being homogeneous in elements or first principles; likeness or identity of parts.
Homoeomeric	Alt. of Homoeomerical
Homoeomerical	Pertaining to, or characterized by, sameness of parts; receiving or advocating the doctrine of homogeneity of elements or first principles.
Homoeomerous	Having the main artery of the leg parallel with the sciatic nerve; -- said of certain birds.
Homoeomery	Same as Homoeomeria.
Homoeomorphism	A near similarity of crystalline forms between unlike chemical compounds. See Isomorphism.
Homoeomorphous	Manifesting homoeomorphism.
Homoeopathic	Alt. of Homoeopathy
Homoeopathist	Alt. of Homoeopathy
Homoeopathy	Same as Homeopathic, Homeopathist, Homeopathy.
Homoeothermal	See Homoiothermal.
Homoeozoic	Pertaining to, or including, similar forms or kinds of life; as, homoeozoic belts on the earth's surface.
Homogamous	Having all the flowers alike; -- said of such composite plants as Eupatorium, and the thistels.
Homogamy	The condition of being homogamous.
Homogangliate	Having the ganglia of the nervous system symmetrically arranged, as in certain invertebrates; -- opposed to heterogangliate.
Homogene	Homogeneous.
Homogeneal	Homogeneous.
Homogenealness	Homogeneousness.
Homogeneity	Same as Homogeneousness.
Homogeneous	Of the same kind of nature; consisting of similar parts, or of elements of the like nature; -- opposed to heterogeneous; as, homogeneous particles, elements, or principles; homogeneous bodies.
Homogeneous	Possessing the same number of factors of a given kind; as, a homogeneous polynomial.
Homogeneousness	Sameness 9kind or nature; uniformity of structure or material.
Homogenesis	That method of reproduction in which the successive generations are alike, the offspring, either animal or plant, running through the same cycle of existence as the parent; gamogenesis; -- opposed to heterogenesis.
Homogenetic	Homogenous; -- applied to that class of homologies which arise from similarity of structure, and which are taken as evidences of common ancestry.
Homogenous	Having a resemblance in structure, due to descent from a common progenitor with subsequent modification; homogenetic; -- applied both to animals and plants. See Homoplastic.
Homogeny	Joint nature.
Homogeny	The correspondence of common descent; -- a term used to supersede homology by Lankester, who also used homoplasy to denote any superinduced correspondence of position and structure in parts embryonically distinct (other writers using the term homoplasmy). Thus, there is homogeny between the fore limb of a mammal and the wing of a bird; but the right and left ventricles of the heart in both are only in homoplasy with each other, these having arisen independently since the divergence of both groups from a univentricular ancestor.
Homogonous	Having all the flowers of a plant alike in respect to the stamens and pistils.
Homogony	The condition of having homogonous flowers.
Homograph	One of two or more words identical in orthography, but having different derivations and meanings; as, fair, n., a market, and fair, a., beautiful.
Homographic	Employing a single and separate character to represent each sound; -- said of certain methods of spelling words.
Homographic	Possessing the property of homography.
Homography	That method of spelling in which every sound is represented by a single character, which indicates that sound and no other.
Homography	A relation between two figures, such that to any point of the one corresponds one and but one point in the other, and vise versa. Thus, a tangent line rolling on a circle cuts two fixed tangents of the circle in two sets of points that are homographic.
Homoioptoton	A figure in which the several parts of a sentence end with the same case, or inflection generally.
Homoiothermal	Maintaining a uniform temperature; haematothermal; homothermic; -- applied to warm-bodied animals, because they maintain a nearly uniform temperature in spite of the great variations in the surrounding air; in distinct from the cold-blooded (poikilothermal) animals, whose body temperature follows the variations in temperature of the surrounding medium.
Homoiousian	One of the semi-Arians of the 4th century, who held that the Son was of like, but not the same, essence or substance with the Father; -- opposed to homoousian.
Homoiousian	Of or pertaining to Homoiousians, or their belief.
Homologated	of Homologate
Homologating	of Homologate
Homologate	To approve; to allow; to confirm; as, the court homologates a proceeding.
Homologation	Confirmation or ratification (as of something otherwise null and void), by a court or a grantor.
Homological	Pertaining to homology; having a structural affinity proceeding from, or base upon, that kind of relation termed homology.
Homologinic	Pertaining to, or characterized by, homology; as, homologinic qualities, or differences.
Homologize	To determine the homologies or structural relations of.
Homologon	See Homologue.
Homologoumena	Those books of the New Testament which were acknowledged as canonical by the early church; -- distinguished from antilegomena.
Homologous	Having the same relative position, proportion, value, or structure.
Homologous	Corresponding in relative position and proportion.
Homologous	Having the same relative proportion or value, as the two antecedents or the two consequents of a proportion.
Homologous	Characterized by homology; belonging to the same type or series; corresponding in composition and properties. See Homology, 3.
Homologous	Being of the same typical structure; having like relations to a fundamental type to structure; as, those bones in the hand of man and the fore foot of a horse are homologous that correspond in their structural relations, that is, in their relations to the type structure of the fore limb in vertebrates.
Homolographic	Preserving the mutual relations of parts, especially as to size and form; maintaining relative proportion.
Homologue	That which is homologous to something else; as, the corresponding sides, etc., of similar polygons are the homologues of each other; the members or terms of an homologous series in chemistry are the homologues of each other; one of the bones in the hand of man is the homologue of that in the paddle of a whale.
Homology	The quality of being homologous; correspondence; relation; as, the homologyof similar polygons.
Homology	Correspondence or relation in type of structure in contradistinction to similarity of function; as, the relation in structure between the leg and arm of a man; or that between the arm of a man, the fore leg of a horse, the wing of a bird, and the fin of a fish, all these organs being modifications of one type of structure.
Homology	The correspondence or resemblance of substances belonging to the same type or series; a similarity of composition varying by a small, regular difference, and usually attended by a regular variation in physical properties; as, there is an homology between methane, CH4, ethane, C2H6, propane, C3H8, etc., all members of the paraffin series. In an extended sense, the term is applied to the relation between chemical elements of the same group; as, chlorine, bromine, and iodine are said to be in homology with each other.  Cf. Heterology.
Homomallous	Uniformly bending or curving to one side; -- said of leaves which grow on several sides of a stem.
Homomorphic	Alt. of Homomorphous
Homomorphous	Characterized by homomorphism.
Homomorphism	Same as Homomorphy.
Homomorphism	The possession, in one species of plants, of only one kind of flowers; -- opposed to heteromorphism, dimorphism, and trimorphism.
Homomorphism	The possession of but one kind of larvae or young, as in most insects.
Homomorphy	Similarity of form; resemblance in external characters, while widely different in fundamental structure; resemblance in geometric ground form. See Homophyly, Promorphology.
Homonomous	Of or pertaining to homonomy.
Homonomy	The homology of parts arranged on transverse axes.
Homonym	A word having the same sound as another, but differing from it in meaning; as the noun bear and the verb bear.
Homonymous	Having the same name or designation; standing in the same relation; -- opposed to heteronymous.
Homonymous	Having the same name or designation, but different meaning or relation; hence, equivocal; ambiguous.
Homonymously	In an homonymous manner; so as to have the same name or relation.
Homonymously	Equivocally; ambiguously.
Homonymy	Sameness of name or designation; identity in relations.
Homonymy	Sameness of name or designation of things or persons which are different; ambiguity.
Homoorgan	Same as Homoplast.
Homoousian	One of those, in the 4th century, who accepted the Nicene creed, and maintained that the Son had the same essence or substance with the Father; -- opposed to homoiousian.
Homoousian	Of or pertaining to the Homoousians, or to the doctrines they held.
Homophone	A letter or character which expresses a like sound with another.
Homophone	A word having the same sound as another, but differing from it in meaning and usually in spelling; as, all and awl; bare and bear; rite, write, right, and wright.
Homophonic	Alt. of Homophonous
Homophonous	Originally, sounding alike; of the same pitch; unisonous; monodic.
Homophonous	Now used for plain harmony, note against note, as opposed to polyphonic harmony, in which the several parts move independently, each with its own melody.
Homophonous	Expressing the same sound by a different combination of letters; as, bay and bey.
Homophony	Sameness of sound.
Homophony	Sameness of sound; unison.
Homophony	Plain harmony, as opposed to polyphony. See Homophonous.
Homophylic	Relating to homophily.
Homophyly	That form of homology due to common ancestry (phylogenetic homology), in opposition to homomorphy, to which genealogic basis is wanting.
Homoplasmy	Resemblance between different plants or animals, in external shape, in general habit, or in organs, which is not due to descent from a common ancestor, but to similar surrounding circumstances.
Homoplast	One of the plastids composing the idorgan of Haeckel; -- also called homoorgan.
Homoplastic	Of or pertaining to homoplasty; as, homoplasticorgans; homoplastic forms.
Homoplasty	The formation of homologous tissues.
Homoplasy	See Homogeny.
Homopolic	In promorphology, pertaining to or exhibiting that kind of organic form, in which the stereometric ground form is a pyramid, with similar poles. See Promorphology.
Homopter	One of the Homoptera.
Homoptera	A suborder of Hemiptera, in which both pairs of wings are similar in texture, and do not overlap when folded, as in the cicada. See Hemiptera.
Homopteran	An homopter.
Homopterous	Of or pertaining to the Homoptera.
Homostyled	Having only one form of pistils; -- said of the flowers of some plants.
Homosystemic	Developing, in the case of multicellular organisms, from the same embryonic systems into which the secondary unit (gastrula or plant enbryo) differentiates.
Homotaxia	Same as Homotaxis.
Homotaxial	Alt. of Homotaxic
Homotaxic	Relating to homotaxis.
Homotaxis	Similarly in arrangement of parts; -- the opposite of heterotaxy.
Homotaxy	Same as Homotaxis.
Homothermic	Alt. of Homothermous
Homothermous	Warm-blooded; homoiothermal; haematothermal.
Homotonous	Of the same tenor or tone; equable; without variation.
Homotropal	Alt. of Homotropous
Homotropous	Turned in the same direction with something else.
Homotropous	Having the radicle of the seed directed towards the hilum.
Homotypal	Of the same type of structure; pertaining to a homotype; as, homotypal parts.
Homotype	That which has the same fundamental type of structure with something else; thus, the right arm is the homotype of the right leg; one arm is the homotype of the other, etc.
Homotypic	Alt. of Homotypical
Homotypical	Same as Homotypal.
Homotypy	A term suggested by Haeckel to be instead of serial homology. See Homotype.
Homunculi	of Homunculus
Homunculus	A little man; a dwarf; a manikin.
Hond	Hand.
Hone	To pine; to lament; to long.
Hone	A kind of swelling in the cheek.
Hone	A stone of a fine grit, or a slab, as of metal, covered with an abrading substance or powder, used for sharpening cutting instruments, and especially for setting razors; an oilstone.
Honed	of Hone
Honing	of Hone
Hone	To sharpen on, or with, a hone; to rub on a hone in order to sharpen; as, to hone a razor.
Honest	Decent; honorable; suitable; becoming.
Honest	Characterized by integrity or fairness and straight/forwardness in conduct, thought, speech, etc.; upright; just; equitable; trustworthy; truthful; sincere; free from fraud, guile, or duplicity; not false; -- said of persons and acts, and of things to which a moral quality is imputed; as, an honest judge or merchant; an honest statement; an honest bargain; an honest business; an honest book; an honest confession.
Honest	Open; frank; as, an honest countenance.
Honest	Chaste; faithful; virtuous.
Honest	To adorn; to grace; to honor; to make becoming, appropriate, or honorable.
Honestation	The act of honesting; grace; adornment.
Honestetee	Honesty; honorableness.
Honestly	Honorably; becomingly; decently.
Honestly	In an honest manner; as, a contract honestly made; to live honestly; to speak honestly.
Honesty	Honor; honorableness; dignity; propriety; suitableness; decency.
Honesty	The quality or state of being honest; probity; fairness and straightforwardness of conduct, speech, etc.; integrity; sincerity; truthfulness; freedom from fraud or guile.
Honesty	Chastity; modesty.
Honesty	Satin flower; the name of two cruciferous herbs having large flat pods, the round shining partitions of which are more beautiful than the blossom; -- called also lunary and moonwort. Lunaria biennis is common honesty; L. rediva is perennial honesty.
Honewort	An umbelliferous plant of the genus Sison (S. Amomum); -- so called because used to cure a swelling called a hone.
Honey	A sweet viscid fluid, esp. that collected by bees from flowers of plants, and deposited in the cells of the honeycomb.
Honey	That which is sweet or pleasant, like honey.
Honey	Sweet one; -- a term of endearment.
Honeyed	of Honey
Honeying	of Honey
Honey	To be gentle, agreeable, or coaxing; to talk fondly; to use endearments; also, to be or become obsequiously courteous or complimentary; to fawn.
Honey	To make agreeable; to cover or sweeten with, or as with, honey.
Honey-bag	The receptacle for honey in a honeybee.
Honeybee	Any bee of the genus Apis, which lives in communities and collects honey, esp. the common domesticated hive bee (Apis mellifica), the Italian bee (A. ligustica), and the Arabiab bee (A. fasciata). The two latter are by many entomologists considered only varieties of the common hive bee. Each swarm of bees consists of a large number of workers (barren females), with, ordinarily, one queen or fertile female, but in the swarming season several young queens, and a number of males or drones, are produced.
Honeybird	The honey guide.
Honeycomb	A mass of hexagonal waxen cells, formed by bees, and used by them to hold their honey and their eggs.
Honeycomb	Any substance, as a easting of iron, a piece of worm-eaten wood, or of triple, etc., perforated with cells like a honeycomb.
Honeycombed	Formed or perforated like a honeycomb.
Honeydew	A sweet, saccharine substance, found on the leaves of trees and other plants in small drops, like dew. Two substances have been called by this name; one exuded from the plants, and the other secreted by certain insects, esp. aphids.
Honeydew	A kind of tobacco moistened with molasses.
Honeyed	Covered with honey.
Honeyed	Sweet, as, honeyed words.
Honeyless	Destitute of honey.
Honeymoon	The first month after marriage.
Honey-mouthed	Soft to sweet in speech; persuasive.
Honeystone	See Mellite.
Honeysucker	See Honey eater, under Honey.
Honeysuckle	One of several species of flowering plants, much admired for their beauty, and some for their fragrance.
Honeysuckled	Covered with honeysuckles.
Honey-sweet	Sweet as honey.
Honey-tongued	Sweet speaking; persuasive; seductive.
Honeyware	See Badderlocks.
Honeywort	A European plant of the genus Cerinthe, whose flowers are very attractive to bees.
Hong	A mercantile establishment or factory for foreign trade in China, as formerly at Canton; a succession of offices connected by a common passage and used for business or storage.
Hong	To hang.
Honied	See Honeyed.
Honiton lace	A kind of pillow lace, remarkable for the beauty of its figures; -- so called because chiefly made in Honiton, England.
Honk	The cry of a wild goose.
Honor	Esteem due or paid to worth; high estimation; respect; consideration; reverence; veneration; manifestation of respect or reverence.
Honor	That which rightfully attracts esteem, respect, or consideration; self-respect; dignity; courage; fidelity; especially, excellence of character; high moral worth; virtue; nobleness; specif., in men, integrity; uprightness; trustworthness; in women, purity; chastity.
Honor	A nice sense of what is right, just, and true, with course of life correspondent thereto; strict conformity to the duty imposed by conscience, position, or privilege.
Honor	That to which esteem or consideration is paid; distinguished position; high rank.
Honor	Fame; reputation; credit.
Honor	A token of esteem paid to worth; a mark of respect; a ceremonial sign of consideration; as, he wore an honor on his breast; military honors; civil honors.
Honor	A cause of respect and fame; a glory; an excellency; an ornament; as, he is an honor to his nation.
Honor	A title applied to the holders of certain honorable civil offices, or to persons of rank; as, His Honor the Mayor. See Note under Honorable.
Honor	A seigniory or lordship held of the king, on which other lordships and manors depended.
Honor	Academic or university prizes or distinctions; as, honors in classics.
Honor	The ace, king, queen, and jack of trumps. The ten and nine are sometimes called Dutch honors.
Honored	of Honor
Honoring	of Honor
Honor	To regard or treat with honor, esteem, or respect; to revere; to treat with deference and submission; when used of the Supreme Being, to reverence; to adore; to worship.
Honor	To dignify; to raise to distinction or notice; to bestow honor upon; to elevate in rank or station; to ennoble; to exalt; to glorify; hence, to do something to honor; to treat in a complimentary manner or with civility.
Honor	To accept and pay when due; as, to honora bill of exchange.
Honorable	Worthy of honor; fit to be esteemed or regarded; estimable; illustrious.
Honorable	High-minded; actuated by principles of honor, or a scrupulous regard to probity, rectitude, or reputation.
Honorable	Proceeding from an upright and laudable cause, or directed to a just and proper end; not base; irreproachable; fair; as, an honorable motive.
Honorable	Conferring honor, or produced by noble deeds.
Honorable	Worthy of respect; regarded with esteem; to be commended; consistent with honor or rectitude.
Honorable	Performed or accompanied with marks of honor, or with testimonies of esteem; an honorable burial.
Honorable	Of reputable association or use; respectable.
Honorable	An epithet of respect or distinction; as, the honorable Senate; the honorable gentleman.
Honorableness	The state of being honorable; eminence; distinction.
Honorableness	Conformity to the principles of honor, probity, or moral rectitude; fairness; uprightness; reputableness.
Honorably	In an honorable manner; in a manner showing, or consistent with, honor.
Honorably	Decently; becomingly.
Honorarium	Alt. of Honorary
Honorary	A fee offered to professional men for their services; as, an honorarium of one thousand dollars.
Honorary	An honorary payment, usually in recognition of services for which it is not usual or not lawful to assign a fixed business price.
Honorary	Done as a sign or evidence of honor; as, honorary services.
Honorary	Conferring honor, or intended merely to confer honor without emolument; as, an honorary degree.
Honorary	Holding a title or place without rendering service or receiving reward; as, an honorary member of a society.
Honorer	One who honors.
Honorific	Conferring honor; tending to honor.
Honorless	Destitute of honor; not honored.
Hont	See under Hunt.
Hoo	See Ho.
Hoo	Hurrah! -- an exclamation of triumphant joy.
-hood	A termination denoting state, condition, quality, character, totality, as in manhood, childhood, knighthood, brotherhood. Sometimes it is written, chiefly in obsolete words, in the form -head.
Hood	State; condition.
Hood	A covering or garment for the head or the head and shoulders, often attached to the body garment
Hood	A soft covering for the head, worn by women, which leaves only the face exposed.
Hood	A part of a monk's outer garment, with which he covers his head; a cowl.
Hood	A like appendage to a cloak or loose overcoat, that may be drawn up over the head at pleasure.
Hood	An ornamental fold at the back of an academic gown or ecclesiastical vestment; as, a master's hood.
Hood	A covering for a horse's head.
Hood	A covering for a hawk's head and eyes. See Illust. of Falcon.
Hood	Anything resembling a hood in form or use
Hood	The top or head of a carriage.
Hood	A chimney top, often contrived to secure a constant draught by turning with the wind.
Hood	A projecting cover above a hearth, forming the upper part of the fireplace, and confining the smoke to the flue.
Hood	The top of a pump.
Hood	A covering for a mortar.
Hood	The hood-shaped upper petal of some flowers, as of monkshood; -- called also helmet.
Hood	A covering or porch for a companion hatch.
Hood	The endmost plank of a strake which reaches the stem or stern.
Hooded	of Hood
Hooding	of Hood
Hood	To cover with a hood; to furnish with a hood or hood-shaped appendage.
Hood	To cover; to hide; to blind.
Hoodcap	See Hooded seal, under Hooded.
Hooded	Covered with a hood.
Hooded	Furnished with a hood or something like a hood.
Hooded	Hood-shaped; esp. (Bot.), rolled up like a cornet of paper; cuculate, as the spethe of the Indian turnip.
Hooded	Having the head conspicuously different in color from the rest of the plumage; -- said of birds.
Hooded	Having a hoodlike crest or prominence on the head or neck; as, the hooded seal; a hooded snake.
Hoodless	Having no hood.
Hoodlum	A young rowdy; a rough, lawless fellow.
Hoodman	The person blindfolded in the game called hoodman-blind.
Hoodman-blind	An old term for blindman's buff.
Hood molding	Alt. of Hood moulding
Hood moulding	A projecting molding over the head of an arch, forming the outermost member of the archivolt; -- called also hood mold.
Hoodoo	One who causes bad luck.
Hoodwink	To blind by covering the eyes.
Hoodwink	To cover; to hide.
Hoodwink	To deceive by false appearance; to impose upon.
Hoody	The hooded crow; also, in Scotland, the hooded gull.
Hoofs	of Hoof
Hooves	of Hoof
Hoof	The horny substance or case that covers or terminates the feet of certain animals, as horses, oxen, etc.
Hoof	A hoofed animal; a beast.
Hoof	See Ungula.
Hoof	To walk as cattle.
Hoof	To be on a tramp; to foot.
Hoofbound	Having a dry and contracted hoof, which occasions pain and lameness.
Hoofed	Furnished with hoofs.
Hoofless	Destitute of hoofs.
Hook	A piece of metal, or other hard material, formed or bent into a curve or at an angle, for catching, holding, or sustaining anything; as, a hook for catching fish; a hook for fastening a gate; a boat hook, etc.
Hook	That part of a hinge which is fixed to a post, and on which a door or gate hangs and turns.
Hook	An implement for cutting grass or grain; a sickle; an instrument for cutting or lopping; a billhook.
Hook	See Eccentric, and V-hook.
Hook	A snare; a trap.
Hook	A field sown two years in succession.
Hook	The projecting points of the thigh bones of cattle; -- called also hook bones.
Hooked	of Hook
Hooking	of Hook
Hook	To catch or fasten with a hook or hooks; to seize, capture, or hold, as with a hook, esp. with a disguised or baited hook; hence, to secure by allurement or artifice; to entrap; to catch; as, to hook a dress; to hook a trout.
Hook	To seize or pierce with the points of the horns, as cattle in attacking enemies; to gore.
Hook	To steal.
Hook	To bend; to curve as a hook.
Hookah	A pipe with a long, flexible stem, so arranged that the smoke is cooled by being made to pass through water.
Hook-billed	Having a strongly curved bill.
Hooked	Having the form of a hook; curvated; as, the hooked bill of a bird.
Hooked	Provided with a hook or hooks.
Hookedness	The state of being bent like a hook; incurvation.
Hooker	One who, or that which, hooks.
Hooker	A Dutch vessel with two masts.
Hooker	A fishing boat with one mast, used on the coast of Ireland.
Hooker	A sailor's contemptuous term for any antiquated craft.
Hooke's gearing	Spur gearing having teeth slanting across the face of the wheel, sometimes slanting in opposite directions from the middle.
Hooke's joint	A universal joint. See under Universal.
Hookey	See Hockey.
Hooklet	A little hook.
Hook-nosed	Having a hooked or aquiline nose.
Hooky	Full of hooks; pertaining to hooks.
Hool	Whole.
Hoolock	A small black gibbon (Hylobates hoolock), found in the mountains of Assam.
Hoom	Home.
Hoonoomaun	An Indian monkey. See Entellus.
Hoop	A pliant strip of wood or metal bent in a circular form, and united at the ends, for holding together the staves of casks, tubs, etc.
Hoop	A ring; a circular band; anything resembling a hoop, as the cylinder (cheese hoop) in which the curd is pressed in making cheese.
Hoop	A circle, or combination of circles, of thin whalebone, metal, or other elastic material, used for expanding the skirts of ladies' dresses; crinoline; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Hoop	A quart pot; -- so called because originally bound with hoops, like a barrel. Also, a portion of the contents measured by the distance between the hoops.
Hoop	An old measure of capacity, variously estimated at from one to four pecks.
Hooped	of Hoop
Hooping	of Hoop
Hoop	To bind or fasten with hoops; as, to hoop a barrel or puncheon.
Hoop	To clasp; to encircle; to surround.
Hoop	To utter a loud cry, or a sound imitative of the word, by way of call or pursuit; to shout.
Hoop	To whoop, as in whooping cough. See Whoop.
Hoop	To drive or follow with a shout.
Hoop	To call by a shout or peculiar cry.
Hoop	A shout; a whoop, as in whooping cough.
Hoop	The hoopoe. See Hoopoe.
Hooper	One who hoops casks or tubs; a cooper.
Hooper	The European whistling, or wild, swan (Olor cygnus); -- called also hooper swan, whooping swan, and elk.
Hoopoe	Alt. of Hoopoo
Hoopoo	A European bird of the genus Upupa (U. epops), having a beautiful crest, which it can erect or depress at pleasure. Called also hoop, whoop. The name is also applied to several other species of the same genus and allied genera.
Hoosier	A nickname given to an inhabitant of the State of Indiana.
Hooted	of Hoot
Hooting	of Hoot
Hoot	To cry out or shout in contempt.
Hoot	To make the peculiar cry of an owl.
Hoot	To assail with contemptuous cries or shouts; to follow with derisive shouts.
Hoot	A derisive cry or shout.
Hoot	The cry of an owl.
Hoove	A disease in cattle consisting in inflammation of the stomach by gas, ordinarily caused by eating too much green food; tympany; bloating.
Hooven	Alt. of Hoven
Hoven	Affected with hoove; as, hooven, or hoven, cattle.
Hopped	of Hop
Hopping	of Hop
Hop	To move by successive leaps, as toads do; to spring or jump on one foot; to skip, as birds do.
Hop	To walk lame; to limp; to halt.
Hop	To dance.
Hop	A leap on one leg, as of a boy; a leap, as of a toad; a jump; a spring.
Hop	A dance; esp., an informal dance of ball.
Hop	A climbing plant (Humulus Lupulus), having a long, twining, annual stalk. It is cultivated for its fruit (hops).
Hop	The catkin or strobilaceous fruit of the hop, much used in brewing to give a bitter taste.
Hop	The fruit of the dog-rose. See Hip.
Hop	To impregnate with hops.
Hop	To gather hops. [Perhaps only in the form Hopping, vb. n.]
Hopbine	Alt. of Hopbind
Hopbind	The climbing stem of the hop.
Hope	A sloping plain between mountain ridges.
Hope	A small bay; an inlet; a haven.
Hope	A desire of some good, accompanied with an expectation of obtaining it, or a belief that it is obtainable; an expectation of something which is thought to be desirable; confidence; pleasing expectancy.
Hope	One who, or that which, gives hope, furnishes ground of expectation, or promises desired good.
Hope	That which is hoped for; an object of hope.
Hoped	of Hope
Hoping	of Hope
Hope	To entertain or indulge hope; to cherish a desire of good, or of something welcome, with expectation of obtaining it or belief that it is obtainable; to expect; -- usually followed by for.
Hope	To place confidence; to trust with confident expectation of good; -- usually followed by in.
Hope	To desire with expectation or with belief in the possibility or prospect of obtaining; to look forward to as a thing desirable, with the expectation of obtaining it; to cherish hopes of.
Hope	To expect; to fear.
Hopeful	Full of hope, or agreeable expectation; inclined to hope; expectant.
Hopeful	Having qualities which excite hope; affording promise of good or of success; as, a hopeful youth; a hopeful prospect.
Hopeite	A hydrous phosphate of zinc in transparent prismatic crystals.
Hopeless	Destitute of hope; having no expectation of good; despairing.
Hopeless	Giving no ground of hope; promising nothing desirable; desperate; as, a hopeless cause.
Hopeless	Unhoped for; despaired of.
Hoper	One who hopes.
Hopingly	In a hopeful manner.
Hoplite	A heavy-armed infantry soldier.
Hop-o'-my-thumb	Alt. of Hop-thumb
Hop-thumb	A very diminutive person.
Hopped	Impregnated with hops.
Hopper	One who, or that which, hops.
Hopper	A chute, box, or receptacle, usually funnel-shaped with an opening at the lower part, for delivering or feeding any material, as to a machine; as, the wooden box with its trough through which grain passes into a mill by joining or shaking, or a funnel through which fuel passes into a furnace, or coal, etc., into a car.
Hopper	See Grasshopper, 2.
Hopper	A game. See Hopscotch.
Hopper	See Grasshopper, and Frog hopper, Grape hopper, Leaf hopper, Tree hopper, under Frog, Grape, Leaf, and Tree.
Hopper	The larva of a cheese fly.
Hopper	A vessel for carrying waste, garbage, etc., out to sea, so constructed as to discharge its load by a mechanical contrivance; -- called also dumping scow.
Hopperings	Gravel retaining in the hopper of a cradle.
Hoppestere	An unexplained epithet used by Chaucer in reference to ships. By some it is defined as "dancing (on the wave)"; by others as "opposing,"  "warlike."
Hoppet	A hand basket; also, a dish used by miners for measuring ore.
Hoppet	An infant in arms.
Hopping	The act of one who, or that which, hops; a jumping, frisking, or dancing.
Hopping	A gathering of hops.
Hoppled	of Hopple
Hoppling	of Hopple
Hopple	To impede by a hopple; to tie the feet of (a horse or a cow) loosely together; to hamper; to hobble; as, to hopple an unruly or straying horse.
Hopple	Fig.: To entangle; to hamper.
Hopple	A fetter for horses, or cattle, when turned out to graze; -- chiefly used in the plural.
Hopplebush	Same as Hobblebush.
Hoppo	A collector of customs, as at Canton; an overseer of commerce.
Hoppo	A tribunal or commission having charge of the revenue derived from trade and navigation.
Hopscotch	A child's game, in which a player, hopping on one foot, drives a stone from one compartment to another of a figure traced or scotched on the ground; -- called also hoppers.
Hop-thumb	See Hop-o'-my-thumb.
Hopyard	A field where hops are raised.
Horal	Of or pertaining to an hour, or to hours.
Horaly	Hourly.
Horary	Of or pertaining to an hour; noting the hours.
Horary	Occurring once an hour; continuing an hour; hourly; ephemeral.
Horatian	Of or pertaining to Horace, the Latin poet, or resembling his style.
Horde	A wandering troop or gang; especially, a clan or tribe of a nomadic people migrating from place to place for the sake of pasturage, plunder, etc.; a predatory multitude.
Hordeic	Pertaining to, or derived from, barley; as, hordeic acid, an acid identical or isomeric with lauric acid.
Hordein	A peculiar starchy matter contained in barley. It is complex mixture.
Hordeolum	A small tumor upon the eyelid, resembling a grain of barley; a sty.
Hordock	An unidentified plant mentioned by Shakespeare, perhaps equivalent to burdock.
Hore	Hoar.
Horehound	A plant of the genus Marrubium (M. vulgare), which has a bitter taste, and is a weak tonic, used as a household remedy for colds, coughing, etc.
Horizon	The circle which bounds that part of the earth's surface visible to a spectator from a given point; the apparent junction of the earth and sky.
Horizon	A plane passing through the eye of the spectator and at right angles to the vertical at a given place; a plane tangent to the earth's surface at that place; called distinctively the sensible horizon.
Horizon	A plane parallel to the sensible horizon of a place, and passing through the earth's center; -- called also rational / celestial horizon.
Horizon	The unbroken line separating sky and water, as seen by an eye at a given elevation, no land being visible.
Horizon	The epoch or time during which a deposit was made.
Horizon	The chief horizontal line in a picture of any sort, which determines in the picture the height of the eye of the spectator; in an extended landscape, the representation of the natural horizon corresponds with this line.
Horizontal	Pertaining to, or near, the horizon.
Horizontal	Parallel to the horizon; on a level; as, a horizontalline or surface.
Horizontal	Measured or contained in a plane of the horizon; as, horizontal distance.
Horizontality	The state or quality of being horizontal.
Horizontally	In a horizontal direction or position; on a level; as, moving horizontally.
Hormogonium	A chain of small cells in certain algae, by which the plant is propogated.
Horn	A hard, projecting, and usually pointed organ, growing upon the heads of certain animals, esp. of the ruminants, as cattle, goats, and the like. The hollow horns of the Ox family consist externally of true horn, and are never shed.
Horn	The antler of a deer, which is of bone throughout, and annually shed and renewed.
Horn	Any natural projection or excrescence from an animal, resembling or thought to resemble a horn in substance or form; esp.: (a) A projection from the beak of a bird, as in the hornbill. (b) A tuft of feathers on the head of a bird, as in the horned owl. (c) A hornlike projection from the head or thorax of an insect, or the head of a reptile, or fish. (d) A sharp spine in front of the fins of a fish, as in the horned pout.
Horn	An incurved, tapering and pointed appendage found in the flowers of the milkweed (Asclepias).
Horn	Something made of a horn, or in resemblance of a horn
Horn	A wind instrument of music; originally, one made of a horn (of an ox or a ram); now applied to various elaborately wrought instruments of brass or other metal, resembling a horn in shape.
Horn	A drinking cup, or beaker, as having been originally made of the horns of cattle.
Horn	The cornucopia, or horn of plenty.
Horn	A vessel made of a horn; esp., one designed for containing powder; anciently, a small vessel for carrying liquids.
Horn	The pointed beak of an anvil.
Horn	The high pommel of a saddle; also, either of the projections on a lady's saddle for supporting the leg.
Horn	The Ionic volute.
Horn	The outer end of a crosstree; also, one of the projections forming the jaws of a gaff, boom, etc.
Horn	A curved projection on the fore part of a plane.
Horn	One of the projections at the four corners of the Jewish altar of burnt offering.
Horn	One of the curved ends of a crescent; esp., an extremity or cusp of the moon when crescent-shaped.
Horn	The curving extremity of the wing of an army or of a squadron drawn up in a crescentlike form.
Horn	The tough, fibrous material of which true horns are composed, being, in the Ox family, chiefly albuminous, with some phosphate of lime; also, any similar substance, as that which forms the hoof crust of horses, sheep, and cattle; as, a spoon of horn.
Horn	A symbol of strength, power, glory, exaltation, or pride.
Horn	An emblem of a cuckold; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Horn	To furnish with horns; to give the shape of a horn to.
Horn	To cause to wear horns; to cuckold.
Hornbeak	A fish. See Hornfish.
Hornbeam	A tree of the genus Carpinus (C. Americana), having a smooth gray bark and a ridged trunk, the wood being white and very hard. It is common along the banks of streams in the United States, and is also called ironwood. The English hornbeam is C. Betulus. The American is called also blue beech and water beech.
Hornbill	Any bird of the family Bucerotidae, of which about sixty species are known, belonging to numerous genera. They inhabit the tropical parts of Asia, Africa, and the East Indies, and are remarkable for having a more or less horn-like protuberance, which is usually large and hollow and is situated on the upper side of the beak. The size of the hornbill varies from that of a pigeon to that of a raven, or even larger. They feed chiefly upon fruit, but some species eat dead animals.
Hornblende	The common black, or dark green or brown, variety of amphibole. (See Amphibole.) It belongs to the aluminous division of the species, and is also characterized by its containing considerable iron. Also used as a general term to include the whole species.
Hornblendic	Composed largely of hornblende; resembling or relating to hornblende.
Hornblower	One who, or that which, blows a horn.
Hornbook	The first book for children, or that from which in former times they learned their letters and rudiments; -- so called because a sheet of horn covered the small, thin board of oak, or the slip of paper, on which the alphabet, digits, and often the Lord's Prayer, were written or printed; a primer.
Hornbook	A book containing the rudiments of any science or branch of knowledge; a manual; a handbook.
Hornbug	A large nocturnal beetle of the genus Lucanus (as L. capreolus, and L. dama), having long, curved upper jaws, resembling a sickle. The grubs are found in the trunks of old trees.
Horned	Furnished with a horn or horns; furnished with a hornlike process or appendage; as, horned cattle; having some part shaped like a horn.
Hornedness	The condition of being horned.
Hornel	The European sand eel.
Horner	One who works or deal in horn or horns.
Horner	One who winds or blows the horn.
Horner	One who horns or cuckolds.
Horner	The British sand lance or sand eel (Ammodytes lanceolatus).
Hornet	A large, strong wasp. The European species (Vespa crabro) is of a dark brown and yellow color. It is very pugnacious, and its sting is very severe. Its nest is constructed of a paperlike material, and the layers of comb are hung together by columns. The American white-faced hornet (V. maculata) is larger and has similar habits.
Hornfish	The garfish or sea needle.
Hornfoot	Having hoofs; hoofed.
Hornify	To horn; to cuckold.
Horning	Appearance of the moon when increasing, or in the form of a crescent.
Hornish	Somewhat like horn; hard.
Hornito	A low, oven-shaped mound, common in volcanic regions, and emitting smoke and vapors from its sides and summit.
Hornless	Having no horn.
Horn-mad	Quite mad; -- raving crazy.
Hornotine	A yearling; a bird of the year.
Hornowl	See Horned Owl.
Hornpike	The garfish.
Hornpipe	An instrument of music formerly popular in Wales, consisting of a wooden pipe, with holes at intervals. It was so called because the bell at the open end was sometimes made of horn.
Hornpipe	A lively tune played on a hornpipe, for dancing; a tune adapted for such playing.
Hornpout	See Horned pout, under Horned.
Hornsnake	A harmless snake (Farancia abacura), found in the Southern United States. The color is bluish black above, red below.
Hornstone	A siliceous stone, a variety of quartz, closely resembling flint, but more brittle; -- called also chert.
Horntail	Any one of family (Uroceridae) of large hymenopterous insects, allied to the sawflies. The larvae bore in the wood of trees. So called from the long, stout ovipositors of the females.
Hornwork	An outwork composed of two demibastions joined by a curtain. It is connected with the works in rear by long wings.
Hornwort	An aquatic plant (Ceratophyllum), with finely divided leaves.
Hornwrack	A bryozoan of the genus Flustra.
Horny	Having horns or hornlike projections.
Horny	Composed or made of horn, or of a substance resembling horn; of the nature of horn.
Horny	Hard; callous.
Horny-handed	Having the hands horny and callous from labor.
Hornyhead	Any North American river chub of the genus Hybopsis, esp. H. biguttatus.
Horography	An account of the hours.
Horography	The art of constructing instruments for making the hours, as clocks, watches, and dials.
Horologe	A servant who called out the hours.
Horologe	An instrument indicating the time of day; a timepiece of any kind; a watch, clock, or dial.
Horologer	A maker or vender of clocks and watches; one skilled in horology.
Horological	Relating to a horologe, or to horology.
Horologiographer	A maker of clocks, watches, or dials.
Horologiographic	Of or pertaining to horologiography.
Horologiography	An account of instruments that show the hour.
Horologiography	The art of constructing clocks or dials; horography.
Horologist	One versed in horology.
Horology	The science of measuring time, or the principles and art of constructing instruments for measuring and indicating portions of time, as clocks, watches, dials, etc.
Horometer	An instrument for measuring time.
Horometrical	Belonging to horometry.
Horometry	The art, practice, or method of measuring time by hours and subordinate divisions.
Horopter	The line or surface in which are situated all the points which are seen single while the point of sight, or the adjustment of the eyes, remains unchanged.
Horopteric	Of or pertaining to the horopter.
Horoscope	The representation made of the aspect of the heavens at the moment of a person's birth, by which the astrologer professed to foretell the events of the person's life; especially, the sign of the zodiac rising above the horizon at such a moment.
Horoscope	The diagram or scheme of twelve houses or signs of the zodiac, into which the whole circuit of the heavens was divided for the purposes of such prediction of fortune.
Horoscope	The planisphere invented by Jean Paduanus.
Horoscope	A table showing the length of the days and nights at all places.
Horoscoper	Alt. of Horoscopist
Horoscopist	One versed in horoscopy; an astrologer.
Horoscopy	The art or practice of casting horoscopes, or observing the disposition of the stars, with a view to prediction events.
Horoscopy	Aspect of the stars at the time of a person's birth.
Horrendous	Fearful; frightful.
Horrent	Standing erect, as bristles; covered with bristling points; bristled; bristling.
Horrible	Exciting, or tending to excite, horror or fear; dreadful; terrible; shocking; hideous; as, a horrible sight; a horrible story; a horrible murder.
Horribleness	The state or quality of being horrible; dreadfulness; hideousness.
Horribly	In a manner to excite horror; dreadfully; terribly.
Horrid	Rough; rugged; bristling.
Horrid	Fitted to excite horror; dreadful; hideous; shocking; hence, very offensive.
Horridly	In a horrid manner.
Horridness	The quality of being horrid.
Horrific	Causing horror; frightful.
Horrification	That which causes horror.
Horrified	of Horrify
Horrifying	of Horrify
Horrify	To cause to feel horror; to strike or impress with horror; as, the sight horrified the beholders.
Horripilation	A real or fancied bristling of the hair of the head or body, resulting from disease, terror, chilliness, etc.
Horrisonant	Horrisonous.
Horrisonous	Sounding dreadfully; uttering a terrible sound.
Horror	A bristling up; a rising into roughness; tumultuous movement.
Horror	A shaking, shivering, or shuddering, as in the cold fit which precedes a fever; in old medical writings, a chill of less severity than a rigor, and more marked than an algor.
Horror	A painful emotion of fear, dread, and abhorrence; a shuddering with terror and detestation; the feeling inspired by something frightful and shocking.
Horror	That which excites horror or dread, or is horrible; gloom; dreariness.
Horror-sticken	Struck with horror; horrified.
Horror-struck	Horror-stricken; horrified.
Hors de combat	Out of the combat; disabled from fighting.
Horse	A hoofed quadruped of the genus Equus; especially, the domestic horse (E. caballus), which was domesticated in Egypt and Asia at a very early period. It has six broad molars, on each side of each jaw, with six incisors, and two canine teeth, both above and below. The mares usually have the canine teeth rudimentary or wanting. The horse differs from the true asses, in having a long, flowing mane, and the tail bushy to the base. Unlike the asses it has callosities, or chestnuts, on all its legs. The horse excels in strength, speed, docility, courage, and nobleness of character, and is used for drawing, carrying, bearing a rider, and like purposes.
Horse	The male of the genus horse, in distinction from the female or male; usually, a castrated male.
Horse	Mounted soldiery; cavalry; -- used without the plural termination; as, a regiment of horse; -- distinguished from foot.
Horse	A frame with legs, used to support something; as, a clotheshorse, a sawhorse, etc.
Horse	A frame of timber, shaped like a horse, on which soldiers were made to ride for punishment.
Horse	Anything, actual or figurative, on which one rides as on a horse; a hobby.
Horse	A mass of earthy matter, or rock of the same character as the wall rock, occurring in the course of a vein, as of coal or ore; hence, to take horse -- said of a vein -- is to divide into branches for a distance.
Horse	See Footrope, a.
Horse	A breastband for a leadsman.
Horse	An iron bar for a sheet traveler to slide upon.
Horse	A jackstay.
Horsed	of Horse
Horsing	of Horse
Horse	To provide with a horse, or with horses; to mount on, or as on, a horse.
Horse	To sit astride of; to bestride.
Horse	To cover, as a mare; -- said of the male.
Horse	To take or carry on the back; as, the keeper, horsing a deer.
Horse	To place on the back of another, or on a wooden horse, etc., to be flogged; to subject to such punishment.
Horse	To get on horseback.
Horseback	The back of a horse.
Horseback	An extended ridge of sand, gravel, and bowlders, in a half-stratified condition.
Horse-chestnut	The large nutlike seed of a species of Aesculus (Ae. Hippocastanum), formerly ground, and fed to horses, whence the name.
Horse-chestnut	The tree itself, which was brought from Constantinople in the beginning of the sixteenth century, and is now common in the temperate zones of both hemispheres. The native American species are called buckeyes.
Horse-drench	A dose of physic for a horse.
Horse-drench	The appliance by which the dose is administred.
Horsefish	The moonfish (Selene setipinnis).
Horsefish	The sauger.
Horseflesh	The flesh of horses.
Horseflesh	Horses, generally; the qualities of a horse; as, he is a judge of horseflesh.
Horseflies	of Horsefly
Horsefly	Any dipterous fly of the family Tabanidae, that stings horses, and sucks their blood.
Horsefly	The horse tick or forest fly (Hippobosca).
Horsefeet	of Horsefoot
Horsefoot	The coltsfoot.
Horsefoot	The Limulus or horseshoe crab.
Horse Guards	A body of cavalry so called; esp., a British regiment, called the Royal Horse Guards, which furnishes guards of state for the sovereign.
Horsehair	A hair of a horse, especially one from the mane or tail; the hairs of the mane or tail taken collectively; a fabric or tuft made of such hairs.
Horsehead	The silver moonfish (Selene vomer).
Horsehide	The hide of a horse.
Horsehide	Leather made of the hide of a horse.
Horse-jockey	A professional rider and trainer of race horses.
Horse-jockey	A trainer and dealer in horses.
Horseknop	Knapweed.
Horselaugh	A loud, boisterous laugh; a guffaw.
Horse-leech	A large blood-sucking leech (Haemopsis vorax), of Europe and Northern Africa. It attacks the lips and mouths of horses.
Horse-leech	A farrier; a veterinary surgeon.
Horse-leechery	The business of a farrier; especially, the art of curing the diseases of horses.
Horse-litter	A carriage hung on poles, and borne by and between two horses.
Horsemen	of Horseman
Horseman	A rider on horseback; one skilled in the management of horses; a mounted man.
Horseman	A mounted soldier; a cavalryman.
Horseman	A land crab of the genus Ocypoda, living on the coast of Brazil and the West Indies, noted for running very swiftly.
Horseman	A West Indian fish of the genus Eques, as the light-horseman (E. lanceolatus).
Horsemanship	The act or art of riding, and of training and managing horses; manege.
Horsemint	A coarse American plant of the Mint family (Monarda punctata).
Horsemint	In England, the wild mint (Mentha sylvestris).
Horsenail	A thin, pointed nail, with a heavy flaring head, for securing a horsehoe to the hoof; a horsehoe nail.
Horseplay	Rude, boisterous play.
Horsepond	A pond for watering horses.
Horse power	The power which a horse exerts.
Horse power	A unit of power, used in stating the power required to drive machinery, and in estimating the capabilities of animals or steam engines and other prime movers for doing work. It is the power required for the performance of work at the rate of 33,000 English units of work per minute; hence, it is the power that must be exerted in lifting 33,000 pounds at the rate of one foot per minute, or 550 pounds at the rate of one foot per second, or 55 pounds at the rate of ten feet per second, etc.
Horse power	A machine worked by a horse, for driving other machinery; a horse motor.
Horse-radish	A plant of the genus Nasturtium (N. Armoracia), allied to scurvy grass, having a root of a pungent taste, much used, when grated, as a condiment and in medicine.
Horserake	A rake drawn by a horse.
Horseshoe	A shoe for horses, consisting of a narrow plate of iron in form somewhat like the letter U, nailed to a horse's hoof.
Horseshoe	Anything shaped like a horsehoe crab.
Horseshoe	The Limulus of horsehoe crab.
Horseshoer	One who shoes horses.
Horseshoeing	The act or employment of shoeing horses.
Horsetail	A leafless plant, with hollow and rushlike stems. It is of the genus Equisetum, and is allied to the ferns. See Illust. of Equisetum.
Horsetail	A Turkish standard, denoting rank.
Horseweed	A composite plant (Erigeron Canadensis), which is a common weed.
Horsewhip	A whip for horses.
Horsewhip	To flog or chastise with a horsewhip.
Horsewomen	of Horsewoman
Horsewoman	A woman who rides on horseback.
Horsewood	A West Indian tree (Calliandra latifolia) with showy, crimson blossoms.
Horseworm	The larva of a botfly.
Horsiness	The condition or quality of being a horse; that which pertains to a horse.
Horsiness	Fondness for, or interest in, horses.
Horsly	Horselike.
Horsy	Pertaining to, or suggestive of, a horse, or of horse racing; as, horsy manners; garments of fantastically horsy fashions.
Hortation	The act of exhorting, inciting, or giving advice; exhortation.
Hortative	Giving exhortation; advisory; exhortative.
Hortative	An exhortation.
Hortatory	Giving exhortation or advise; encouraging; exhortatory; inciting; as, a hortatory speech.
Hortensial	Fit for a garden.
Horticultor	One who cultivates a garden.
Horticultural	Of or pertaining to horticulture, or the culture of gardens or orchards.
Horticulture	The cultivation of a garden or orchard; the art of cultivating gardens or orchards.
Horticulturist	One who practices horticulture.
Hortulan	Belonging to a garden.
Hortus siccus	A collection of specimens of plants, dried and preserved, and arranged systematically; an herbarium.
Hortyard	An orchard.
Hosannas	of Hosanna
Hosanna	A Hebrew exclamation of praise to the Lord, or an invocation of blessings.
Hose	of Hose
Hosen	of Hose
Hose	Close-fitting trousers or breeches, as formerly worn, reaching to the knee.
Hose	Covering for the feet and lower part of the legs; a stocking or stockings.
Hose	A flexible pipe, made of leather, India rubber, or other material, and used for conveying fluids, especially water, from a faucet, hydrant, or fire engine.
Hosen	See Hose.
Hosier	One who deals in hose or stocking, or in goods knit or woven like hose.
Hosiery	The business of a hosier.
Hosiery	Stockings, in general; goods knit or woven like hose.
Hospice	A convent or monastery which is also a place of refuge or entertainment for travelers on some difficult road or pass, as in the Alps; as, the Hospice of the Great St. Bernard.
Hospitable	Receiving and entertaining strangers or guests with kindness and without reward; kind to strangers and guests; characterized by hospitality.
Hospitable	Proceeding from or indicating kindness and generosity to guests and strangers; as, hospitable rites.
Hospitableness	The quality of being hospitable; hospitality.
Hospitably	In a hospitable manner.
Hospitage	Hospitality.
Hospital	A place for shelter or entertainment; an inn.
Hospital	A building in which the sick, injured, or infirm are received and treated; a public or private institution founded for reception and cure, or for the refuge, of persons diseased in body or mind, or disabled, infirm, or dependent, and in which they are treated either at their own expense, or more often by charity in whole or in part; a tent, building, or other place where the sick or wounded of an army cared for.
Hospital	Hospitable.
Hospitaler	One residing in a hospital, for the purpose of receiving the poor, the sick, and strangers.
Hospitaler	One of an order of knights who built a hospital at Jerusalem for pilgrims, A. D. 1042.  They were called Knights of St. John of Jerusalem, and after the removal of the order to Malta, Knights of Malta.
Hospitalism	A vitiated condition of the body, due to long confinement in a hospital, or the morbid condition of the atmosphere of a hospital.
Hospitalities	of Hospitality
Hospitality	The act or practice of one who is hospitable; reception and entertainment of strangers or guests without reward, or with kind and generous liberality.
Hospitalize	To render (a building) unfit for habitation, by long continued use as a hospital.
Hospitate	To receive hospitality; to be a guest.
Hospitate	To receive with hospitality; to lodge as a guest.
Hospitium	An inn; a lodging; a hospice.
Hospitium	An inn of court.
Hospodar	A title borne by the princes or governors of Moldavia and Wallachia before those countries were united as Roumania.
Host	The consecrated wafer, believed to be the body of Christ, which in the Mass is offered as a sacrifice; also, the bread before consecration.
Host	An army; a number of men gathered for war.
Host	Any great number or multitude; a throng.
Host	One who receives or entertains another, whether gratuitously or for compensation; one from whom another receives food, lodging, or entertainment; a landlord.
Host	To give entertainment to.
Host	To lodge at an inn; to take up entertainment.
Hostage	A person given as a pledge or security for the performance of the conditions of a treaty or stipulations of any kind, on the performance of which the person is to be released.
Hostel	An inn.
Hostel	A small, unendowed college in Oxford or Cambridge.
Hosteler	The keeper of a hostel or inn.
Hosteler	A student in a hostel, or small unendowed collede in Oxford or Cambridge.
Hostelry	An inn; a lodging house.
Hostess	A female host; a woman who hospitably entertains guests at her house.
Hostess	A woman who entertains guests for compensation; a female innkeeper.
Hostess-ship	The character, personality, or office of a hostess.
Hostie	The consecrated wafer; the host.
Hostile	Belonging or appropriate to an enemy; showing the disposition of an enemy; showing ill will and malevolence, or a desire to thwart and injure; occupied by an enemy or enemies; inimical; unfriendly; as, a hostile force; hostile intentions; a hostile country; hostile to a sudden change.
Hostile	An enemy; esp., an American Indian in arms against the whites; -- commonly in the plural.
Hostilely	In a hostile manner.
Hostilities	of Hostility
Hostility	State of being hostile; public or private enemy; unfriendliness; animosity.
Hostility	An act of an open enemy; a hostile deed; especially in the plural, acts of warfare; attacks of an enemy.
Hostilize	To make hostile; to cause to become an enemy.
Hosting	An encounter; a battle.
Hosting	A muster or review.
Hostler	An innkeeper. [Obs.] See Hosteler.
Hostler	The person who has the care of horses at an inn or stable; hence, any one who takes care of horses; a groom; -- so called because the innkeeper formerly attended to this duty in person.
Hostler	The person who takes charge of a locomotive when it is left by the engineer after a trip.
Hostless	Inhospitable.
Hostry	A hostelry; an inn or lodging house.
Hostry	A stable for horses.
Hot	imp. & p. p. of Hote.
Hot	Having much sensible heat; exciting the feeling of warmth in a great degree; very warm; -- opposed to cold, and exceeding warm in degree; as, a hot stove; hot water or air.
Hot	Characterized by heat, ardor, or animation; easily excited; firely; vehement; passionate; violent; eager.
Hot	Lustful; lewd; lecherous.
Hot	Acrid; biting; pungent; as, hot as mustard.
Hotbed	A bed of earth heated by fermenting manure or other substances, and covered with glass, intended for raising early plants, or for nourishing exotics.
Hotbed	A place which favors rapid growth or development; as, a hotbed of sedition.
Hot blast	See under Blast.
Hot-blooded	Having hot blood; excitable; high-spirited; irritable; ardent; passionate.
Hot-brained	Ardent in temper; violent; rash; impetuous; as, hot-brained youth.
Hotchpot	Alt. of Hotchpotch
Hotchpotch	A mingled mass; a confused mixture; a stew of various ingredients; a hodgepodge.
Hotchpotch	A blending of property for equality of division, as when lands given in frank-marriage to one daughter were, after the death of the ancestor, blended with the lands descending to her and to her sisters from the same ancestor, and then divided in equal portions among all the daughters. In modern usage, a mixing together, or throwing into a common mass or stock, of the estate left by a person deceased and the amounts advanced to any particular child or children, for the purpose of a more equal division, or of equalizing the shares of all the children; the property advanced being accounted for at its value when given.
Hotcockles	A childish play, in which one covers his eyes, and guesses who strikes him or his hand placed behind him.
Hatte	of Hote
Hot	of Hote
Hote	of Hote
Hoten	of Hote
Hot	of Hote
Hote	To command; to enjoin.
Hote	To promise.
Hote	To be called; to be named.
Hotel	A house for entertaining strangers or travelers; an inn or public house, of the better class.
Hotel	In France, the mansion or town residence of a person of rank or wealth.
Hotel-de-ville	A city hall or townhouse.
Hotel-Dieu	A hospital.
Hoten	p. p. of Hote.
Hotfoot	In haste; foothot.
Hot-head	A violent, passionate person; a hasty or impetuous person; as, the rant of a hot-head.
Hot-headed	Fiery; violent; rash; hasty; impetuous; vehement.
Hothouse	A house kept warm to shelter tender plants and shrubs from the cold air; a place in which the plants of warmer climates may be reared, and fruits ripened.
Hothouse	A bagnio, or bathing house.
Hothouse	A brothel; a bagnio.
Hothouse	A heated room for drying green ware.
Hot-livered	Of an excitable or irritable temperament; irascible.
Hotly	In a hot or fiery manner; ardently; vehemently; violently; hastily; as, a hotly pursued.
Hotly	In a lustful manner; lustfully.
Hot-mouthed	Headstrong.
Hotness	The quality or state of being hot.
Hotness	Heat or excitement of mind or manner; violence; vehemence; impetuousity; ardor; fury.
Hotpress	To apply to, in conjunction with mechanical pressure, for the purpose of giving a smooth and glosay surface, or to express oil, etc.; as, to hotpress paper, linen, etc.
Hotpressed	Pressed while heat is applied. See Hotpress, v. t.
Hot-short	More or less brittle when heated; as, hot-short iron.
Hot-spirited	Having a fiery spirit; hot-headed.
Hotspur	A rash, hot-headed man.
Hotspur	Alt. of Hotspurred
Hotspurred	Violent; impetuous; headstrong.
Hottentot	One of a degraded and savage race of South Africa, with yellowish brown complexion, high cheek bones, and wooly hair growing in tufts.
Hottentot	The language of the Hottentots, which is remarkable for its clicking sounds.
Hottentotism	A term employed to describe one of the varieties of stammering.
Houdah	See Howdah.
Hough	Same as Hock, a joint.
Houghed	of Hough
Houghing	of Hough
Hough	Same as Hock, to hamstring.
Hough	An adz; a hoe.
Hough	To cut with a hoe.
Houlet	An owl. See Howlet.
Hoult	A piece of woodland; a small wood. [Obs.] See Holt.
Hound	A variety of the domestic dog, usually having large, drooping ears, esp. one which hunts game by scent, as the foxhound, bloodhound, deerhound, but also used for various breeds of fleet hunting dogs, as the greyhound, boarhound, etc.
Hound	A despicable person.
Hound	A houndfish.
Hound	Projections at the masthead, serving as a support for the trestletrees and top to rest on.
Hound	A side bar used to strengthen portions of the running gear of a vehicle.
Hounded	of Hound
Hounding	of Hound
Hound	To set on the chase; to incite to pursuit; as, to hounda dog at a hare; to hound on pursuers.
Hound	To hunt or chase with hounds, or as with hounds.
Houndfish	Any small shark of the genus Galeus or Mustelus, of which there are several species, as the smooth houndfish (G. canis), of Europe and America; -- called also houndshark, and dogfish.
Hounding	The act of one who hounds.
Hounding	The part of a mast below the hounds and above the deck.
Hound's-tongue	A biennial weed (Cynoglossum officinale), with soft tongue-shaped leaves, and an offensive odor. It bears nutlets covered with barbed or hooked prickles. Called also dog's-tongue.
Houp	See Hoopoe.
Hour	The twenty-fourth part of a day; sixty minutes.
Hour	The time of the day, as expressed in hours and minutes, and indicated by a timepiece; as, what is the hour? At what hour shall we meet?
Hour	Fixed or appointed time; conjuncture; a particular time or occasion; as, the hour of greatest peril; the man for the hour.
Hour	Certain prayers to be repeated at stated times of the day, as matins and vespers.
Hour	A measure of distance traveled.
Hourglass	An instrument for measuring time, especially the interval of an hour. It consists of a glass vessel having two compartments, from the uppermost of which a quantity of sand, water, or mercury occupies an hour in running through a small aperture unto the lower.
Houris	of Houri
Houri	A nymph of paradise; -- so called by the Mohammedans.
Hourly	Happening or done every hour; occurring hour by hour; frequent; often repeated; renewed hour by hour; continual.
Hourly	Every hour; frequently; continually.
Hours	Goddess of the seasons, or of the hours of the day.
Housage	A fee for keeping goods in a house.
Houses	of House
House	A structure intended or used as a habitation or shelter for animals of any kind; but especially, a building or edifice for the habitation of man; a dwelling place, a mansion.
House	Household affairs; domestic concerns; particularly in the phrase to keep house. See below.
House	Those who dwell in the same house; a household.
House	A family of ancestors, descendants, and kindred; a race of persons from the same stock; a tribe; especially, a noble family or an illustrious race; as, the house of Austria; the house of Hanover; the house of Israel.
House	One of the estates of a kingdom or other government assembled in parliament or legislature; a body of men united in a legislative capacity; as, the House of Lords; the House of Commons; the House of Representatives; also, a quorum of such a body. See Congress, and Parliament.
House	A firm, or commercial establishment.
House	A public house; an inn; a hotel.
House	A twelfth part of the heavens, as divided by six circles intersecting at the north and south points of the horizon, used by astrologers in noting the positions of the heavenly bodies, and casting horoscopes or nativities. The houses were regarded as fixed in respect to the horizon, and numbered from the one at the eastern horizon, called the ascendant, first house, or house of life, downward, or in the direction of the earth's revolution, the stars and planets passing through them in the reverse order every twenty-four hours.
House	A square on a chessboard, regarded as the proper place of a piece.
House	An audience; an assembly of hearers, as at a lecture, a theater, etc.; as, a thin or a full house.
House	The body, as the habitation of the soul.
House	The grave.
Housed	of House
Housing	of House
House	To take or put into a house; to shelter under a roof; to cover from the inclemencies of the weather; to protect by covering; as, to house one's family in a comfortable home; to house farming utensils; to house cattle.
House	To drive to a shelter.
House	To admit to residence; to harbor.
House	To deposit and cover, as in the grave.
House	To stow in a safe place; to take down and make safe; as, to house the upper spars.
House	To take shelter or lodging; to abide to dwell; to lodge.
House	To have a position in one of the houses. See House, n., 8.
Housebote	Wood allowed to a tenant for repairing the house and for fuel. This latter is often called firebote. See Bote.
Housebreaker	One who is guilty of the crime of housebreaking.
Housebreaking	The act of breaking open and entering, with a felonious purpose, the dwelling house of another, whether done by day or night. See Burglary, and To break a house, under Break.
Housebuilder	One whose business is to build houses; a housewright.
Housecarl	A household servant; also, one of the bodyguard of King Canute.
Household	Those who dwell under the same roof and compose a family.
Household	A line of ancestory; a race or house.
Household	Belonging to the house and family; domestic; as, household furniture; household affairs.
Householder	The master or head of a family; one who occupies a house with his family.
Housekeeper	One who occupies a house with his family; a householder; the master or mistress of a family.
Housekeeper	One who does, or oversees, the work of keeping house; as, his wife is a good housekeeper; often, a woman hired to superintend the servants of a household and manage the ordinary domestic affairs.
Housekeeper	One who exercises hospitality, or has a plentiful and hospitable household.
Housekeeper	One who keeps or stays much at home.
Housekeeper	A house dog.
Housekeeping	The state of occupying a dwelling house as a householder.
Housekeeping	Care of domestic concerns; management of a house and home affairs.
Housekeeping	Hospitality; a liberal and hospitable table; a supply of provisions.
Housekeeping	Domestic; used in a family; as, housekeeping commodities.
Housel	The eucharist.
Housel	To administer the eucharist to.
Houseleek	A succulent plant of the genus Sempervivum (S. tectorum), originally a native of subalpine Europe, but now found very generally on old walls and roofs. It is very tenacious of life under drought and heat; -- called also ayegreen.
Houseless	Destitute of the shelter of a house; shelterless; homeless; as, a houseless wanderer.
Houselessness	The state of being houseless.
Houseline	A small line of three strands used for seizing; -- called also housing.
Houseling	Same as Housling.
Housemaid	A female servant employed to do housework, esp. to take care of the rooms.
Housemate	One who dwells in the same house with another.
Houseroom	Room or place in a house; as, to give any one houseroom.
Housewarming	A feast or merry-making made by or for a family or business firm on taking possession of a new house or premises.
Housewife	The wife of a householder; the mistress of a family; the female head of a household.
Housewife	A little case or bag for materials used in sewing, and for other articles of female work; -- called also hussy.
Housewife	A hussy.
Housewife	Alt. of Housewive
Housewive	To manage with skill and economy, as a housewife or other female manager; to economize.
Housewifely	Pertaining or appropriate to a housewife; domestic; economical; prudent.
Housewifery	The business of the mistress of a family; female management of domestic concerns.
Housework	The work belonging to housekeeping; especially, kitchen work, sweeping, scrubbing, bed making, and the like.
Housewright	A builder of houses.
Housing	The act of putting or receiving under shelter; the state of dwelling in a habitation.
Housing	That which shelters or covers; houses, taken collectively.
Housing	The space taken out of one solid, to admit the insertion of part of another, as the end of one timber in the side of another.
Housing	A niche for a statue.
Housing	A frame or support for holding something in place, as journal boxes, etc.
Housing	That portion of a mast or bowsprit which is beneath the deck or within the vessel.
Housing	A covering or protection, as an awning over the deck of a ship when laid up.
Housing	A houseline. See Houseline.
Housing	A cover or cloth for a horse's saddle, as an ornamental or military appendage; a saddlecloth; a horse cloth; in plural, trappings.
Housing	An appendage to the hames or collar of a harness.
Housling	Sacramental; as, housling fire.
Houss	A saddlecloth; a housing.
Houtou	A beautiful South American motmot.
Houve	A head covering of various kinds; a hood; a coif; a cap.
Houyhnhnm	One of the race of horses described by Swift in his imaginary travels of Lemuel Gulliver. The Houyhnhnms were endowed with reason and noble qualities; subject to them were Yahoos, a race of brutes having the form and all the worst vices of men.
Hove	imp. & p. p. of Heave.
Hove	To rise; to swell; to heave; to cause to swell.
Hove	To hover around; to loiter; to lurk.
Hovel	An open shed for sheltering cattle, or protecting produce, etc., from the weather.
Hovel	A poor cottage; a small, mean house; a hut.
Hovel	A large conical brick structure around which the firing kilns are grouped.
Hoveled	of Hovel
Hovelled	of Hovel
Hoveling	of Hovel
Hovelling	of Hovel
Hovel	To put in a hovel; to shelter.
Hoveler	One who assists in saving life and property from a wreck; a coast boatman.
Hoveling	A method of securing a good draught in chimneys by covering the top, leaving openings in the sides, or by carrying up two of the sides higher than the other two.
Hoven	p. p. of Heave.
Hoven	Affected with the disease called hoove; as, hoven cattle.
Hover	A cover; a shelter; a protection.
Hovered	of Hover
Hovering	of Hover
Hover	To hang fluttering in the air, or on the wing; to remain in flight or floating about or over a place or object; to be suspended in the air above something.
Hover	To hang about; to move to and fro near a place, threateningly, watchfully, or irresolutely.
Hoverer	A device in an incubator for protecting the young chickens and keeping them warm.
Hover-hawk	The kestrel.
Hoveringly	In a hovering manner.
How	In what manner or way; by what means or process.
How	To what degree or extent, number or amount; in what proportion; by what measure or quality.
How	For what reason; from what cause.
How	In what state, condition, or plight.
How	By what name, designation, or title.
How	At what price; how dear.
Howadji	A traveler.
Howadji	A merchant; -- so called in the East because merchants were formerly the chief travelers.
Howbeit	Be it as it may; nevertheless; notwithstanding; although; albeit; yet; but; however.
Howdah	A seat or pavilion, generally covered, fastened on the back of an elephant, for the rider or riders.
Howdy	A midwife.
Howel	A tool used by coopers for smoothing and chamfering rheir work, especially the inside of casks.
Howel	To smooth; to plane; as, to howel a cask.
Howell	The upper stage of a porcelian furnace.
However	In whetever manner, way, or degree.
However	At all events; at least; in any case.
However	Nevertheless; notwithstanding; yet; still; though; as, I shall not oppose your design; I can not, however, approve of it.
Howitz	A howitzer.
Howitzer	A gun so short that the projectile, which was hollow, could be put in its place by hand; a kind of mortar.
Howitzer	A short, light, largebore cannon, usually having a chamber of smaller diameter than the rest of the bore, and intended to throw large projectiles with comparatively small charges.
Howker	Same as Hooker.
Howled	of Howl
Howling	of Howl
Howl	To utter a loud, protraced, mournful sound or cry, as dogs and wolves often do.
Howl	To utter a sound expressive of distress; to cry aloud and mournfully; to lament; to wail.
Howl	To make a noise resembling the cry of a wild beast.
Howl	To utter with outcry.
Howl	The protracted, mournful cry of a dog or a wolf, or other like sound.
Howl	A prolonged cry of distress or anguish; a wail.
Howler	One who howls.
Howler	Any South American monkey of the genus Mycetes. Many species are known. They are arboreal in their habits, and are noted for the loud, discordant howling in which they indulge at night.
Howlet	An owl; an owlet.
Howp	To cry out; to whoop.
Howso	Howsoever.
Howsoever	In what manner soever; to whatever degree or extent; however.
Howsoever	Although; though; however.
Howve	A hood. See Houve.
Hox	To hock; to hamstring. See Hock.
Hoy	A small coaster vessel, usually sloop-rigged, used in conveying passengers and goods from place to place, or as a tender to larger vessels in port.
Hoy	Ho! Halloe! Stop!
Hoyden	Same as Hoiden.
Hoymen	of Hoyman
Hoyman	One who navigates a hoy.
Huanaco	See Guanaco.
Hub	The central part, usually cylindrical, of a wheel; the nave. See Illust. of Axle box.
Hub	The hilt of a weapon.
Hub	A rough protuberance or projecting obstruction; as, a hub in the road. [U.S.] See Hubby.
Hub	A goal or mark at which quoits, etc., are cast.
Hub	A hardened, engraved steel punch for impressing a device upon a die, used in coining, etc.
Hub	A screw hob. See Hob, 3.
Hub	A block for scotching a wheel.
Hubble-bubble	A tobacco pipe, so arranged that the smoke passes through water, making a bubbling noise, whence its name. In India, the bulb containing the water is often a cocoanut shell.
Hubbub	A loud noise of many confused voices; a tumult; uproar.
Hubby	Full of hubs or protuberances; as, a road that has been frozen while muddy is hubby.
Hubner	A mineral of brownish black color, occurring in columnar or foliated masses. It is native manganese tungstate.
Huch	Alt. of Huchen
Huchen	A large salmon (Salmo, / Salvelinus, hucho) inhabiting the Danube; -- called also huso, and bull trout.
Huck	To higgle in trading.
Huckaback	A kind of linen cloth with raised figures, used for towelings.
Huckle	The hip; the haunch.
Huckle	A bunch or part projecting like the hip.
Huckle-backed	Round-shoulded.
Huckleberry	The edible black or dark blue fruit of several species of the American genus Gaylussacia, shrubs nearly related to the blueberries (Vaccinium), and formerly confused with them. The commonest huckelberry comes from G. resinosa.
Huckleberry	The shrub that bears the berries. Called also whortleberry.
Huckster	A retailer of small articles, of provisions, and the like; a peddler; a hawker.
Huckster	A mean, trickish fellow.
Huckstered	of Huckster
Huckstering	of Huckster
Huckster	To deal in small articles, or in petty bargains.
Hucksterage	The business of a huckster; small dealing; peddling.
Hucksterer	A huckster.
Huckstress	A female huckster.
Hud	A huck or hull, as of a nut.
Huddled	of Huddle
Huddling	of Huddle
Huddle	To press together promiscuously, from confusion, apprehension, or the like; to crowd together confusedly; to press or hurry in disorder; to crowd.
Huddle	To crowd (things) together to mingle confusedly; to assemble without order or system.
Huddle	To do, make, or put, in haste or roughly; hence, to do imperfectly; -- usually with a following preposition or adverb; as, to huddle on; to huddle up; to huddle together.
Huddle	A crowd; a number of persons or things crowded together in a confused manner; tumult; confusion.
Huddler	One who huddles things together.
Hudge	An iron bucket for hoisting coal or ore.
Hudibrastic	Similar to, or in the style of, the poem "Hudibras," by Samuel Butler; in the style of doggerel verse.
Hudsonian	Of or pertaining to Hudson's Bay or to the Hudson River; as, the Hudsonian curlew.
Hue	Color or shade of color; tint; dye.
Hue	A predominant shade in a composition of primary colors; a primary color modified by combination with others.
Hue	A shouting or vociferation.
Hued	Having color; -- usually in composition; as, bright-hued; many-hued.
Hueless	Destitute of color.
Huer	One who cries out or gives an alarm; specifically, a balker; a conder. See Balker.
Huffed	of Huff
Huffing	of Huff
Huff	To swell; to enlarge; to puff up; as, huffed up with air.
Huff	To treat with insolence and arrogance; to chide or rebuke with insolence; to hector; to bully.
Huff	To remove from the board (the piece which could have captured an opposing piece). See Huff, v. i., 3.
Huff	To enlarge; to swell up; as, bread huffs.
Huff	To bluster or swell with anger, pride, or arrogance; to storm; to take offense.
Huff	To remove from the board a man which could have captured a piece but has not done so; -- so called because it was the habit to blow upon the piece.
Huff	A swell of sudden anger or arrogance; a fit of disappointment and petulance or anger; a rage.
Huff	A boaster; one swelled with a false opinion of his own value or importance.
Huffcap	A blusterer; a bully.
Huffcap	Blustering; swaggering.
Huffer	A bully; a blusterer.
Huffiness	The state of being huffish; petulance; bad temper.
Huffingly	Blusteringly; arrogantly.
Huffish	Disposed to be blustering or arrogant; petulant.
Huffy	Puffed up; as, huffy bread.
Huffy	Characterized by arrogance or petulance; easily offended.
Hugged	of Hug
Hugging	of Hug
Hug	To cower; to crouch; to curl up.
Hug	To crowd together; to cuddle.
Hug	To press closely within the arms; to clasp to the bosom; to embrace.
Hug	To hold fast; to cling to; to cherish.
Hug	To keep close to; as, to hug the land; to hug the wind.
Hug	A close embrace or clasping with the arms, as in affection or in wrestling.
Huge	Very large; enormous; immense; excessive; -- used esp. of material bulk, but often of qualities, extent, etc.; as, a huge ox; a huge space; a huge difference.
Hugger	One who hugs or embraces.
Hugger	To conceal; to lurk ambush.
Hugger-mugger	Privacy; secrecy. Commonly in the phrase in hugger-mugger, with haste and secrecy.
Hugger-mugger	Secret; clandestine; sly.
Hugger-mugger	Confused; disorderly; slovenly; mean; as, hugger-mugger doings.
Huggle	To hug.
Huguenot	A French Protestant of the period of the religious wars in France in the 16th century.
Huguenotism	The religion of the Huguenots in France.
Hugy	Vast.
Huia bird	A New Zealand starling (Heteralocha acutirostris), remarkable for the great difference in the form and length of the bill in the two sexes, that of the male being sharp and straight, that of the female much longer and strongly curved.
Huisher	See Usher.
Huisher	To usher.
Huke	An outer garment worn in Europe in the Middle Ages.
Hulan	See Uhlan.
Hulch	A hunch.
Hulchy	Swollen; gibbous.
Hulk	The body of a ship or decked vessel of any kind; esp., the body of an old vessel laid by as unfit for service.
Hulk	A heavy ship of clumsy build.
Hulk	Anything bulky or unwieldly.
Hulk	To take out the entrails of; to disembowel; as, to hulk a hare.
Hulking	Alt. of Hulky
Hulky	Bulky; unwiedly.
Hull	The outer covering of anything, particularly of a nut or of grain; the outer skin of a kernel; the husk.
Hull	The frame or body of a vessel, exclusive of her masts, yards, sails, and rigging.
Hulled	of Hull
Hulling	of Hull
Hull	To strip off or separate the hull or hulls of; to free from integument; as, to hull corn.
Hull	To pierce the hull of, as a ship, with a cannon ball.
Hull	To toss or drive on the water, like the hull of a ship without sails.
Hullabaloo	A confused noise; uproar; tumult.
Hulled	Deprived of the hulls.
Huller	One who, or that which, hulls; especially, an agricultural machine for removing the hulls from grain; a hulling machine.
Hullo	See Hollo.
Hully	Having or containing hulls.
Huloist	See Hyloist.
Hulotheism	See Hylotheism.
Hulver	Holly, an evergreen shrub or tree.
Hummed	of Hum
Humming	of Hum
Hum	To make a low, prolonged sound, like that of a bee in flight; to drone; to murmur; to buzz; as, a top hums.
Hum	To make a nasal sound, like that of the letter m prolonged, without opening the mouth, or articulating; to mumble in monotonous undertone; to drone.
Hum	To make an inarticulate sound, like h'm, through the nose in the process of speaking, from embarrassment or a affectation; to hem.
Hum	To express satisfaction by a humming noise.
Hum	To have the sensation of a humming noise; as, my head hums, -- a pathological condition.
Hum	To sing with shut mouth; to murmur without articulation; to mumble; as, to hum a tune.
Hum	To express satisfaction with by humming.
Hum	To flatter by approving; to cajole; to impose on; to humbug.
Hum	A low monotonous noise, as of bees in flight, of a swiftly revolving top, of a wheel, or the like; a drone; a buzz.
Hum	Any inarticulate and buzzing sound
Hum	The confused noise of a crowd or of machinery, etc., heard at a distance; as, the hum of industry.
Hum	A buzz or murmur, as of approbation.
Hum	An imposition or hoax.
Hum	An inarticulate nasal sound or murmur, like h'm, uttered by a speaker in pause from embarrassment, affectation, etc.
Hum	A kind of strong drink formerly used.
Hum	Ahem; hem; an inarticulate sound uttered in a pause of speech implying doubt and deliberation.
Human	Belonging to man or mankind; having the qualities or attributes of a man; of or pertaining to man or to the race of man; as, a human voice; human shape; human nature; human sacrifices.
Human	A human being.
Humanate	Indued with humanity.
Humane	Pertaining to man; human.
Humane	Having the feelings and inclinations creditable to man; having a disposition to treat other human beings or animals with kindness; kind; benevolent.
Humane	Humanizing; exalting; tending to refine.
Humanics	The study of human nature.
Humanify	To make human; to invest with a human personality; to incarnate.
Humanism	Human nature or disposition; humanity.
Humanism	The study of the humanities; polite learning.
Humanist	One of the scholars who in the field of literature proper represented the movement of the Renaissance, and early in the 16th century adopted the name Humanist as their distinctive title.
Humanist	One who purposes the study of the humanities, or polite literature.
Humanist	One versed in knowledge of human nature.
Humanistic	Of or pertaining to humanity; as, humanistic devotion.
Humanistic	Pertaining to polite kiterature.
Humanitarian	Pertaining to humanitarians, or to humanitarianism; as, a humanitarian view of Christ's nature.
Humanitarian	Content with right affections and actions toward man; ethical, as distinguished from religious; believing in the perfectibility of man's nature without supernatural aid.
Humanitarian	Benevolent; philanthropic.
Humanitarian	One who denies the divinity of Christ, and believes him to have been merely human.
Humanitarian	One who limits the sphere of duties to human relations and affections, to the exclusion or disparagement of the religious or spiritual.
Humanitarian	One who is actively concerned in promoting the welfare of his kind; a philanthropist.
Humanitarianism	The distinctive tenet of the humanitarians in denying the divinity of Christ; also, the whole system of doctrine based upon this view of Christ.
Humanitarianism	The doctrine that man's obligations are limited to, and dependent alone upon, man and the human relations.
Humanitian	A humanist.
Humanities	of Humanity
Humanity	The quality of being human; the peculiar nature of man, by which he is distinguished from other beings.
Humanity	Mankind collectively; the human race.
Humanity	The quality of being humane; the kind feelings, dispositions, and sympathies of man; especially, a disposition to relieve persons or animals in distress, and to treat all creatures with kindness and tenderness.
Humanity	Mental cultivation; liberal education; instruction in classical and polite literature.
Humanity	The branches of polite or elegant learning; as language, rhetoric, poetry, and the ancient classics; belles-letters.
Humanization	The act of humanizing.
Humanized	of Humanize
Humanizing	of Humanize
Humanize	To render human or humane; to soften; to make gentle by overcoming cruel dispositions and rude habits; to refine or civilize.
Humanize	To give a human character or expression to.
Humanize	To convert into something human or belonging to man; as, to humanize vaccine lymph.
Humanize	To become or be made more humane; to become civilized; to be ameliorated.
Humanizer	One who renders humane.
Humankind	Mankind.
Humanly	In a human manner; after the manner of men; according to the knowledge or wisdom of men; as, the present prospects, humanly speaking, promise a happy issue.
Humanly	Kindly; humanely.
Humanness	The quality or state of being human.
Humate	A salt of humic acid.
Humation	Interment; inhumation.
Humbird	Humming bird.
Humble	Near the ground; not high or lofty; not pretentious or magnificent; unpretending; unassuming; as, a humble cottage.
Humble	Thinking lowly of one's self; claiming little for one's self; not proud, arrogant, or assuming; thinking one's self ill-deserving or unworthy, when judged by the demands of God; lowly; waek; modest.
Humble	Hornless. See Hummel.
Humbled	of Humble
Humbling	of Humble
Humble	To bring low; to reduce the power, independence, or exaltation of; to lower; to abase; to humilate.
Humble	To make humble or lowly in mind; to abase the pride or arrogance of; to reduce the self-sufficiently of; to make meek and submissive; -- often used rexlexively.
Humblebee	The bumblebee.
Humblehead	Humble condition or estate; humility.
Humbleness	The quality of being humble; humility; meekness.
Humbler	One who, or that which, humbles some one.
Humbles	Entrails of a deer.
Humblesse	Humbleness; abasement; low obeisance.
Humbly	With humility; lowly.
Humbug	An imposition under fair pretenses; something contrived in order to deceive and mislead; a trick by cajolery; a hoax.
Humbug	A spirit of deception; cajolery; trickishness.
Humbug	One who deceives or misleads; a deceitful or trickish fellow; an impostor.
Humbugged	of Humbug
Humbugging	of Humbug
Humbug	To deceive; to impose; to cajole; to hoax.
Humbugger	One who humbugs.
Humbuggery	The practice of imposition.
Humdrum	Monotonous; dull; commonplace.
Humdrum	A dull fellow; a bore.
Humdrum	Monotonous and tedious routine.
Humdrum	A low cart with three wheels, drawn by one horse.
Humect	Alt. of Humectate
Humectate	To moisten; to wet.
Humectant	Diluent.
Humectant	A diluent drink or medicine.
Humectation	A moistening.
Humective	Tending to moisten.
Humeral	Of or pertaining to the humerus, or upper part of the arm; brachial.
Humeri	of Humerus
Humerus	The bone of the brachium, or upper part of the arm or fore limb.
Humerus	The part of the limb containing the humerus; the brachium.
Humic	Pertaining to, or derived from, vegetable mold; as, humic acid. See Humin.
Humicubation	The act or practice of lying on the ground.
Humid	Containing sensible moisture; damp; moist; as, a humidair or atmosphere; somewhat wet or watery; as, humid earth; consisting of water or vapor.
Humidity	Moisture; dampness; a moderate degree of wetness, which is perceptible to the eye or touch; -- used especially of the atmosphere, or of anything which has absorbed moisture from the atmosphere, as clothing.
Humidness	Humidity.
Humifuse	Spread over the surface of the ground; procumbent.
Humiliant	Humiliating; humbling.
Humiliated	of Humiliate
Humiliating	of Humiliate
Humiliate	To reduce to a lower position in one's own eyes, or in the eyes of others; to humble; to mortify.
Humiliation	The act of humiliating or humbling; abasement of pride; mortification.
Humiliation	The state of being humiliated, humbled, or reduced to lowliness or submission.
Humilities	of Humility
Humility	The state or quality of being humble; freedom from pride and arrogance; lowliness of mind; a modest estimate of one's own worth; a sense of one's own unworthiness through imperfection and sinfulness; self-abasement; humbleness.
Humility	An act of submission or courtesy.
Humin	A bitter, brownish yellow, amorphous substance, extracted from vegetable mold, and also produced by the action of acids on certain sugars and carbohydrates; -- called also humic acid, ulmin, gein, ulmic or geic acid, etc.
Humiri	A fragrant balsam obtained from Brazilian trees of the genus Humirium.
Humite	A mineral of a transparent vitreous brown color, found in the ejected masses of Vesuvius. It is a silicate of iron and magnesia, containing fluorine.
Hummel	To separate from the awns; -- said of barley.
Hummel	Having no awns or no horns; as, hummelcorn; a hummel cow.
Hummeler	One who, or a machine which, hummels.
Hummer	One who, or that which, hums; one who applauds by humming.
Hummer	A humming bird.
Humming	Emitting a murmuring sound; droning; murmuring; buzzing.
Humming	A sound like that made by bees; a low, murmuring sound; a hum.
Hummock	A rounded knoll or hillock; a rise of ground of no great extent, above a level surface.
Hummock	A ridge or pile of ice on an ice field.
Hummock	Timbered land. See Hammock.
Hummocking	The process of forming hummocks in the collision of Arctic ice.
Hummocky	Abounding in hummocks.
Hummum	A sweating bath or place for sweating.
Humor	Moisture, especially, the moisture or fluid of animal bodies, as the chyle, lymph, etc.; as, the humors of the eye, etc.
Humor	A vitiated or morbid animal fluid, such as often causes an eruption on the skin.
Humor	State of mind, whether habitual or temporary (as formerly supposed to depend on the character or combination of the fluids of the body); disposition; temper; mood; as, good humor; ill humor.
Humor	Changing and uncertain states of mind; caprices; freaks; vagaries; whims.
Humor	That quality of the imagination which gives to ideas an incongruous or fantastic turn, and tends to excite laughter or mirth by ludicrous images or representations; a playful fancy; facetiousness.
Humored	of Humor
Humoring	of Humor
Humor	To comply with the humor of; to adjust matters so as suit the peculiarities, caprices, or exigencies of; to adapt one's self to; to indulge by skillful adaptation; as, to humor the mind.
Humor	To help on by indulgence or compliant treatment; to soothe; to gratify; to please.
Humoral	Pertaining to, or proceeding from, the humors; as, a humoral fever.
Humoralism	The state or quality of being humoral.
Humoralism	The doctrine that diseases proceed from the humors; humorism.
Humoralist	One who favors the humoral pathology or believes in humoralism.
Humorism	The theory founded on the influence which the humors were supposed to have in the production of disease; Galenism.
Humorism	The manner or disposition of a humorist; humorousness.
Humorist	One who attributes diseases of the state of the humors.
Humorist	One who has some peculiarity or eccentricity of character, which he indulges in odd or whimsical ways.
Humorist	One who displays humor in speaking or writing; one who has a facetious fancy or genius; a wag; a droll.
Humoristic	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a humorist.
Humorize	To humor.
Humorless	Destitute of humor.
Humorous	Moist; humid; watery.
Humorous	Subject to be governed by humor or caprice; irregular; capricious; whimsical.
Humorous	Full of humor; jocular; exciting laughter; playful; as, a humorous story or author; a humorous aspect.
Humorously	Capriciously; whimsically.
Humorously	Facetiously; wittily.
Humorousness	Moodiness; capriciousness.
Humorousness	Facetiousness; jocularity.
Humorsome	Moody; whimsical; capricious.
Humorsome	Jocose; witty; humorous.
Humorsomely	Pleasantly; humorously.
Humorsomeness	Quality of being humorsome.
Hump	A protuberance; especially, the protuberance formed by a crooked back.
Hump	A fleshy protuberance on the back of an animal, as a camel or whale.
Humpback	A crooked back; a humped back.
Humpback	A humpbacked person; a hunchback.
Humpback	Any whale of the genus Megaptera, characterized by a hump or bunch on the back. Several species are known. The most common ones in the North Atlantic are Megaptera longimana of Europe, and M. osphyia of America; that of the California coasts is M. versabilis.
Humpback	A small salmon (Oncorhynchus gorbuscha), of the northwest coast of America.
Humpbacked	Having a humped back.
Humped	Having a hump, as the back.
Humph	An exclamation denoting surprise, or contempt, doubt, etc.
Humpless	Without a hump.
Hump-shouldered	Having high, hunched shoulders.
Humpy	Full of humps or bunches; covered with protuberances; humped.
Humstrum	An instrument out of tune or rudely constructed; music badly played.
Humulin	An extract of hops.
Humus	That portion of the soil formed by the decomposition of animal or vegetable matter. It is a valuable constituent of soils.
Hun	One of a warlike nomadic people of Northern Asia who, in the 5th century, under Atilla, invaded and conquered a great part of Europe.
Hunch	A hump; a protuberance.
Hunch	A lump; a thick piece; as, a hunch of bread.
Hunch	A push or thrust, as with the elbow.
Hunched	of Hunch
Hunching	of Hunch
Hunch	To push or jostle with the elbow; to push or thrust suddenly.
Hunch	To thrust out a hump or protuberance; to crook, as the back.
Hunchback	A back with a hunch or hump; also, a hunchbacked person.
Hunchbacked	Having a humped back.
Hundred	The product of ten mulitplied by ten, or the number of ten times ten; a collection or sum, consisting of ten times ten units or objects; five score. Also, a symbol representing one hundred units, as 100 or C.
Hundred	A division of a country in England, supposed to have originally contained a hundred families, or freemen.
Hundred	Ten times ten; five score; as, a hundred dollars.
Hundreder	An inhabitant or freeholder of a hundred.
Hundreder	A person competent to serve on a jury, in an action for land in the hundred to which he belongs.
Hundreder	One who has the jurisdiction of a hundred; and sometimes, a bailiff of a hundred.
Hundredfold	A hundred times as much or as many.
Hundredth	Coming last of a hundred successive individuals or units.
Hundredth	Forming one of a hundred equal parts into which anything is divided; the tenth of a tenth.
Hundredth	One of a hundred equal parts into which one whole is, or may be, divided; the quotient of a unit divided by a hundred.
Hundredweight	A denomination of weight, containing 100, 112, or 120 pounds avoirdupois, according to differing laws or customs. By the legal standard of England it is 112 pounds. In most of the United States, both in practice and by law, it is 100 pounds avoirdupois, the corresponding ton of 2,000 pounds, sometimes called the short ton, being the legal ton.
Hung	imp. & p. p. of Hang.
Hungarian	Of or pertaining to Hungary or to the people of Hungary.
Hungarian	A native or one of the people of Hungary.
Hungary	A country in Central Europe, now a part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
Hunger	An uneasy sensation occasioned normally by the want of food; a craving or desire for food.
Hunger	Any strong eager desire.
Hungered	of Hunger
Hungering	of Hunger
Hunger	To feel the craving or uneasiness occasioned by want of food; to be oppressed by hunger.
Hunger	To have an eager desire; to long.
Hunger	To make hungry; to famish.
Hunger-bit	Alt. of Hunger-bitten
Hunger-bitten	Pinched or weakened by hunger.
Hungered	Hungry; pinched for food.
Hungerer	One who hungers; one who longs.
Hungerly	Wanting food; starved.
Hungerly	With keen appetite.
Hunger-starve	To starve with hunger; to famish.
Hungred	Hungered; hungry.
Hungrily	In a hungry manner; voraciously.
Hungry	Feeling hunger; having a keen appetite; feeling uneasiness or distress from want of food; hence, having an eager desire.
Hungry	Showing hunger or a craving desire; voracious.
Hungry	Not rich or fertile; poor; barren; starved; as, a hungry soil.
Hunk	A large lump or piece; a hunch; as, a hunk of bread.
Hunker	Originally, a nickname for a member of the conservative section of the Democratic party in New York; hence, one opposed to progress in general; a fogy.
Hunkerism	Excessive conservatism; hostility to progress.
Hunks	A covetous, sordid man; a miser; a niggard.
Hunted	of Hunt
Hunting	of Hunt
Hunt	To search for or follow after, as game or wild animals; to chase; to pursue for the purpose of catching or killing; to follow with dogs or guns for sport or exercise; as, to hunt a deer.
Hunt	To search diligently after; to seek; to pursue; to follow; -- often with out or up; as, to hunt up the facts; to hunt out evidence.
Hunt	To drive; to chase; -- with down, from, away, etc.; as, to hunt down a criminal; he was hunted from the parish.
Hunt	To use or manage in the chase, as hounds.
Hunt	To use or traverse in pursuit of game; as, he hunts the woods, or the country.
Hunt	To follow the chase; to go out in pursuit of game; to course with hounds.
Hunt	To seek; to pursue; to search; -- with for or after.
Hunt	The act or practice of chasing wild animals; chase; pursuit; search.
Hunt	The game secured in the hunt.
Hunt	A pack of hounds.
Hunt	An association of huntsmen.
Hunt	A district of country hunted over.
Hunt-counter	A worthless dog that runs back on the scent; a blunderer.
Hunte	A hunter.
Hunter	One who hunts wild animals either for sport or for food; a huntsman.
Hunter	A dog that scents game, or is trained to the chase; a hunting dog.
Hunter	A horse used in the chase; especially, a thoroughbred, bred and trained for hunting.
Hunter	One who hunts or seeks after anything, as if for game; as, a fortune hunter a place hunter.
Hunter	A kind of spider. See Hunting spider, under Hunting.
Hunter	A hunting watch, or one of which the crystal is protected by a metallic cover.
Hunterian	Discovered or described by John Hunter, an English surgeon; as, the Hunterian chancre. See Chancre.
Hunting	The pursuit of game or of wild animals.
Huntress	A woman who hunts or follows the chase; as, the huntress Diana.
Huntsmen	of Huntsman
Huntsman	One who hunts, or who practices hunting.
Huntsman	The person whose office it is to manage the chase or to look after the hounds.
Huntsmanship	The art or practice of hunting, or the qualification of a hunter.
Hunt's-up	A tune played on the horn very early in the morning to call out the hunters; hence, any arousing sound or call.
Hurden	A coarse kind of linen; -- called also harden.
Hurdle	A movable frame of wattled twigs, osiers, or withes and stakes, or sometimes of iron, used for inclosing land, for folding sheep and cattle, for gates, etc.; also, in fortification, used as revetments, and for other purposes.
Hurdle	In England, a sled or crate on which criminals were formerly drawn to the place of execution.
Hurdle	An artificial barrier, variously constructed, over which men or horses leap in a race.
Hurdleed	of Hurdle
Hurdleing	of Hurdle
Hurdle	To hedge, cover, make, or inclose with hurdles.
Hurdlework	Work after manner of a hurdle.
Hurds	The coarse part of flax or hemp; hards.
Hurdy-gurdy	A stringled instrument, lutelike in shape, in which the sound is produced by the friction of a wheel turned by a crank at the end, instead of by a bow, two of the strings being tuned as drones, while two or more, tuned in unison, are modulated by keys.
Hurdy-gurdy	In California, a water wheel with radial buckets, driven by the impact of a jet.
Hurkaru	In India, a running footman; a messenger.
Hurled	of Hurl
Hurling	of Hurl
Hurl	To send whirling or whizzing through the air; to throw with violence; to drive with great force; as, to hurl a stone or lance.
Hurl	To emit or utter with vehemence or impetuosity; as, to hurl charges or invective.
Hurl	To twist or turn.
Hurl	To hurl one's self; to go quickly.
Hurl	To perform the act of hurling something; to throw something (at another).
Hurl	To play the game of hurling. See Hurling.
Hurl	The act of hurling or throwing with violence; a cast; a fling.
Hurl	Tumult; riot; hurly-burly.
Hurl	A table on which fiber is stirred and mixed by beating with a bowspring.
Hurlbat	See Whirlbat.
Hurlbone	See Whirlbone.
Hurlbone	A bone near the middle of the buttock of a horse.
Hurler	One who hurls, or plays at hurling.
Hurling	The act of throwing with force.
Hurling	A kind of game at ball, formerly played.
Hurlwind	A whirlwind.
Hurly	Noise; confusion; uproar.
Hurly-burly	Tumult; bustle; confusion.
Huronian	Of or pertaining to certain non-fossiliferous rocks on the borders of Lake Huron, which are supposed to correspond in time to the latter part of the Archaean age.
Huron-Iroquous	A linguistic group of warlike North American Indians, belonging to the same stock as the Algonquins, and including several tribes, among which were the Five Nations. They formerly occupied the region about Lakes Erie and Ontario, and the larger part of New York.
Hurons	; sing. Huron. (Ethnol.) A powerful and warlike tribe of North American Indians of the Algonquin stock. They formerly occupied the country between Lakes Huron, Erie, and Ontario, but were nearly exterminated by the Five Nations about 1650.
Hurr	To make a rolling or burring sound.
Hurrah	Alt. of Hurra
Hurra	A word used as a shout of joy, triumph, applause, encouragement, or welcome.
Hurrah	A cheer; a shout of joy, etc.
Hurrah	To utter hurrahs; to huzza.
Hurrah	To salute, or applaud, with hurrahs.
Hurricane	A violent storm, characterized by extreme fury and sudden changes of the wind, and generally accompanied by rain, thunder, and lightning; -- especially prevalent in the East and West Indies. Also used figuratively.
Hurricanoes	of Hurricano
Hurricano	A waterspout; a hurricane.
Hurried	Urged on; hastened; going or working at speed; as, a hurried writer; a hurried life.
Hurried	Done in a hurry; hence, imperfect; careless; as, a hurried job.
Hurrier	One who hurries or urges.
Hurries	A staith or framework from which coal is discharged from cars into vessels.
Hurried	of Hurry
Hurrying	of Hurry
Hurry	To hasten; to impel to greater speed; to urge on.
Hurry	To impel to precipitate or thoughtless action; to urge to confused or irregular activity.
Hurry	To cause to be done quickly.
Hurry	To move or act with haste; to proceed with celerity or precipitation; as, let us hurry.
Hurry	The act of hurrying in motion or business; pressure; urgency; bustle; confusion.
Hurryingly	In a hurrying manner.
Hurry-skurry	Confusedly; in a bustle.
Hurst	A wood or grove; -- a word used in the composition of many names, as in Hazlehurst.
Hurt	A band on a trip-hammer helve, bearing the trunnions.
Hurt	A husk. See Husk, 2.
Hurt	of Hurt
Hurting	of Hurt
Hurt	To cause physical pain to; to do bodily harm to; to wound or bruise painfully.
Hurt	To impar the value, usefulness, beauty, or pleasure of; to damage; to injure; to harm.
Hurt	To wound the feelings of; to cause mental pain to; to offend in honor or self-respect; to annoy; to grieve.
Hurter	A bodily injury causing pain; a wound, bruise, or the like.
Hurter	An injury causing pain of mind or conscience; a slight; a stain; as of sin.
Hurter	Injury; damage; detriment; harm; mischief.
Hurter	One who hurts or does harm.
Hurter	A butting piece; a strengthening piece, esp.: (Mil.) A piece of wood at the lower end of a platform, designed to prevent the wheels of gun carriages from injuring the parapet.
Hurtful	Tending to impair or damage; injurious; mischievous; occasioning loss or injury; as, hurtful words or conduct.
Hurtled	of Hurtle
Hurtling	of Hurtle
Hurtle	To meet with violence or shock; to clash; to jostle.
Hurtle	To move rapidly; to wheel or rush suddenly or with violence; to whirl round rapidly; to skirmish.
Hurtle	To make a threatening sound, like the clash of arms; to make a sound as of confused clashing or confusion; to resound.
Hurtle	To move with violence or impetuosity; to whirl; to brandish.
Hurtle	To push; to jostle; to hurl.
Hurtleberry	See Whortleberry.
Hurtless	Doing no injury; harmless; also, unhurt; without injury or harm.
Husband	The male head of a household; one who orders the economy of a family.
Husband	A cultivator; a tiller; a husbandman.
Husband	One who manages or directs with prudence and economy; a frugal person; an economist.
Husband	A married man; a man who has a wife; -- the correlative to wife.
Husband	The male of a pair of animals.
Husbanded	of Husband
Husbanding	of Husband
Husband	To direct and manage with frugality; to use or employ to good purpose and the best advantage; to spend, apply, or use, with economy.
Husband	To cultivate, as land; to till.
Husband	To furnish with a husband.
Husbandable	Capable of being husbanded, or managed with economy.
Husbandage	The commission or compensation allowed to a ship's husband.
Husbandless	Destitute of a husband.
Husbandly	Frugal; thrifty.
Husbandmen	of Husbandman
Husbandman	The master of a family.
Husbandman	A farmer; a cultivator or tiller of the ground.
Husbandry	Care of domestic affairs; economy; domestic management; thrift.
Husbandry	The business of a husbandman, comprehending the various branches of agriculture; farming.
Hushed	of Hush
Hushing	of Hush
Hush	To still; to silence; to calm; to make quiet; to repress the noise or clamor of.
Hush	To appease; to allay; to calm; to soothe.
Hush	To become or to keep still or quiet; to become silent; -- esp. used in the imperative, as an exclamation; be still; be silent or quiet; make no noise.
Hush	Stillness; silence; quiet.
Hush	Silent; quiet.
Husher	An usher.
Hushing	The process of washing ore, or of uncovering mineral veins, by a heavy discharge of water from a reservoir; flushing; -- also called booming.
Husk	The external covering or envelope of certain fruits or seeds; glume; hull; rind; in the United States, especially applied to the covering of the ears of maize.
Husk	The supporting frame of a run of millstones.
Husked	of Husk
Husking	of Husk
Husk	To strip off the external covering or envelope of; as, to husk Indian corn.
Husked	Covered with a husk.
Husked	Stripped of husks; deprived of husks.
Huskily	In a husky manner; dryly.
Huskiness	The state of being husky.
Huskiness	Roughness of sound; harshness; hoarseness; as, huskiness of voice.
Husking	The act or process of stripping off husks, as from Indian corn.
Husking	A meeting of neighbors or friends to assist in husking maize; -- called also
Husky	Abounding with husks; consisting of husks.
Husky	Rough in tone; harsh; hoarse; raucous; as, a husky voice.
Huso	A large European sturgeon (Acipenser huso), inhabiting the region of the Black and Caspian Seas. It sometimes attains a length of more than twelve feet, and a weight of two thousand pounds. Called also hausen.
Huso	The huchen, a large salmon.
Hussar	Originally, one of the national cavalry of Hungary and Croatia; now, one of the light cavalry of European armies.
Hussite	A follower of John Huss, the Bohemian reformer, who was adjudged a heretic and burnt alive in 1415.
Hussy	A housewife or housekeeper.
Hussy	A worthless woman or girl; a forward wench; a jade; -- used as a term of contempt or reproach.
Hussy	A pert girl; a frolicsome or sportive young woman; -- used jocosely.
Hussy	A case or bag. See Housewife, 2.
Hustings	A court formerly held in several cities of England; specif., a court held in London, before the lord mayor, recorder, and sheriffs, to determine certain classes of suits for the recovery of lands within the city. In the progress of law reform this court has become unimportant.
Hustings	Any one of the temporary courts held for the election of members of the British Parliament.
Hustings	The platform on which candidates for Parliament formerly stood in addressing the electors.
Hustled	of Hustle
Hustling	of Hustle
Hustle	To shake together in confusion; to push, jostle, or crowd rudely; to handle roughly; as, to hustle a person out of a room.
Hustle	To push or crows; to force one's way; to move hustily and with confusion; a hurry.
Huswife	A female housekeeper; a woman who manages domestic affairs; a thirfty woman.
Huswife	A worthless woman; a hussy.
Huswife	A case for sewing materials. See Housewife.
Huswife	To manage with frugality; -- said of a woman.
Huswifely	Like a huswife; capable; economical; prudent.
Huswifely	In a huswifely manner.
Huswifery	The business of a housewife; female domestic economy and skill.
Hut	A small house, hivel, or cabin; a mean lodge or dwelling; a slightly built or temporary structure.
Hutted	of Hutch
Hutting	of Hutch
Hutch	To place in huts; to live in huts; as, to hut troops in winter quarters.
Hutch	A chest, box, coffer, bin, coop, or the like, in which things may be stored, or animals kept; as, a grain hutch; a rabbit hutch.
Hutch	A measure of two Winchester bushels.
Hutch	The case of a flour bolt.
Hutch	A car on low wheels, in which coal is drawn in the mine and hoisted out of the pit.
Hutch	A jig for washing ore.
Hutched	of Hutch
Hutching	of Hutch
Hutch	To hoard or lay up, in a chest.
Hutch	To wash (ore) in a box or jig.
Hutchunsonian	A follower of John Hutchinson of Yorkshire, England, who believed that the Hebrew Scriptures contained a complete system of natural science and of theology.
Huttonian	Relating to what is now called the Plutonic theory of the earth, first advanced by Dr. James Hutton.
Huxter	See Huckster.
Huyghenian	Pertaining to, or invented by, Christian Huyghens, a Dutch astronomer of the seventeenth century; as, the Huyghenian telescope.
Huzz	To buzz; to murmur.
Huzza	A word used as a shout of joy, exultation, approbation, or encouragement.
Huzza	A shout of huzza; a cheer; a hurrah.
Huzzaed	of Huzza
Huzzaing	of Huzza
Huzza	To shout huzza; to cheer.
Huzza	To receive or attend with huzzas.
Hy	High.
Hyacine	A hyacinth.
Hyacinth	A bulbous plant of the genus Hyacinthus, bearing beautiful spikes of fragrant flowers. H. orientalis is a common variety.
Hyacinth	A plant of the genus Camassia (C. Farseri), called also Eastern camass; wild hyacinth.
Hyacinth	The name also given to Scilla Peruviana, a Mediterranean plant, one variety of which produces white, and another blue, flowers; -- called also, from a mistake as to its origin, Hyacinth of Peru.
Hyacinth	A red variety of zircon, sometimes used as a gem. See Zircon.
Hyacinthian	Hyacinthine.
Hyacinthine	Belonging to the hyacinth; resemblingthe hyacinth; in color like the hyacinth.
Hyades	Alt. of Hyads
Hyads	A cluster of five stars in the face of the constellation Taurus, supposed by the ancients to indicate the coming of rainy weather when they rose with the sun.
Hyaena	Same as Hyena.
Hyalea	A pteroid of the genus Cavolina. See Pteropoda, and Illustration in Appendix.
Hyalescence	The process of becoming, or the state of being, transparent like glass.
Hyaline	Glassy; resembling glass; consisting of glass; transparent, like crystal.
Hyaline	A poetic term for the sea or the atmosphere.
Hyaline	The pellucid substance, present in cells in process of development, from which, according to some embryologists, the cell nucleous originates.
Hyaline	The main constituent of the walls of hydatid cysts; a nitrogenous body, which, by decomposition, yields a dextrogyrate sugar, susceptible of alcoholic fermentation.
Hyalite	A pellucid variety of opal in globules looking like colorless gum or resin; -- called also Muller's glass.
Hyalograph	An instrument for tracing designs on glass.
Hyalography	Art of writing or engraving on glass.
Hyaloid	Resembling glass; vitriform; transparent; hyaline; as, the hyaloid membrane, a very delicate membrane inclosing the vitreous humor of the eye.
Hyalonema	A genus of hexactinelline sponges, having a long stem composed of very long, slender, transparent, siliceous fibres twisted together like the strands of a color. The stem of the Japanese species (H. Sieboldii), called glass-rope, has long been in use as an ornament. See Glass-rope.
Hyalophane	A species of the feldspar group containing barium. See Feldspar.
Hyalospongia	An order of vitreous sponges, having glassy six-rayed, siliceous spicules; -- called also Hexactinellinae.
Hyalotype	A photographic picture copied from the negative on glass; a photographic transparency.
Hybernacle	Alt. of Hybernation
Hybernate	Alt. of Hybernation
Hybernation	See Hibernacle, Hibernate, Hibernation.
Hyblaean	Pertaining to Hybla, an ancient town of Sicily, famous for its bees.
Hybodont	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, an extinct genus of sharks (Hybodus), especially in the form of the teeth, which consist of a principal median cone with smaller lateral ones.
Hybodus	An extinct genus of sharks having conical, compressed teeth.
Hybrid	The offspring of the union of two distinct species; an animal or plant produced from the mixture of two species. See Mongrel.
Hybrid	Produced from the mixture of two species; as, plants of hybrid nature.
Hybridism	The state or quality of being hybrid.
Hybridist	One who hybridizes.
Hybridity	Hybridism.
Hybridizable	Capable of forming a hybrid, or of being subjected to a hybridizing process; capable of producing a hybrid by union with another species or stock.
Hybridization	The act of hybridizing, or the state of being hybridized.
Hybridized	of Hybridize
Hybridizing	of Hybridize
Hybridize	To render hybrid; to produce by mixture of stocks.
Hybridizer	One who hybridizes.
Hybridous	Same as Hybrid.
Hydage	A land tax. See Hidage.
Hydantoic	Pertaining to, or derived from, hydantoin. See Glycoluric.
Hydantoin	A derivative of urea, C3H4N2O2, obtained from allantion, as a white, crystalline substance, with a sweetish taste; -- called also glycolyl urea.
Hydatid	A membranous sac or bladder filled with a pellucid fluid, found in various parts of the bodies of animals, but unconnected with the tissues. It is usually formed by parasitic worms, esp. by larval tapeworms, as Echinococcus and Coenurus. See these words in the Vocabulary.
Hydatiform	Resembling a hydatid.
Hydatoid	Resembling water; watery; aqueous; hyaloid.
Hydr-	See under Hydro-.
Hydras	of Hydra
Hydrae	of Hydra
Hydra	A serpent or monster in the lake or marsh of Lerna, in the Peloponnesus, represented as having many heads, one of which, when cut off, was immediately succeeded by two others, unless the wound was cauterized. It was slain by Hercules. Hence, a terrible monster.
Hydra	Hence: A multifarious evil, or an evil having many sources; not to be overcome by a single effort.
Hydra	Any small fresh-water hydroid of the genus Hydra, usually found attached to sticks, stones, etc., by a basal sucker.
Hydra	A southern constellation of great length lying southerly from Cancer, Leo, and Virgo.
Hydrachnid	An aquatic mite of the genus Hydrachna. The hydrachnids, while young, are parasitic on fresh-water mussels.
Hydracid	An acid containing hydrogen; -- sometimes applied to distinguish acids like hydrochloric, hydrofluoric, and the like, which contain no oxygen, from the oxygen acids or oxacids. See Acid.
Hydracrylic	Pertaining to, or designating, an isomeric variety of lastic acid that breaks down into acrylic acid and water.
Hydractinian	Any species or marine hydroids, of the genus Hydractinia and allied genera. These hydroids form, by their rootstalks, a firm, chitinous coating on shells and stones, and esp. on spiral shells occupied by hermit crabs. See Illust. of Athecata.
Hydraemia	An abnormally watery state of the blood; anaemia.
Hydragogue	Causing a discharge of water; expelling serum effused into any part of the body, as in dropsy.
Hydragogue	A hydragogue medicine, usually a cathartic or diuretic.
Hydramide	One of a group of crystalline bodies produced by the action of ammonia on certain aldehydes.
Hydramine	One of a series of artificial, organic bases, usually produced as thick viscous liquids by the action of ammonia on ethylene oxide. They have the properties both of alcohol and amines.
Hydrangea	A genus of shrubby plants bearing opposite leaves and large heads of showy flowers, white, or of various colors. H. hortensis, the common garden species, is a native of China or Japan.
Hydrant	A discharge pipe with a valve and spout at which water may be drawn from the mains of waterworks; a water plug.
Hydranth	One of the nutritive zooids of a hydroid colony. Also applied to the proboscis or manubrium of a hydroid medusa. See Illust. of Hydroidea.
Hydrargochloride	A compound of the bichloride of mercury with another chloride.
Hydrargyrate	Of or pertaining to mercury; containing, or impregnated with, mercury.
Hydrargyrism	A diseased condition produced by poisoning with hydrargyrum, or mercury; mercurialism.
Hydrargyrum	Quicksilver; mercury.
Hydrarthrosis	An effusion of watery liquid into the cavity of a joint.
Hydrastine	An alkaloid, found in the rootstock of the golden seal (Hydrastis Canadensis), and extracted as a bitter, white, crystalline substance. It is used as a tonic and febrifuge.
Hydra-tainted	Dipped in the gall of the fabulous hydra; poisonous; deadly.
Hydrate	A compound formed by the union of water with some other substance, generally forming a neutral body, as certain crystallized salts.
Hydrate	A substance which does not contain water as such, but has its constituents (hydrogen, oxygen, hydroxyl) so arranged that water may be eliminated; hence, a derivative of, or compound with, hydroxyl; hydroxide; as, ethyl hydrate, or common alcohol; calcium hydrate, or slaked lime.
Hydrated	of Hydrate
Hydrating	of Hydrate
Hydrate	To form into a hydrate; to combine with water.
Hydrated	Formed into a hydrate; combined with water.
Hydration	The act of becoming, or state of being, a hydrate.
Hydraulic	Of or pertaining to hydraulics, or to fluids in motion; conveying, or acting by, water; as, an hydraulic clock, crane, or dock.
Hydraulical	Hydraulic.
Hydraulicon	An ancient musical instrument played by the action of water; a water organ.
Hydraulics	That branch of science, or of engineering, which treats of fluids in motion, especially of water, its action in rivers and canals, the works and machinery for conducting or raising it, its use as a prime mover, and the like.
Hydrazine	Any one of a series of nitrogenous bases, resembling the amines and produced by the reduction of certain nitroso and diazo compounds; as, methyl hydrazine, phenyl hydrazine, etc.  They are derivatives of hydrazine proper, H2N.NH2, which is a doubled amido group, recently (1887) isolated as a stable, colorless gas, with a peculiar, irritating odor. As a base it forms distinct salts. Called also diamide, amidogen, (or more properly diamidogen), etc.
Hydrencephsloid	Same as Hydrocephaloid.
Hydria	A water jar; esp., one with a large rounded body, a small neck, and three handles. Some of the most beautiful Greek vases are of this form.
Hydriad	A water nymph.
Hydric	Pertaining to, or containing, hydrogen; as, hydric oxide.
Hydride	A compound of the binary type, in which hydrogen is united with some other element.
Hydriform	Having the form or structure of a hydra.
Hydrina	The group of hydroids to which the fresh-water hydras belong.
Hydriodate	Same as Hydriodide.
Hydriodic	Pertaining to, or derived from, hydrogen and iodine; -- said of an acid produced by the combination of these elements.
Hydriodide	A compound of hydriodic acid with a base; -- distinguished from an iodide, in which only the iodine combines with the base.
Hydro-	Alt. of Hydr-
Hydr-	A combining form from Gr. /, /, water (see Hydra).
Hydr-	A combining form of hydrogen, indicating hydrogen as an ingredient, as hydrochloric; or a reduction product obtained by hydrogen, as hydroquinone.
Hydrobarometer	An instrument for determining the depth of the sea water by its pressure.
Hydrobilirubin	A body formed from bilirubin, identical with urobilin.
Hydrobranchiata	An extensive artificial division of gastropod mollusks, including those that breathe by gills, as contrasted with the Pulmonifera.
Hydrobromate	Same as Hydrobromide.
Hydrobromic	Composed of hydrogen and bromine; as, hydrobromic acid.
Hydrobromide	A compound of hydrobromic acid with a base; -- distinguished from a bromide, in which only the bromine unites with the base.
Hydrocarbon	A compound containing only hydrogen and carbon, as methane, benzene, etc.; also, by extension, any of their derivatives.
Hydrocarbonaceous	Of the nature, or containing, hydrocarbons.
Hydrocarbonate	A hydrocarbon.
Hydrocarbonate	A hydrous carbonate, as malachite.
Hydrocarbostyril	A white, crystalline, nitrogenous hydrocarbon, C9H9NO, obtained from certain derivatives of cinnamic acid and closely related to quinoline and carbostyril.
Hydrocarburet	Carbureted hydrogen; also, a hydrocarbon.
Hydrocauli	of Hydrocaulus
Hydrocaulus	The hollow stem of a hydroid, either simple or branched. See Illust. of Gymnoblastea and Hydroidea.
Hydrocele	A collection of serous fluid in the areolar texture of the scrotum or in the coverings, especially in the serous sac, investing the testicle or the spermatic cord; dropsy of the testicle.
Hydrocephalic	Relating to, or connected with, hydrocephalus, or dropsy of the brain.
Hydrocephaloid	Resembling hydrocephalus.
Hydrocephalous	Having hydrocephalus.
Hydrocephalus	An accumulation of liquid within the cavity of the cranium, especially within the ventricles of the brain; dropsy of the brain. It is due usually to tubercular meningitis. When it occurs in infancy, it often enlarges the head enormously.
Hydrochlorate	Same as Hydrochloride.
Hydrochloric	Pertaining to, or compounded of, chlorine and hydrogen gas; as, hydrochloric acid; chlorhydric.
Hydrochloride	A compound of hydrochloric acid with a base; -- distinguished from a chloride, where only chlorine unites with the base.
Hydrocorallia	A division of Hydroidea, including those genera that secrete a stony coral, as Millepora and Stylaster. Two forms of zooids in life project from small pores in the coral and resemble those of other hydroids. See Millepora.
Hydrocyanate	See Hydrocyanide.
Hydrocyanic	Pertaining to, or derived from the combination of, hydrogen and cyanogen.
Hydrocyanide	A compound of hydrocyanic acid with a base; -- distinguished from a cyanide, in which only the cyanogen so combines.
Hydrodynamic	Alt. of Hydrodynamical
Hydrodynamical	Pertaining to, or derived from, the dynamical action of water of a liquid; of or pertaining to water power.
Hydrodynamics	That branch of the science of mechanics which relates to fluids, or, as usually limited, which treats of the laws of motion and action of nonelastic fluids, whether as investigated mathematically, or by observation and experiment; the principles of dynamics, as applied to water and other fluids.
Hydrodynamometer	An instrument to measure the velocity of a liquid current by the force of its impact.
Hydro-electric	Pertaining to, employed in, or produced by, the evolution of electricity by means of a battery in which water or steam is used.
Hydro-extractor	An apparatus for drying anything, as yarn, cloth, sugar, etc., by centrifugal force; a centrifugal.
Hydroferricyanic	Pertaining to, or containing, or obtained from, hydrogen, ferric iron, and cyanogen; as, hydroferricyanic acid. See Ferricyanic.
Hydroferrocyanic	Pertaining to, or containing, or obtained from, hydrogen, ferrous iron, and cyanogen; as, hydroferrocyanic acid. See Ferrocyanic.
Hydrofluate	A supposed compound of hydrofluoris acid and a base; a fluoride.
Hydrofluoric	Pertaining to, or containing, hydrogen and fluorine; fluohydric; as, hydrofluoric acid.
Hydrofluosilicate	A salt of hydrofluosilic acid; a silicofluoride. See Silicofluoride.
Hydrofluosilicic	Pertaining to, or denoting, a compound consisting of a double fluoride of hydrogen and silicon; silicofluoric. See Silicofluoric.
Hydrogalvanic	Pertaining to, produced by, or consisting of, electricity evolved by the action or use of fluids; as, hydrogalvanic currents.
Hydrogen	A gaseous element, colorless, tasteless, and odorless, the lightest known substance, being fourteen and a half times lighter than air (hence its use in filling balloons), and over eleven thousand times lighter than water. It is very abundant, being an ingredient of water and of many other substances, especially those of animal or vegetable origin. It may by produced in many ways, but is chiefly obtained by the action of acids (as sulphuric) on metals, as zinc, iron, etc. It is very inflammable, and is an ingredient of coal gas and water gas. It is standard of chemical equivalents or combining weights, and also of valence, being the typical monad. Symbol H. Atomic weight 1.
Hydrogenated	of Hydrogenate
Hydrogenating	of Hydrogenate
Hydrogenate	To hydrogenize.
Hydrogenation	The act of combining with hydrogen, or the state of being so combined.
Hydrogenide	A binary compound containing hydrogen; a hydride. [R.] See Hydride.
Hydrogenium	Hydrogen; -- called also in view of its supposed metallic nature.
Hydrogenized	of Hydrogenize
Hydrogenizing	of Hydrogenize
Hydrogenize	To combine with hydrogen; to treat with, or subject to the action of, hydrogen; to reduce; -- contrasted with oxidize.
Hydrogenous	Of or pertaining to hydrogen; containing hydrogen.
Hydrognosy	A treatise upon, or a history and description of, the water of the earth.
Hydrogode	The negative pole or cathode.
Hydrographer	One skilled in the hydrography; one who surveys, or draws maps or charts of, the sea, lakes, or other waters, with the adjacent shores; one who describes the sea or other waters.
Hydrographic	Alt. of Hydrographical
Hydrographical	Of or relating to hydrography.
Hydrography	The art of measuring and describing the sea, lakes, rivers, and other waters, with their phenomena.
Hydrography	That branch of surveying which embraces the determination of the contour of the bottom of a harbor or other sheet of water, the depth of soundings, the position of channels and shoals, with the construction of charts exhibiting these particulars.
Hydroguret	A hydride.
Hydroid	Related to, or resembling, the hydra; of or pertaining to the Hydroidea.
Hydroid	One of the Hydroideas.
Hydroidea	An extensive order of Hydrozoa or Acalephae.
Hydrokinetic	Of or pertaining to the motions of fluids, or the forces which produce or affect such motions; -- opposed to hydrostatic.
Hydrological	Of or pertaining to hydrology.
Hydrologist	One skilled in hydrology.
Hydrology	The science of water, its properties, phenomena, and distribution over the earth's surface.
Hydrolytic	Tending to remove or separate water; eliminating water.
Hydromagnesite	A hydrous carbonate of magnesia occurring in white, early, amorphous masses.
Hydromancy	Divination by means of water, -- practiced by the ancients.
Hydromantic	Of or pertaining to divination by water.
Hydromechanics	That branch of physics which treats of the mechanics of liquids, or of their laws of equilibrium and of motion.
Hydromedusae	of Hydromedusa
Hydromedusa	Any medusa or jellyfish which is produced by budding from a hydroid. They are called also Craspedota, and naked-eyed medusae.
Hydromel	A liquor consisting of honey diluted in water, and after fermentation called mead.
Hydromellonic	See Cyamellone.
Hydrometallurgical	Of or pertaining to hydrometallurgy; involving the use of liquid reagents in the treatment or reduction of ores.
Hydrometallurgy	The art or process of assaying or reducing ores by means of liquid reagents.
Hydrometeor	A meteor or atmospheric phenomenon dependent upon the vapor of water; -- in the pl., a general term for the whole aqueous phenomena of the atmosphere, as rain, snow, hail, etc.
Hydrometeorological	Of or pertaining to hydrometeorology, or to rain, clouds, storms, etc.
Hydrometeorology	That branch of meteorology which relates to, or treats of, water in the atmosphere, or its phenomena, as rain, clouds, snow, hail, storms, etc.
Hydrometer	An instrument for determining the specific gravities of liquids, and thence the strength spirituous liquors, saline solutions, etc.
Hydrometer	An instrument, variously constructed, used for measuring the velocity or discharge of water, as in rivers, from reservoirs, etc., and called by various specific names according to its construction or use, as tachometer, rheometer, hydrometer, pendulum, etc.; a current gauge.
Hydrometric	Alt. of Hydrometrical
Hydrometrical	Of or pertaining to an hydrometer, or to the determination of the specific gravity of fluids.
Hydrometrical	Of or pertaining to measurement of the velocity, discharge, etc., of running water.
Hydrometrical	Made by means of an hydrometer; as, hydrometric observations.
Hydrometrograph	An instrument for determining and recording the quantity of water discharged from a pipe, orifice, etc., in a given time.
Hydrometry	The art of determining the specific gravity of liquids, and thence the strength of spirituous liquors, saline solutions, etc.
Hydrometry	The art or operation of measuring the velocity or discharge of running water, as in rivers, etc.
Hydromica	A variety of potash mica containing water. It is less elastic than ordinary muscovite.
Hydronephrosis	An accumulation of urine in the pelvis of the kidney, occasioned by obstruction in the urinary passages.
Hydropath	A hydropathist.
Hydropathic	Alt. of Hydropathical
Hydropathical	Of or pertaining to hydropathy.
Hydropathist	One who practices hydropathy; a water-cure doctor.
Hydropathy	The water cure; a mode of treating diseases by the copious and frequent use of pure water, both internally and externally.
Hydroperitoneum	Same as Ascites.
Hydrophane	A semitranslucent variety of opal that becomes translucent or transparent on immersion in water.
Hydrophanous	Made transparent by immersion in water.
Hydrophid	Any sea snake of the genus Hydrophys and allied genera. These snakes are venomous, live upon fishes, and have a flattened tail for swimming.
Hydrophlorone	A white, crystalline benzene derivative, C8H10O2, obtained by the reduction of phlorone.
Hydrophobia	An abnormal dread of water, said to be a symptom of canine madness; hence:
Hydrophobia	The disease caused by a bite form, or inoculation with the saliva of, a rabid creature, of which the chief symptoms are, a sense of dryness and construction in the throat, causing difficulty in deglutition, and a marked heightening of reflex excitability, producing convulsions whenever the patient attempts to swallow, or is disturbed in any way, as by the sight or sound of water; rabies; canine madness.
Hydrophobic	Of or pertaining to hydrophobia; producing or caused by rabies; as, hydrophobic symptoms; the hydrophobic poison.
Hydrophoby	See Hydrophobia.
Hydrophora	The Hydroidea.
Hydrophore	An instrument used for the purpose of obtaining specimens of water from any desired depth, as in a river, a lake, or the ocean.
Hydrophyllia	of Hydrophyllium
Hydrophylliums	of Hydrophyllium
Hydrophyllium	One of the flat, leaflike, protective zooids, covering other zooids of certain Siphonophora.
Hydrophyte	An aquatic plant; an alga.
Hydrophytology	The branch of botany which treats of water plants.
Hydropic	Alt. of Hydropical
Hydropical	Dropsical, or resembling dropsy.
Hydropically	In a hydropical manner.
Hydropiper	A species (Polygonum Hydropiper) of knotweed with acrid foliage; water pepper; smartweed.
Hydropneumatic	Pertaining to, or depending upon, both liquid and gaseous substances; as, hydropneumatic apparatus for collecting gases over water or other liquids.
Hydropsy	Same as Dropsy.
Hydropult	A machine for throwing water by hand power, as a garden engine, a fire extinguisher, etc.
Hydroquinone	A white crystalline substance, C6H4(OH)2, obtained by the reduction of quinone. It is a diacid phenol, resembling, and metameric with, pyrocatechin and resorcin. Called also dihydroxy benzene.
Hydrorhizae	of Hydrorhiza
Hydrorhizas	of Hydrorhiza
Hydrorhiza	The rootstock or decumbent stem by which a hydroid is attached to other objects. See Illust. under Hydroidea.
Hydrosalt	A salt supposed to be formed by a hydracid and a base.
Hydrosalt	An acid salt.
Hydrosalt	A hydrous salt; a salt combined with water of hydration or crystallization.
Hydroscope	An instrument designed to mark the presence of water, especially in air.
Hydroscope	A kind of water clock, used anciently for measuring time, the water tricking from an orifice at the end of a graduated tube.
Hydrosome	Alt. of Hydrosoma
Hydrosoma	All the zooids of a hydroid colony collectively, including the nutritive and reproductive zooids, and often other kinds.
Hydrosorbic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid obtained from sorbic acid when this takes up hydrogen; as, hydrosorbic acid.
Hydrostat	A contrivance or apparatus to prevent the explosion of steam boilers.
Hydrostatic	Alt. of Hydrostatical
Hydrostatical	Of or relating to hydrostatics; pertaining to, or in accordance with, the principles of the equilibrium of fluids.
Hydrostatically	According to hydrostatics, or to hydrostatic principles.
Hydrostatician	One who is versed or skilled in hydrostatics.
Hydrostatics	The branch of science which relates to the pressure and equilibrium of nonelastic fluids, as water, mercury, etc.; the principles of statics applied to water and other liquids.
Hydrosulphate	Same as Hydrosulphurent.
Hydrosulphide	One of a series of compounds, derived from hydrogen sulphide by the replacement of half its hydrogen by a base or basic radical; as, potassium hydrosulphide, KSH. The hydrosulphides are analogous to the hydrates and include the mercaptans.
Hydrosulphite	A saline compound of hydrosulphurous acid and a base.
Hydrosulphuret	A hydrosulphide.
Hydrosulphureted	Combined with hydrogen sulphide.
Hydrosulphuric	Pertaining to, or derived from, hydrogen and sulphur; as, hydrosulphuric acid, a designation applied to the solution of hydrogen sulphide in water.
Hydrosulphurous	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid obtained by the reduction of sulphurous acid. See Hyposulphurous acid, under Hyposulphurous.
Hydrotellurate	A salt formed by the union of hydrotelluric acid and the base.
Hydrotelluric	Formed by hydrogen and tellurium; as, hydrotelluric acid, or hydrogen telluride.
Hydrothecae	of Hydrotheca
Hydrothecas	of Hydrotheca
Hydrotheca	One of the calicles which, in some Hydroidea (Thecaphora), protect the hydrants. See Illust. of Hydroidea, and Campanularian.
Hydrotherapy	See Hydropathy.
Hydrothermal	Of or pertaining to hot water; -- used esp. with reference to the action of heated waters in dissolving, redepositing, and otherwise producing mineral changes within the crust of the globe.
Hydrothorax	An accumulation of serous fluid in the cavity of the chest.
Hydrotic	Causing a discharge of water or phlegm.
Hydrotic	A hydrotic medicine.
Hydrotical	Hydrotic.
Hydrotrope	A device for raising water by the direct action of steam; a pulsometer.
Hydrotropic	Turning or bending towards moisture, as roots.
Hydrotropism	A tendency towards moisture.
Hydrous	Containing water; watery.
Hydrous	Containing water of hydration or crystallization.
Hydroxanthane	A persulphocyanate.
Hydroxanthic	Persulphocyanic.
Hydroxide	A hydrate; a substance containing hydrogen and oxygen, made by combining water with an oxide, and yielding water by elimination. The hydroxides are regarded as compounds of hydroxyl, united usually with basic element or radical; as, calcium hydroxide ethyl hydroxide.
Hydroxy-	A combining form, also used adjectively, indicating hydroxyl as an ingredient.
Hydroxyl	A compound radical, or unsaturated group, HO, consisting of one atom of hydrogen and one of oxygen. It is a characteristic part of the hydrates, the alcohols, the oxygen acids, etc.
Hydroxylamine	A nitrogenous, organic base, NH2.OH, resembling ammonia, and produced by a modified reduction of nitric acid. It is usually obtained as a volatile, unstable solution in water. It acts as a strong reducing agent.
Hydrozoa	The Acalephae; one of the classes of coelenterates, including the Hydroidea, Discophora, and Siphonophora.
Hydrozoal	Of or pertaining to the Hydrozoa.
Hydrozoa	of Hydrozoon
Hydrozoons	of Hydrozoon
Hydrozoon	One of the Hydrozoa.
Hydruret	A binary compound of hydrogen; a hydride.
Hydrus	A constellation of the southern hemisphere, near the south pole.
Hye	See Hie.
Hyemal	Belonging to winter; done in winter.
Hyemate	To pass the winter.
Hyemation	The passing of a winter in a particular place; a wintering.
Hyemation	The act of affording shelter in winter.
Hyen	A hyena.
Hyenas	of Hyena
Hyena	Any carnivorous mammal of the family Hyaenidae, of which three living species are known. They are large and strong, but cowardly. They feed chiefly on carrion, and are nocturnal in their habits.
Hyetal	Of or pertaining to rain; descriptive of the distribution of rain, or of rainy regions.
Hyetograph	A chart or graphic representation of the average distribution of rain over the surface of the earth.
Hyetographic	Of or pertaining to to hyetography.
Hyetography	The branch of physical science which treats of the geographical distribution of rain.
Hygeia	The goddess of health, daughter of Esculapius.
Hygeian	Relating to Hygeia, the goddess of health; of or pertaining to health, or its preservation.
Hygeist	One skilled in hygiena; a hygienist.
Hygieist	A hygienist.
Hygiene	That department of sanitary science which treats of the preservation of health, esp. of households and communities; a system of principles or rules designated for the promotion of health.
Hygienic	Of or pertaining to health or hygiene; sanitary.
Hygienics	The science of health; hygiene.
Hygienism	Hygiene.
Hygienist	One versed in hygiene.
Hygiology	A treatise on, or the science of, the preservation of health.
Hygrine	An alkaloid associated with cocaine in coca leaves (Erythroxylon coca), and extracted as a thick, yellow oil, having a pungent taste and odor.
Hygrodeik	A form of hygrometer having wet and dry bulb thermometers, with an adjustable index showing directly the percentage of moisture in the air, etc.
Hygrograph	An instrument for recording automatically the variations of the humidity of the atmosphere.
Hygrology	The science which treats of the fluids of the body.
Hygrometer	An instrument for measuring the degree of moisture of the atmosphere.
Hygrometric	Alt. of Hygrometrical
Hygrometrical	Of or pertaining to hygrometry; made with, or according to, the hygrometer; as, hygrometric observations.
Hygrometrical	Readily absorbing and retaining moisture; as, hygrometric substances, like potash.
Hygrometry	That branch of physics which relates to the determination of the humidity of bodies, particularly of the atmosphere, with the theory and use of the instruments constructed for this purpose.
Hygrophanous	Having such a structure as to be diaphanous when moist, and opaque when dry.
Hygrophthalmic	Serving to moisten the eye; -- sometimes applied to the lachrymal ducts.
Hygroplasm	The fluid portion of the cell protoplasm, in opposition to stereoplasm, the solid or insoluble portion. The latter is supposed to be partly nutritive and partly composed of idioplasm.
Hygroscope	An instrument which shows whether there is more or less moisture in the atmosphere, without indicating its amount.
Hygroscopic	Of or pertaining to, or indicated by, the hygroscope; not readily manifest to the senses, but capable of detection by the hygroscope; as, glass is often covered with a film of hygroscopic moisture.
Hygroscopic	Having the property of readily inbibing moisture from the atmosphere, or of the becoming coated with a thin film of moisture, as glass, etc.
Hygroscopicity	The property possessed by vegetable tissues of absorbing or discharging moisture according to circumstances.
Hygrostatics	The science or art of comparing or measuring degrees of moisture.
Hyke	See Haik, and Huke.
Hylaeosaur	Alt. of Hylaeosaurus
Hylaeosaurus	A large Wealden dinosaur from the Tilgate Forest, England. It was about twenty feet long, protected by bony plates in the skin, and armed with spines.
Hylarchical	Presiding over matter.
Hyleosaur	Same as Hylaeosaur.
Hylic	Of or pertaining to matter; material; corporeal; as, hylic influences.
Hylicist	A philosopher who treats chiefly of matter; one who adopts or teaches hylism.
Hylism	A theory which regards matter as the original principle of evil.
Hylobate	Any species of the genus Hylobates; a gibbon, or long-armed ape. See Gibbon.
Hylodes	The piping frog (Hyla Pickeringii), a small American tree frog, which in early spring, while breeding in swamps and ditches, sings with high, shrill, but musical, notes.
Hyloism	Same as Hylotheism.
Hyloist	Same as Hylotheist.
Hylopathism	The doctrine that matter is sentient.
Hylopathist	One who believes in hylopathism.
Hylophagous	Eating green shoots, as certain insects do.
Hylotheism	The doctrine of belief that matter is God, or that there is no God except matter and the universe; pantheism. See Materialism.
Hylotheist	One who believes in hylotheism.
Hylozoic	Of or pertaining to hylozoism.
Hylozoism	The doctrine that matter possesses a species of life and sensation, or that matter and life are inseparable.
Hylozoist	A believer in hylozoism.
Hymar	The wild ass of Persia.
Hymen	A fold of muscous membrane often found at the orifice of the vagina; the vaginal membrane.
Hymen	A fabulous deity; according to some, the son of Apollo and Urania, according to others, of Bacchus and Venus. He was the god of marriage, and presided over nuptial solemnities.
Hymen	Marriage; union as if by marriage.
Hymeneal	Alt. of Hymenean
Hymenean	Of or pertaining to marriage; as, hymeneal rites.
Hymeneal	Alt. of Hymenean
Hymenean	A marriage song.
Hymenia	of Hymenium
Hymeniums	of Hymenium
Hymenium	The spore-bearing surface of certain fungi, as that on the gills of a mushroom.
Hymenogeny	The production of artificial membranes by contact of two fluids, as albumin and fat, by which the globules of the latter are surrounded by a thin film of the former.
Hymenomycetes	One of the great divisions of fungi, containing those species in which the hymenium is completely exposed.
Hymenophore	That part of a fungus which is covered with the hymenium.
Hymenopter	One of the Hymenoptera.
Hymenoptera	An extensive order of insects, including the bees, ants, ichneumons, sawflies, etc.
Hymenopteral	Alt. of Hymenopterous
Hymenopterous	Like, or characteristic of, the Hymenoptera; pertaining to the Hymenoptera.
Hymenopteran	One of the Hymenoptera.
Hymn	An ode or song of praise or adoration; especially, a religious ode, a sacred lyric; a song of praise or thankgiving intended to be used in religious service; as, the Homeric hymns; Watts' hymns.
Hymned	of Hymn
Hymning	of Hymn
Hymn	To praise in song; to worship or extol by singing hymns; to sing.
Hymn	To sing in praise or adoration.
Hymnal	A collection of hymns; a hymn book.
Hymnic	Relating to hymns, or sacred lyrics.
Hymning	Praising with hymns; singing.
Hymning	The singing of hymns.
Hymnist	A writer of hymns.
Hymnody	Hymns, considered collectively; hymnology.
Hymnographer	One who writes on the subject of hymns.
Hymnographer	A writer or composed of hymns.
Hymnography	The art or act of composing hymns.
Hymnologist	A composer or compiler of hymns; one versed in hymnology.
Hymnology	The hymns or sacred lyrics composed by authors of a particular country or period; as, the hymnology of the eighteenth century; also, the collective body of hymns used by any particular church or religious body; as, the Anglican hymnology.
Hymnology	A knowledge of hymns; a treatise on hymns.
Hympne	A hymn.
Hyndreste	See Hinderest.
Hyne	A servant. See Hine.
Hyo-	A prexif used in anatomy, and generally denoting connection with the hyoid bone or arch; as, hyoglossal, hyomandibular, hyomental, etc.
Hyoganoidei	A division of ganoid fishes, including the gar pikes and bowfins.
Hyoglossal	Pertaining to or connecting the tongue and hyodean arch; as, the hyoglossal membrane.
Hyoglossal	Of or pertaining to the hyoglossus muscle.
Hyoglossus	A flat muscle on either side of the tongue, connecting it with the hyoid bone.
Hyoid	Having the form of an arch, or of the Greek letter upsilon [/].
Hyoid	Of or pertaining to the bony or cartilaginous arch which supports the tongue. Sometimes applied to the tongue itself.
Hyoid	The hyoid bone.
Hyoideal	Alt. of Hyoidean
Hyoidean	Same as Hyoid, a.
Hyomandibular	Pertaining both to the hyoidean arch and the mandible or lower jaw; as, the hyomandibular bone or cartilage, a segment of the hyoid arch which connects the lower jaw with the skull in fishes.
Hyomandibular	The hyomandibular bone or cartilage.
Hyomental	Between the hyoid bone and the lower jaw, pertaining to them; suprahyoid; submaxillary; as, the hyomental region of the front of the neck.
Hyopastron	The second lateral plate in the plastron of turtles; -- called also hyosternum.
Hyoscine	An alkaloid found with hyoscyamine (with which it is also isomeric) in henbane, and extracted as a white, amorphous, semisolid substance.
Hyoscyamine	An alkaloid found in henbane (Hyoscyamus niger), and regarded as its active principle. It is also found with other alkaloids in the thorn apple and deadly nightshade. It is extracted as a white crystalline substance, with a sharp, offensive taste. Hyoscyamine is isomeric with atropine, is very poisonous, and is used as a medicine for neuralgia, like belladonna. Called also hyoscyamia, duboisine, etc.
Hyoscyamus	A genus of poisonous plants of the Nightshade family; henbane.
Hyoscyamus	The leaves of the black henbane (Hyoscyamus niger), used in neuralgic and pectorial troubles.
Hyosternal	Between the hyoid bone and the sternum, or pertaining to them; infrahyoid; as, the hyosternal region of the neck.
Hyosternal	Pertaining to the hyosternum of turtles.
Hyosternum	See Hyoplastron.
Hyostylic	Having the mandible suspended by the hyomandibular, or upper part of the hyoid arch, as in fishes, instead of directly articulated with the skull as in mammals; -- said of the skull.
Hyp	An abbreviation of hypochonaria; -- usually in plural.
Hyp	To make melancholy.
Hypaethral	Alt. of Hypethral
Hypethral	Exposed to the air; wanting a roof; -- applied to a building or part of a building.
Hypallage	A figure consisting of a transference of attributes from their proper subjects to other. Thus Virgil says, "dare classibus austros," to give the winds to the fleets, instead of dare classibus austris, to give the fleets to the winds.
Hypanthia	of Hypanthium
Hypanthiums	of Hypanthium
Hypanthium	A fruit consisting in large part of a receptacle, enlarged below the calyx, as in the Calycanthus, the rose hip, and the pear.
Hypapophyles	of Hypapophysis
Hypapophysis	A process, or other element, of a vertebra developed from the ventral side of the centrum, as haemal spines, and chevron bones.
Hyparterial	Situated below an artery; applied esp. to the branches of the bronchi given off below the point where the pulmonary artery crosses the bronchus.
Hypaspist	A shield-bearer or armor-bearer.
Hypaxial	Beneath the axis of the skeleton; subvertebral; hyposkeletal.
Hyper-	A prefix signifying over, above; as, hyperphysical, hyperthyrion; also, above measure, abnormally great, excessive; as, hyperaemia, hyperbola, hypercritical, hypersecretion.
Hyper-	A prefix equivalent to super- or per-; as hyperoxide, or peroxide. [Obs.] See Per-.
Hyperaemia	A superabundance or congestion of blood in an organ or part of the body.
Hyperaesthesia	A state of exalted or morbidly increased sensibility of the body, or of a part of it.
Hyperapophyses	of Hyperapophysis
Hyperapophysis	A lateral and backward-projecting process on the dorsal side of a vertebra.
Hyperaspist	One who holds a shield over another; hence, a defender.
Hyperbatic	Of or pertaining to an hyperbaton; transposed; inverted.
Hyperbaton	A figurative construction, changing or inverting the natural order of words or clauses; as, "echoed the hills" for "the hills echoed."
Hyperbola	A curve formed by a section of a cone, when the cutting plane makes a greater angle with the base than the side of the cone makes. It is a plane curve such that the difference of the distances from any point of it to two fixed points, called foci, is equal to a given distance. See Focus. If the cutting plane be produced so as to cut the opposite cone, another curve will be formed, which is also an hyperbola. Both curves are regarded as branches of the same hyperbola. See Illust. of Conic section, and Focus.
Hyperbole	A figure of speech in which the expression is an evident exaggeration of the meaning intended to be conveyed, or by which things are represented as much greater or less, better or worse, than they really are; a statement exaggerated fancifully, through excitement, or for effect.
Hyperbolic	Alt. of Hyperbolical
Hyperbolical	Belonging to the hyperbola; having the nature of the hyperbola.
Hyperbolical	Relating to, containing, or of the nature of, hyperbole; exaggerating or diminishing beyond the fact; exceeding the truth; as, an hyperbolical expression.
Hyperbolically	In the form of an hyperbola.
Hyperbolically	With exaggeration; in a manner to express more or less than the truth.
Hyperboliform	Having the form, or nearly the form, of an hyperbola.
Hyperbolism	The use of hyperbole.
Hyperbolist	One who uses hyperboles.
Hyperbolized	of Hyperbolize
Hyperbolizing	of Hyperbolize
Hyperbolize	To speak or write with exaggeration.
Hyperbolize	To state or represent hyperbolically.
Hyperboloid	A surface of the second order, which is cut by certain planes in hyperbolas; also, the solid, bounded in part by such a surface.
Hyperboloid	Having some property that belongs to an hyperboloid or hyperbola.
Hyperborean	Of or pertaining to the region beyond the North wind, or to its inhabitants.
Hyperborean	Northern; belonging to, or inhabiting, a region in very far north; most northern; hence, very cold; fright, as, a hyperborean coast or atmosphere.
Hyperborean	One of the people who lived beyond the North wind, in a land of perpetual sunshine.
Hyperborean	An inhabitant of the most northern regions.
Hypercarbureted	Having an excessive proportion of carbonic acid; -- said of bicarbonates or acid carbonates.
Hypercatalectic	Having a syllable or two beyond measure; as, a hypercatalectic verse.
Hyperchloric	See Perchloric.
Hyperchromatism	The condition of having an unusual intensity of color.
Hypercritic	One who is critical beyond measure or reason; a carping critic; a captious censor.
Hypercritic	Hypercritical.
Hypercritical	Over critical; unreasonably or unjustly critical; carping; captious.
Hypercritical	Excessively nice or exact.
Hypercritically	In a hypercritical manner.
Hypercriticise	To criticise with unjust severity; to criticise captiously.
Hypercriticism	Excessive criticism, or unjust severity or rigor of criticism; zoilism.
Hyperdicrotic	Excessive dicrotic; as, a hyperdicrotic pulse.
Hyperdicrotism	A hyperdicrotic condition.
Hyperdicrotous	Hyperdicrotic.
Hyperdulia	Veneration or worship given to the Virgin Mary as the most exalted of mere creatures; higher veneration than dulia.
Hyperduly	Hyperdulia.
Hyperesthesia	Same as Hyperaesthesia.
Hypericum	A genus of plants, generally with dotted leaves and yellow flowers; -- called also St. John's-wort.
Hyperinosis	A condition of the blood, characterized by an abnormally large amount of fibrin, as in many inflammatory diseases.
Hyperion	The god of the sun; in the later mythology identified with Apollo, and distinguished for his beauty.
Hyperkinesis	Abnormally increased muscular movement; spasm.
Hyperkinetic	Of or pertaining to hyperkinesis.
Hypermetamorphosis	A kind of metamorphosis, in certain insects, in which the larva itself undergoes remarkable changes of form and structure during its growth.
Hypermeter	A verse which has a redundant syllable or foot; a hypercatalectic verse.
Hypermeter	Hence, anything exceeding the ordinary standard.
Hypermetrical	Having a redundant syllable; exceeding the common measure.
Hypermetropia	Alt. of Hypermetropy
Hypermetropy	A condition of the eye in which, through shortness of the eyeball or fault of the refractive media, the rays of light come to a focus behind the retina; farsightedness; -- called also hyperopia.  Cf. Emmetropia.
Hypermyriorama	A show or exhibition having a great number of scenes or views.
Hyperoartia	An order of marsipobranchs including the lampreys. The suckerlike moth contains numerous teeth; the nasal opening is in the middle of the head above, but it does not connect with the mouth. See Cyclostoma, and Lamprey.
Hyperopia	Hypermetropia.
Hyperorganic	Higher than, or beyond the sphere of, the organic.
Hyperorthodoxy	Orthodoxy pushed to excess.
Hyperotreta	An order of marsipobranchs, including the Myxine or hagfish and the genus Bdellostoma. They have barbels around the mouth, one tooth on the plate, and a communication between the nasal aperture and the throat. See Hagfish.
Hyperoxide	A compound having a relatively large percentage of oxygen; a peroxide.
Hyperoxygenated	Alt. of Hyperoxygenized
Hyperoxygenized	Combined with a relatively large amount of oxygen; -- said of higher oxides.
Hyperoxymuriate	A perchlorate.
Hyperoxymuriatic	Perchloric; as, hyperoxymuriatic acid.
Hyperphysical	Above or transcending physical laws; supernatural.
Hyperplasia	An increase in, or excessive growth of, the normal elements of any part.
Hyperplastic	Of or pertaining to hyperplasia.
Hyperplastic	Tending to excess of formative action.
Hypernoea	Abnormal breathing, due to slightly deficient arterialization of the blood; -- in distinction from eupnoea. See Eupnoea, and Dispnoea.
Hyperpyrexia	A condition of excessive fever; an elevation of temperature in a disease, in excess of the limit usually observed in that disease.
Hypersecretion	Morbid or excessive secretion, as in catarrh.
Hypersensibility	See Hyperaesthesia.
Hyperspace	An imagined space having more than three dimensions.
Hypersthene	An orthorhombic mineral of the pyroxene group, of a grayish or greenish black color, often with a peculiar bronzelike luster (schiller) on the cleavage surface.
Hypersthenic	Composed of, or containing, hypersthene.
Hyperthetical	Exaggerated; excessive; hyperbolical.
Hyperthyrion	That part of the architrave which is over a door or window.
Hypertrophic	Alt. of Hypertrophical
Hypertrophical	Of or pertaining to hypertrophy; affected with, or tending to, hypertrophy.
Hypertrophied	Excessively developed; characterized by hypertrophy.
Hypertrophy	A condition of overgrowth or excessive development of an organ or part; -- the opposite of atrophy.
Hyphae	The long, branching filaments of which the mycelium (and the greater part of the plant) of a fungus is formed.  They are also found enveloping the gonidia of lichens, making up a large part of their structure.
Hyphen	A mark or short dash, thus [-], placed at the end of a line which terminates with a syllable of a word, the remainder of which is carried to the next line; or between the parts of many a compound word; as in fine-leaved, clear-headed. It is also sometimes used to separate the syllables of words.
Hyphened	of Hyphen
Hyphening	of Hyphen
Hyphen	To connect with, or separate by, a hyphen, as two words or the parts of a word.
Hyphenated	United by hyphens; hyphened; as, a hyphenated or hyphened word.
Hyphomycetes	One of the great division of fungi, containing those species which have naked spores borne on free or only fasciculate threads.
Hypidiomorphic	Partly idiomorphic; -- said of rock a portion only of whose constituents have a distinct crystalline form.
Hypinosis	A diminution in the normal amount of fibrin present in the blood.
Hypnagogic	Leading to sleep; -- applied to the illusions of one who is half asleep.
Hypnobate	A somnambulist.
Hypnocyst	A cyst in which some unicellular organisms temporarily inclose themselves, from which they emerge unchanged, after a period of drought or deficiency of food. In some instances, a process of spore formation seems to occur within such cysts.
Hypnogenic	Relating to the production of hypnotic sleep; as, the so-called hypnogenic pressure points, pressure upon which is said to cause an attack of hypnotic sleep.
Hypnologist	One who is versed in hypnology.
Hypnology	A treatise on sleep; the doctrine of sleep.
Hypnosis	Supervention of sleep.
Hypnotic	Having the quality of producing sleep; tending to produce sleep; soporific.
Hypnotic	Of or pertaining to hypnotism; in a state of hypnotism; liable to hypnotism; as, a hypnotic condition.
Hypnotic	Any agent that produces, or tends to produce, sleep; an opiate; a soporific; a narcotic.
Hypnotic	A person who exhibits the phenomena of, or is subject to, hypnotism.
Hypnotism	A form of sleep or somnambulism brought on by artificial means, in which there is an unusual suspension of some powers, and an unusual activity of others. It is induced by an action upon the nerves, through the medium of the senses, as in persons of very feeble organization, by gazing steadly at a very bright object held before the eyes, or by pressure upon certain points of the surface of the body.
Hypnotization	The act or process of producing hypnotism.
Hypnotized	of Hypnotize
Hypnotizing	of Hypnotize
Hypnotize	To induce hypnotism in; to place in a state of hypnotism.
Hypnotizer	One who hypnotizes.
Hypnum	The largest genus of true mosses; feather moss.
Hypo-	A prefix signifying a less quantity, or a low state or degree, of that denoted by the word with which it is joined, or position under or beneath.
Hypo-	A prefix denoting that the element to the name of which it is prefixed enters with a low valence, or in a low state of oxidization, usually the lowest, into the compounds indicated; as, hyposulphurous acid.
Hypo	Hypochondria.
Hypo	Sodium hyposulphite, or thiosulphate, a solution of which is used as a bath to wash out the unchanged silver salts in a picture.
Hypoarian	Of or pertaining to a hypoarion.
Hypoaria	of Hypoarion
Hypoarion	An oval lobe beneath each of the optic lobes in many fishes; one of the inferior lobes.
Hypoblast	The inner or lower layer of the blastoderm; -- called also endoderm, entoderm, and sometimes hypoderm. See Illust. of Blastoderm, Delamination, and Ectoderm.
Hypoblastic	Relating to, or connected with, the hypoblast; as, the hypoic sac.
Hypobole	A figure in which several things are mentioned that seem to make against the argument, or in favor of the opposite side, each of them being refuted in order.
Hypobranchial	Pertaining to the segment between the basibranchial and the ceratobranchial in a branchial arch.
Hypobranchial	A hypobranchial bone or cartilage.
Hypocarp	Alt. of Hypocarpium
Hypocarpium	A fleshy enlargement of the receptacle, or for the stem, below the proper fruit, as in the cashew. See Illust. of Cashew.
Hypocarpogean	Producing fruit below the ground.
Hypocaust	A furnace, esp. one connected with a series of small chambers and flues of tiles or other masonry through which the heat of a fire was distributed to rooms above. This contrivance, first used in bath, was afterwards adopted in private houses.
Hypochlorite	A salt of hypochlorous acid; as, a calcium hypochloride.
Hypochlorous	Pertaining to, or derived from, chlorine having a valence lower than in chlorous compounds.
Hypochondres	The hypochondriac regions. See Hypochondrium.
Hypochondria	Hypochondriasis; melancholy; the blues.
Hypochondriac	Of or pertaining to hypochondria, or the hypochondriac regions.
Hypochondriac	Affected, characterized, or produced, by hypochondriasis.
Hypochondriac	A person affected with hypochondriasis.
Hypochondriacal	Same as Hypochondriac, 2.
Hypochondriacism	Hypochondriasis.
Hypochondriasis	A mental disorder in which melancholy and gloomy views torment the affected person, particularly concerning his own health.
Hypochondriasm	Hypochondriasis.
Hypochondria	of Hypochondrium
Hypochondriums	of Hypochondrium
Hypochondrium	Either of the hypochondriac regions.
Hypochondry	Hypochondriasis.
Hypocist	An astringent inspissated juice obtained from the fruit of a plant (Cytinus hypocistis), growing from the roots of the Cistus, a small European shrub.
Hypocleida	of Hypocleidium
Hypocleidiums	of Hypocleidium
Hypocleidium	A median process on the furculum, or merrythought, of many birds, where it is connected with the sternum.
Hypocoristic	Endearing; diminutive; as, the hypocoristic form of a name.
Hypocrateriform	hypocraterimorphous; salver-shaped.
Hypocraterimorphous	Salver-shaped; having a slender tube, expanding suddenly above into a bowl-shaped or spreading border, as in the blossom of the phlox and the lilac.
Hypocrisies	of Hypocrisy
Hypocrisy	The act or practice of a hypocrite; a feigning to be what one is not, or to feel what one does not feel; a dissimulation, or a concealment of one's real character, disposition, or motives; especially, the assuming of false appearance of virtue or religion; a simulation of goodness.
Hypocrite	One who plays a part; especially, one who, for the purpose of winning approbation of favor, puts on a fair outside seeming; one who feigns to be other and better than he is; a false pretender to virtue or piety; one who simulates virtue or piety.
Hypocritely	Hypocritically.
Hypocritic	See Hypocritical.
Hypocritical	Of or pertaining to a hypocrite, or to hypocrisy; as, a hypocriticalperson; a hypocritical look; a hypocritical action.
Hypocrystalline	Partly crystalline; -- said of rock which consists of crystals imbedded in a glassy ground mass.
Hypocycloid	A curve traced by a point in the circumference of a circle which rolls on the concave side in the fixed circle.  Cf. Epicycloid, and Trochoid.
-tyla	of Hypodactylum
Hypodactylum	The under side of the toes.
Hypoderm	Same as Hypoblast.
Hypoderma	A layer of tissue beneath the epidermis in plants, and performing the physiological function of strengthening the epidermal tissue. In phanerogamous plants it is developed as collenchyma.
Hypoderma	An inner cellular layer which lies beneath the chitinous cuticle of arthropods, annelids, and some other invertebrates.
Hypodermatic	Hypodermic.
Hypodermic	Of or pertaining to the parts under the skin.
Hypodermis	Same as Hypoblast.
Hypodermis	Same as Hypoderma, 2.
Hypodicrotic	Alt. of Hypodicrotous
Hypodicrotous	Exhibiting retarded dicrotism; as, a hypodicrotic pulse curve.
Hypogaeic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, the peanut, or earthnut (Arachis hypogaea).
Hypogastric	Of or pertaining to the hypogastrium or the hypogastric region.
Hypogastrium	The lower part of the abdomen.
Hypogean	Hypogeous.
Hypogene	Formed or crystallized at depths the earth's surface; -- said of granite, gneiss, and other rocks, whose crystallization is believed of have taken place beneath a great thickness of overlying rocks. Opposed to epigene.
Hypogeous	Growing under ground; remaining under ground; ripening its fruit under ground.
Hypogea	of Hypogeum
Hypogeum	The subterraneous portion of a building, as in amphitheaters, for the service of the games; also, subterranean galleries, as the catacombs.
Hypoglossal	Under the tongue; -- applied esp., in the higher vertebrates, to the twelfth or last pair of cranial nerves, which are distributed to the base of the tongue.
Hypoglossal	One of the hypoglossal nerves.
Hypognatous	Having the maxilla, or lower jaw, longer than the upper, as in the skimmer.
Hypogyn	An hypogynous plant.
Hypogynous	Inserted below the pistil or pistils; -- said of sepals, petals, and stamens; having the sepals, petals, and stamens inserted below the pistil; -- said of a flower or a plant.
Hypohyal	Pertaining to one or more small elements in the hyoidean arch of fishes, between the caratohyal and urohyal.
Hypohyal	One of the hypohyal bones or cartilages.
Hyponastic	Exhibiting a downward convexity caused by unequal growth.  Cf. Epinastic.
Hyponasty	Downward convexity, or convexity of the inferior surface.
Hyponitrite	A salt of hyponitrous acid.
Hyponitrous	Containing or derived from nitrogen having a lower valence than in nitrous compounds.
Hypopharynx	An appendage or fold on the lower side of the pharynx, in certain insects.
Hypophosphate	A salt of hypophosphoric acid.
Hypophosphite	A salt of hypophosphorous acid.
Hypophosphoric	Pertaining to, or derived from, or containing, phosphorus in a lower state of oxidation than in phosphoric compounds; as, hypophosphoric acid.
Hypophosphorous	Pertaining to, or containing, phosphorus in a lower state of oxidation than in phosphoric compounds; as, hypophosphorous acid.
Hypophyllous	Being or growing on the under side of a leaf, as the fruit dots of ferns.
Hypophysial	Of or pertaining to the hypophysis; pituitary.
Hypophysis	See Pituitary body, under Pituitary.
Hypophysis	Cataract.
Hypoplastra	of Hypoplastron
Hypoplastron	The third lateral plate in the plastron of turtles; -- called also hyposternum.
Hypoptila	of Hypoptilum
Hypoptilums	of Hypoptilum
Hypoptilum	An accessory plume arising from the posterior side of the stem of the contour feathers of many birds; -- called also aftershaft. See Illust. of Feather.
Hyporadii	of Hyporadius
Hyporadius	One of the barbs of the hypoptilum, or aftershaft of a feather. See Feather.
Hyporhachides	of Hyporhachis
Hyporhachis	The stem of an aftershaft or hypoptilum.
Hyposkeletal	Beneath the endoskeleton; hypaxial; as, the hyposkeletal muscles; -- opposed to episkeletal.
Hypospadias	A deformity of the penis, in which the urethra opens upon its under surface.
Hypostases	of Hypostasis
Hypostasis	That which forms the basis of anything; underlying principle; a concept or mental entity conceived or treated as an existing being or thing.
Hypostasis	Substance; subsistence; essence; person; personality; -- used by the early theologians to denote any one of the three subdivisions of the Godhead, the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.
Hypostasis	Principle; an element; -- used by the alchemists in speaking of salt, sulphur, and mercury, which they considered as the three principles of all material bodies.
Hypostasis	That which is deposited at the bottom of a fluid; sediment.
Hypostasize	To make into a distinct substance; to conceive or treat as an existing being; to hypostatize.
Hypostatic	Alt. of Hypostatical
Hypostatical	Relating to hypostasis, or substance; hence, constitutive, or elementary.
Hypostatical	Personal, or distinctly personal; relating to the divine hypostases, or substances.
Hypostatical	Depending upon, or due to, deposition or setting; as, hypostatic cognestion, cognestion due to setting of blood by gravitation.
Hypostatically	In a hypostatic manner.
Hypostatize	To make into, or regarded as, a separate and distinct substance.
Hypostatize	To attribute actual or personal existence to.
Hyposterna	of Hyposternum
Hyposternums	of Hyposternum
Hyposternum	See Hypoplastron.
Hypostome	Alt. of Hypostoma
Hypostoma	The lower lip of trilobites, crustaceans, etc.
Hypostrophe	The act of a patient turning himself.
Hypostrophe	A relapse, or return of a disease.
Hypostyle	Resting upon columns; constructed by means of columns; -- especially applied to the great hall at Karnak.
Hyposulphate	A salt of hyposulphuric acid.
Hyposulphite	A salt of what was formerly called hyposulphurous acid; a thiosulphate.
Hyposulphite	A salt of hyposulphurous acid proper.
Hyposulphuric	Pertaining to, or containing, sulphur in a lower state of oxidation than in the sulphuric compounds; as, hyposulphuric acid.
Hyposulphurous	Pertaining to, or containing, sulphur, all, or a part, in a low state of oxidation.
Hypotarsi	of Hypotarsus
Hypotarsus	A process on the posterior side of the tarsometatarsus of many birds; the calcaneal process.
Hypotenuse	Alt. of Hypothenuse
Hypothenuse	The side of a right-angled triangle that is opposite to the right angle.
Hypothec	A landlord's right, independently of stipulation, over the stocking (cattle, implements, etc.), and crops of his tenant, as security for payment of rent.
Hypotheca	An obligation by which property of a debtor was made over to his creditor in security of his debt.
Hypothecated	of Hypothecate
Hypothecating	of Hypothecate
Hypothecate	To subject, as property, to liability for a debt or engagement without delivery of possession or transfer of title; to pledge without delivery of possession; to mortgage, as ships, or other personal property; to make a contract by bottomry. See Hypothecation, Bottomry.
Hypothecation	The act or contract by which property is hypothecated; a right which a creditor has in or to the property of his debtor, in virtue of which he may cause it to be sold and the price appropriated in payment of his debt. This is a right in the thing, or jus in re.
Hypothecation	A contract whereby, in consideration of money advanced for the necessities of the ship, the vessel, freight, or cargo is made liable for its repayment, provided the ship arrives in safety. It is usually effected by a bottomry bond. See Bottomry.
Hypothecator	One who hypothecates or pledges anything as security for the repayment of money borrowed.
Hypothenal	Alt. of Hypothenar
Hypothenar	Of or pertaining to the prominent part of the palm of the hand above the base of the little finger, or a corresponding part in the forefoot of an animal; as, the hypothenar eminence.
Hypothenar	The hypothenar eminence.
Hypothenusal	Of or pertaining to hypothenuse.
Hypothenuse	Same as Hypotenuse.
Hypotheses	of Hypothesis
Hypothesis	A supposition; a proposition or principle which is supposed or taken for granted, in order to draw a conclusion or inference for proof of the point in question; something not proved, but assumed for the purpose of argument, or to account for a fact or an occurrence; as, the hypothesis that head winds detain an overdue steamer.
Hypothesis	A tentative theory or supposition provisionally adopted to explain certain facts, and to guide in the investigation of others; hence, frequently called a working hypothesis.
Hypothetic	Alt. of Hypothetical
Hypothetical	Characterized by, or of the nature of, an hypothesis; conditional; assumed without proof, for the purpose of reasoning and deducing proof, or of accounting for some fact or phenomenon.
Hypothetist	One who proposes or supports an hypothesis.
Hypotrachelium	Same as Gorgerin.
Hypotricha	A division of ciliated Infusoria in which the cilia cover only the under side of the body.
Hypotrochoid	A curve, traced by a point in the radius, or radius produced, of a circle which rolls upon the concave side of a fixed circle. See Hypocycloid, Epicycloid, and Trochoid.
Hypotyposis	A vivid, picturesque description of scenes or events.
Hypoxanthin	A crystalline, nitrogenous substance, closely related to xanthin and uric acid, widely distributed through the animal body, but especially in muscle tissue; -- called also sarcin, sarkin.
Hypozoic	Anterior in age to the lowest rocks which contain organic remains.
Hyppish	Affected with hypochondria; hypped.
Hyppogriff	See Hyppogriff.
Hypsiloid	Resembling the Greek letter / in form; hyoid.
Hypsometer	An instrument for measuring heights by observation of barometric pressure; esp., one for determining heights by ascertaining the boiling point of water. It consists of a vessel for water, with a lamp for heating it, and an inclosed thermometer for showing the temperature of ebullition.
Hypsometric	Alt. of Hypsometrical
Hypsometrical	Of or pertaining to hypsometry.
Hypsometry	That branch of the science of geodesy which has to do with the measurement of heights, either absolutely with reference to the sea level, or relatively.
Hypural	Under the tail; -- applied to the bones which support the caudal fin rays in most fishes.
Hyracoid	Of or pertaining to the Hyracoidea.
Hyracoid	One of the Hyracoidea.
Hyracoidea	An order of small hoofed mammals, comprising the single living genus Hyrax.
Hyrax	Any animal of the genus Hyrax, of which about four species are known. They constitute the order Hyracoidea. The best known species are the daman (H. Syriacus) of Palestine, and the klipdas (H. capensis) of South Africa. Other species are H. arboreus and H. Sylvestris, the former from Southern, and the latter from Western, Africa. See Daman.
Hyrcanian	Alt. of Hyrcan
Hyrcan	Of or pertaining to Hyrcania, an ancient country or province of Asia, southeast of the Caspian (which was also called the Hyrcanian) Sea.
Hyrse	Millet.
Hyrst	A wood. See Hurst.
Hyson	A fragrant kind of green tea.
Hyssop	A plant (Hyssopus officinalis). The leaves have an aromatic smell, and a warm, pungent taste.
Hysteranthous	Having the leaves expand after the flowers have opened.
Hysteresis	A lagging or retardation of the effect, when the forces acting upon a body are changed, as if from velocity or internal friction; a temporary resistance to change from a condition previously induced, observed in magnetism, thermoelectricity, etc., on reversal of polarity.
Hysteria	A nervous affection, occurring almost exclusively in women, in which the emotional and reflex excitability is exaggerated, and the will power correspondingly diminished, so that the patient loses control over the emotions, becomes the victim of imaginary sensations, and often falls into paroxism or fits.
Hysteric	Alt. of Hysterical
Hysterical	Of or pertaining to hysteria; affected, or troubled, with hysterics; convulsive, fitful.
Hysterics	Hysteria.
Hysteroepilepsy	A disease resembling hysteria in its nature, and characterized by the occurrence of epileptiform convulsions, which can often be controlled or excited by pressure on the ovaries, and upon other definite points in the body.
Hysterogenic	Producing hysteria; as, the hysterogenicpressure points on the surface of the body, pressure upon which is said both to produce and arrest an attack of hysteria.
Hysterology	A figure by which the ordinary course of thought is inverted in expression, and the last put first; -- called also hysteron proteron.
Hysteron proteron	A figure in which the natural order of sense is reversed; hysterology; as, valet atque vivit, "he is well and lives."
Hysteron proteron	An inversion of logical order, in which the conclusion is put before the premises, or the thing proved before the evidence.
Hysterophyte	A plant, like the fungus, which lives on dead or living organic matter.
Hysterotomy	The Caesarean section. See under Caesarean.
Hystricine	Like or pertaining to the porcupines.
Hystricomorphous	Like, or allied to, the porcupines; -- said of a group (Hystricomorpha) of rodents.
Hystrix	A genus of rodents, including the porcupine.
Hythe	A small haven. See Hithe.
