K	the eleventh letter of the English alphabet, is nonvocal consonant. The form and sound of the letter K are from the Latin, which used the letter but little except in the early period of the language. It came into the Latin from the Greek, which received it from a Phoenician source, the ultimate origin probably being Egyptian.  Etymologically K is most nearly related to c, g, h (which see).
Kaama	The hartbeest.
Kabala	See Cabala.
Kabassou	See Cabassou.
Kabob	See Cabob, n. & v. t.
Kabook	A clay ironstone found in Ceylon.
Kabyle	A Berber, as in Algiers or Tunis. See Berber.
Kadder	The jackdaw.
Kadi	Alt. of Kadiaster
Kadiaster	A Turkish judge. See Cadi.
Kafal	The Arabian name of two trees of the genus Balsamodendron, which yield a gum resin and a red aromatic wood.
Kaffir	Alt. of Kafir
Kafir	One of a race which, with the Hottentots and Bushmen, inhabit South Africa. They inhabit the country north of Cape Colony, the name being now specifically applied to the tribes living between Cape Colony and Natal; but the Zulus of Natal are true Kaffirs.
Kafir	One of a race inhabiting Kafiristan in Central Asia.
Kaffle	See Coffle.
Kafilah	See Cafila.
Kaftan	See Caftan.
Kage	A chantry chapel inclosed with lattice or screen work.
Kagu	A singular, crested, grallatorial bird (Rhinochetos jubatus), native of New Caledonia. It is gray above, paler beneath, and the feathers of the wings and tail are handsomely barred with brown, black, and gray. It is allied to the sun bittern.
Kaguan	The colugo.
Kahani	A kind of notary public, or attorney, in the Levant.
Kahau	A long-nosed monkey (Semnopithecus nasalis), native of Borneo. The general color of the body is bright chestnut, with the under parts, shoulders, and sides of the head, golden yellow, and the top of the head and upper part of the back brown. Called also proboscis monkey.
Kail	A kind of headless cabbage. Same as Kale, 1.
Kail	Any cabbage, greens, or vegetables.
Kail	A broth made with kail or other vegetables; hence, any broth; also, a dinner.
Kaimacam	Same as Caimacam.
Kain	Poultry, etc., required by the lease to be paid in kind by a tenant to his landlord.
Kainit	Salts of potassium used in the manufacture of fertilizers.
Kainite	A compound salt consisting chiefly of potassium chloride and magnesium sulphate, occurring at the Stassfurt salt mines in Prussian Saxony.
Kainozoic	See Cenozoic.
Kaique	See Caique.
Kairine	A pale buff or white crystalline alkaloid derived from quinoline, and used as an antipyretic in medicine.
Kairoline	An organic base obtained from quinoline. It is used as a febrifuge, and resembles kairine.
Kaiser	The ancient title of emperors of Germany assumed by King William of Prussia when crowned sovereign of the new German empire in 1871.
Kaka	A New Zealand parrot of the genus Nestor, especially the brown parrot (Nestor meridionalis).
Kakapo	A singular nocturnal parrot (Strigops habroptilus), native of New Zealand. It lives in holes during the day, but is active at night. It resembles an owl in its colors and general appearance. It has large wings, but can fly only a short distance. Called also owl parrot, night parrot, and night kaka.
Kakaralli	A kind of wood common in Demerara, durable in salt water, because not subject to the depredations of the sea worm and barnacle.
Kakistocracy	Government by the worst men.
Kakoxene	See Cacoxene.
Kalan	The sea otter.
Kalasie	A long-tailed monkey of Borneo (Semnopithecus rubicundus). It has a tuft of long hair on the head.
Kale	A variety of cabbage in which the leaves do not form a head, being nearly the original or wild form of the species.
Kale	See Kail, 2.
Kaleege	One of several species of large, crested, Asiatic pheasants, belonging to the genus Euplocamus, and allied to the firebacks.
Kaleidophon	Alt. of Kaleidophone
Kaleidophone	An instrument invented by Professor Wheatstone, consisting of a reflecting knob at the end of a vibrating rod or thin plate, for making visible, in the motion of a point of light reflected from the knob, the paths or curves corresponding with the musical notes produced by the vibrations.
Kaleidoscope	An instrument invented by Sir David Brewster, which contains loose fragments of colored glass, etc., and reflecting surfaces so arranged that changes of position exhibit its contents in an endless variety of beautiful colors and symmetrical forms. It has been much employed in arts of design.
Kaleidoscopic	Alt. of Kaleidoscopical
Kaleidoscopical	Of, pertaining to, or formed by, a kaleidoscope; variegated.
Kalendar	See Calendar.
Kalendarial	See Calendarial.
Kalender	See 3d Calender.
Kalends	Same as Calends.
Kali	The last and worst of the four ages of the world; -- considered to have begun B. C. 3102, and to last 432,000 years.
Kali	The black, destroying goddess; -- called also Doorga, Anna Purna.
Kali	The glasswort (Salsola Kali).
Kalif	See Caliph.
Kaliform	Formed like kali, or glasswort.
Kaligenous	Forming alkalies with oxygen, as some metals.
Kalium	Potassium; -- so called by the German chemists.
Kalki	The name of Vishnu in his tenth and last avatar.
Kalmia	A genus of North American shrubs with poisonous evergreen foliage and corymbs of showy flowers. Called also mountain laurel, ivy bush, lamb kill, calico bush, etc.
Kalmuck	See Calmucks.
Kalmuck	A kind of shaggy cloth, resembling bearskin.
Kalmuck	A coarse, dyed, cotton cloth, made in Prussia.
Kalong	A fruit bat, esp. the Indian edible fruit bat (Pteropus edulis).
Kaloyer	See Caloyer.
Kalpa	One of the Brahmanic eons, a period of 4,320,000,000 years. At the end of each Kalpa the world is annihilated.
Kalsomine	Same as Calcimine.
Kam	Crooked; awry.
Kama	The Hindoo Cupid. He is represented as a beautiful youth, with a bow of sugar cane or flowers.
Kamala	The red dusty hairs of the capsules of an East Indian tree (Mallotus Philippinensis) used for dyeing silk. It is violently emetic, and is used in the treatment of tapeworm.
Kame	A low ridge.
Kami	A title given to the celestial gods of the first mythical dynasty of Japan and extended to the demigods of the second dynasty, and then to the long line of spiritual princes still represented by the mikado.
Kamichi	A curious South American bird (Anhima, / Palamedea, cornuta), often domesticated by the natives and kept with poultry, which it defends against birds of prey. It has a long, slender, hornlike ornament on its head, and two sharp spurs on each wing. Although its beak, feet, and legs resemble those of gallinaceous birds, it is related in anatomical characters to the ducks and geese (Anseres). Called also horned screamer. The name is sometimes applied also to the chaja. See Chaja, and Screamer.
Kamptulicon	A kind of elastic floor cloth, made of India rubber, gutta-percha, linseed oil, and powdered cork.
Kampylite	A variety of mimetite or arseniate of lead in hexagonal prisms of a fine orange yellow.
Kamsin	Alt. of Khamsin
Khamsin	A hot southwesterly wind in Egypt, coming from the Sahara.
Kamtschadales	An aboriginal tribe inhabiting the southern part of Kamtschatka.
Kan	To know; to ken.
Kan	See Khan.
Kanacka	Alt. of Kanaka
Kanaka	A native of the Sandwich Islands.
Kanchil	A small chevrotain of the genus Tragulus, esp. T. pygmaeus, or T. kanchil, inhabiting Java, Sumatra, and adjacent islands; a deerlet. It is noted for its agility and cunning.
Kand	Fluor spar; -- so called by Cornish miners.
Kangaroo	Any one of numerous species of jumping marsupials of the family Macropodidae. They inhabit Australia, New Guinea, and adjacent islands, They have long and strong hind legs and a large tail, while the fore legs are comparatively short and feeble. The giant kangaroo (Macropus major) is the largest species, sometimes becoming twelve or fourteen feet in total length. The tree kangaroos, belonging to the genus Dendrolagus, live in trees; the rock kangaroos, of the genus Petrogale, inhabit rocky situations; and the brush kangaroos, of the genus Halmaturus, inhabit wooded districts. See Wallaby.
Kansas	A tribe of Indians allied to the Winnebagoes and Osages. They formerly inhabited the region which is now the State of Kansas, but were removed to the Indian Territory.
Kantian	Of or pertaining to Immanuel Kant, the German philosopher; conformed or relating to any or all of the philosophical doctrines of Immanuel Kant.
Kantian	A follower of Kant; a Kantist.
Kantianism	Alt. of Kantism
Kantism	The doctrine or theory of Kant; the Kantian philosophy.
Kantist	A disciple or follower of Kant.
Kanttry	Same as Cantred.
Kaolin	Alt. of Kaoline
Kaoline	A very pure white clay, ordinarily in the form of an impalpable powder, and used to form the paste of porcelain; China clay; porcelain clay. It is chiefly derived from the decomposition of common feldspar.
Kaolinization	The process by which feldspar is changed into kaolin.
Kaolinize	To convert into kaolin.
Kapelle	A chapel; hence, the choir or orchestra of a prince's chapel; now, a musical establishment, usually orchestral.
Kapellmeister	See Capellmeister.
Kapia	The fossil resin of the kauri tree of New Zealand.
Kapnomar	) See Capnomor.
Karagane	A species of gray fox found in Russia.
Karaism	Doctrines of the Karaites.
Karaite	A sect of Jews who adhere closely to the letter of the Scriptures, rejecting the oral law, and allowing the Talmud no binding authority; -- opposed to the Rabbinists.
Karatas	A West Indian plant of the Pineapple family (Nidularium Karatas).
Karma	One's acts considered as fixing one's lot in the future existence. (Theos.) The doctrine of fate as the inflexible result of cause and effect; the theory of inevitable consequence.
Karmathian	One of a Mohammedan sect founded in the ninth century by Karmat.
Karn	A pile of rocks; sometimes, the solid rock. See Cairn.
Karob	The twenty-fourth part of a grain; -- a weight used by goldsmiths.
Karpholite	A fibrous mineral occurring in tufts of a straw-yellow color. It is a hydrous silicate of alumina and manganese.
Karroos	of Karreo
Karreo	One of the dry table-lands of South Africa, which often rise terracelike to considerable elevations.
Karstenite	Same as Anhydrite.
Karvel	See Carvel, and Caravel.
Karyokinesis	The indirect division of cells in which, prior to division of the cell protoplasm, complicated changes take place in the nucleus, attended with movement of the nuclear fibrils; -- opposed to karyostenosis. The nucleus becomes enlarged and convoluted, and finally the threads are separated into two groups which ultimately become disconnected and constitute the daughter nuclei. Called also mitosis. See Cell development, under Cell.
Karyokinetic	Of or pertaining to karyokinesis; as, karyokinetic changes of cell division.
Karyomiton	The reticular network of fine fibers, of which the nucleus of a cell is in part composed; -- in opposition to kytomiton, or the network in the body of the cell.
Karyoplasma	The protoplasmic substance of the nucleus of a cell: nucleoplasm; -- in opposition to kytoplasma, the protoplasm of the cell.
Karyostenosis	Direct cell division (in which there is first a simple division of the nucleus, without any changes in its structure, followed by division of the protoplasm of the karyostenotic mode of nuclear division.
Kasack	Same as Cossack.
Kat	An Arabian shrub Catha edulis) the leaves of which are used as tea by the Arabs.
Katabolic	Of or pertaining to katabolism; as, katabolic processes, which give rise to substances (katastates) of decreasing complexity and increasing stability.
Katabolism	Destructive or downward metabolism; regressive metamorphism; -- opposed to anabolism. See Disassimilation.
Katastate	(Physiol.) A substance formed by a katabolic process; -- opposed to anastate. See Katabolic.
Kate	The brambling finch.
Kathetal	Making a right angle; perpendicular, as two lines or two sides of a triangle, which include a right angle.
Kathetometer	Same as Cathetometer.
Kattinumdoo	A caoutchouc like substance obtained from the milky juice of the East Indian Euphorbia Kattimundoo. It is used as a cement.
Katydid	A large, green, arboreal, orthopterous insect (Cyrtophyllus concavus) of the family Locustidae, common in the United States. The males have stridulating organs at the bases of the front wings. During the summer and autumn, in the evening, the males make a peculiar, loud, shrill sound, resembling the combination Katy-did, whence the name.
Kauri	A lofty coniferous tree of New Zealand Agathis, / Dammara, australis), furnishing valuable timber and yielding one kind of dammar resin.
Kava	A species of Macropiper (M. methysticum), the long pepper, from the root of which an intoxicating beverage is made by the Polynesians, by a process of mastication; also, the beverage itself.
Kavasses	of Kavass
Kavass	An armed constable; also, a government servant or courier.
Kaw	See Caw.
Kawaka	a New Zealand tree, the Cypress cedar (Libocedrus Doniana), having a valuable, fine-grained, reddish wood.
Kawn	An inn.
Kayak	A light canoe, made of skins stretched over a frame, and usually capable of carrying but one person, who sits amidships and uses a double-bladed paddle. It is peculiar to the Eskimos and other Arctic tribes.
Kayaker	One who uses a kayak.
Kayko	The dog salmon.
Kayles	A game; ninepins.
Kaynard	A lazy or cowardly person; a rascal.
Kecked	of Keck
Kecking	of Keck
Keck	To heave or to retch, as in an effort to vomit.
Keck	An effort to vomit; queasiness.
Keckle	See Keck, v. i. & n.
Keckled	of Keckle
Keckling	of Keckle
Keckle	To wind old rope around, as a cable, to preserve its surface from being fretted, or to wind iron chains around, to defend from the friction of a rocky bottom, or from the ice.
Keckling	Old rope or iron chains wound around a cable. See Keckle, v. t.
Kecklish	Inclined to vomit; squeamish.
Kecksies	of Kecksy
Kecksy	The hollow stalk of an umbelliferous plant, such as the cow parsnip or the hemlock.
Kecky	Resembling a kecksy.
Kedged	of Kedge
Kedging	of Kedge
Kedge	To move (a vessel) by carrying out a kedge in a boat, dropping it overboard, and hauling the vessel up to it.
Kedge	A small anchor used whenever a large one can be dispensed witch. See Kedge, v. t., and Anchor, n.
Kedger	A small anchor; a kedge.
Kedlook	See Charlock.
Kee	See Kie, Ky, and Kine.
Keech	A mass or lump of fat rolled up by the butcher.
Keel	To cool; to skim or stir.
Keel	A brewer's cooling vat; a keelfat.
Keel	A longitudinal timber, or series of timbers scarfed together, extending from stem to stern along the bottom of a vessel. It is the principal timber of the vessel, and, by means of the ribs attached on each side, supports the vessel's frame. In an iron vessel, a combination of plates supplies the place of the keel of a wooden ship. See Illust. of Keelson.
Keel	Fig.: The whole ship.
Keel	A barge or lighter, used on the Type for carrying coal from Newcastle; also, a barge load of coal, twenty-one tons, four cwt.
Keel	The two lowest petals of the corolla of a papilionaceous flower, united and inclosing the stamens and pistil; a carina. See Carina.
Keel	A projecting ridge along the middle of a flat or curved surface.
Keeled	of Keel
Keeling	of Keel
Keel	To traverse with a keel; to navigate.
Keel	To turn up the keel; to show the bottom.
Keelage	The right of demanding a duty or toll for a ship entering a port; also, the duty or toll.
Keeled	Keel-shaped; having a longitudinal prominence on the back; as, a keeled leaf.
Keeled	Having a median ridge; carinate; as, a keeled scale.
Keeler	One employed in managing a Newcastle keel; -- called also keelman.
Keeler	A small or shallow tub; esp., one used for holding materials for calking ships, or one used for washing dishes, etc.
Keelfat	A cooler; a vat for cooling wort, etc.
Keelhauled	of Keelhaul
Keelhauling	of Keelhaul
Keelhaul	To haul under the keel of a ship, by ropes attached to the yardarms on each side. It was formerly practiced as a punishment in the Dutch and English navies.
Keeling	A cod.
Keelivine	A pencil of black or red lead; -- called also keelyvine pen.
men	of Keelman
Keelman	See Keeler, 1.
Keelrake	Same as Keelhaul.
Keels	Ninepins. See Kayles.
Keelson	A piece of timber in a ship laid on the middle of the floor timbers over the keel, and binding the floor timbers to the keel; in iron vessels, a structure of plates, situated like the keelson of a timber ship.
Keelvat	See Keelfat.
Keen	Sharp; having a fine edge or point; as, a keen razor, or a razor with a keen edge.
Keen	Acute of mind; sharp; penetrating; having or expressing mental acuteness; as, a man of keen understanding; a keen look; keen features.
Keen	Bitter; piercing; acrimonious; cutting; stinging; severe; as, keen satire or sarcasm.
Keen	Piercing; penetrating; cutting; sharp; -- applied to cold, wind, etc, ; as, a keen wind; the cold is very keen.
Keen	Eager; vehement; fierce; as, a keen appetite.
Keen	To sharpen; to make cold.
Keen	A prolonged wail for a deceased person.  Cf. Coranach.
Keen	To wail as a keener does.
Keener	A professional mourner who wails at a funeral.
Keenly	In a keen manner.
Keenness	The quality or state of being keen.
Kept	of Keep
Keeping	of Keep
Keep	To care; to desire.
Keep	To hold; to restrain from departure or removal; not to let go of; to retain in one's power or possession; not to lose; to retain; to detain.
Keep	To cause to remain in a given situation or condition; to maintain unchanged; to hold or preserve in any state or tenor.
Keep	To have in custody; to have in some place for preservation; to take charge of.
Keep	To preserve from danger, harm, or loss; to guard.
Keep	To preserve from discovery or publicity; not to communicate, reveal, or betray, as a secret.
Keep	To attend upon; to have the care of; to tend.
Keep	To record transactions, accounts, or events in; as, to keep books, a journal, etc.  ; also, to enter (as accounts, records, etc. ) in a book.
Keep	To maintain, as an establishment, institution, or the like; to conduct; to manage; as, to keep store.
Keep	To supply with necessaries of life; to entertain; as, to keep boarders.
Keep	To have in one's service; to have and maintain, as an assistant, a servant, a mistress, a horse, etc.
Keep	To have habitually in stock for sale.
Keep	To continue in, as a course or mode of action; not to intermit or fall from; to hold to; to maintain; as, to keep silence; to keep one's word; to keep possession.
Keep	To observe; to adhere to; to fulfill; not to swerve from or violate; to practice or perform, as duty; not to neglect; to be faithful to.
Keep	To confine one's self to; not to quit; to remain in; as, to keep one's house, room, bed, etc.  ; hence, to haunt; to frequent.
Keep	To observe duty, as a festival, etc. ; to celebrate; to solemnize; as, to keep a feast.
Keep	To remain in any position or state; to continue; to abide; to stay; as, to keep at a distance; to keep aloft; to keep near; to keep in the house; to keep before or behind; to keep in favor; to keep out of company, or out reach.
Keep	To last; to endure; to remain unimpaired.
Keep	To reside for a time; to lodge; to dwell.
Keep	To take care; to be solicitous; to watch.
Keep	To be in session; as, school keeps to-day.
Keep	The act or office of keeping; custody; guard; care; heed; charge.
Keep	The state of being kept; hence, the resulting condition; case; as, to be in good keep.
Keep	The means or provisions by which one is kept; maintenance; support; as, the keep of a horse.
Keep	That which keeps or protects; a stronghold; a fortress; a castle; specifically, the strongest and securest part of a castle, often used as a place of residence by the lord of the castle, especially during a siege; the donjon. See Illust. of Castle.
Keep	That which is kept in charge; a charge.
Keep	A cap for retaining anything, as a journal box, in place.
Keeper	One who, or that which, keeps; one who, or that which, holds or has possession of anything.
Keeper	One who retains in custody; one who has the care of a prison and the charge of prisoners.
Keeper	One who has the care, custody, or superintendence of anything; as, the keeper of a park, a pound, of sheep, of a gate, etc.  ; the keeper of attached property; hence, one who saves from harm; a defender; a preserver.
Keeper	One who remains or keeps in a place or position.
Keeper	A ring, strap, clamp, or any device for holding an object in place; as: (a) The box on a door jamb into which the bolt of a lock protrudes, when shot. (b) A ring serving to keep another ring on the finger. (c) A loop near the buckle of a strap to receive the end of the strap.
Keeper	A fruit that keeps well; as, the Roxbury Russet is a good keeper.
Keepership	The office or position of a keeper.
Keeping	A holding; restraint; custody; guard; charge; care; preservation.
Keeping	Maintenance; support; provision; feed; as, the cattle have good keeping.
Keeping	Conformity; congruity; harmony; consistency; as, these subjects are in keeping with each other.
Keeping	Harmony or correspondence between the different parts of a work of art; as, the foreground of this painting is not in keeping.
Keepsake	Anything kept, or given to be kept, for the sake of the giver; a token of friendship.
Keesh	See Kish.
Keeve	A vat or tub in which the mash is made; a mash tub.
Keeve	A bleaching vat; a kier.
Keeve	A large vat used in dressing ores.
Keeved	of Keeve
Keeving	of Keeve
Keeve	To set in a keeve, or tub, for fermentation.
Keeve	To heave; to tilt, as a cart.
Keever	See Keeve, n.
Keffe-kil	See Kiefekil.
Keg	A small cask or barrel.
Keilhau-ite	A mineral of a brownish black color, related to titanite in form. It consists chiefly of silica, titanium dioxide, lime, and yttria.
Keir	See Kier.
Keitloa	A black, two-horned, African rhinoceros (Atelodus keitloa). It has the posterior horn about as long as the anterior one, or even longer.
Keld	Having a kell or covering; webbed.
Kele	To cool.
Kell	A kiln.
Kell	A sort of pottage; kale. See Kale, 2.
Kell	The caul; that which covers or envelops as a caul; a net; a fold; a film.
Kell	The cocoon or chrysalis of an insect.
Keloid	Applied to a variety of tumor forming hard, flat, irregular excrescences upon the skin.
Keloid	A keloid tumor.
Kelotomy	See Celotomy.
Kelp	The calcined ashes of seaweed, -- formerly much used in the manufacture of glass, now used in the manufacture of iodine.
Kelp	Any large blackish seaweed.
Kelpfish	A small California food fish (Heterostichus rostratus), living among kelp. The name is also applied to species of the genus Platyglossus.
Kelpies	of Kelpy
Kelpie	Alt. of Kelpy
Kelpy	An imaginary spirit of the waters, horselike in form, vulgarly believed to warn, by preternatural noises and lights, those who are to be drowned.
Kelpware	Same as Kelp, 2.
Kelson	See Keelson.
Kelt	See Kilt, n.
Kelt	Cloth with the nap, generally of native black wool.
Kelt	A salmon after spawning.
Kelt	Same as Celt, one of Celtic race.
Kelter	Regular order or proper condition.
Keltic	Same as Celtic, a. & n.
Kembed	of Kemb
Kempt	of Kemb
Kembing	of Kemb
Kemb	To comb.
Kemelin	A tub; a brewer's vessel.
Kemp	Alt. of Kempty
Kempty	Coarse, rough hair wool or fur, injuring its quality.
Kempe	Rough; shaggy.
Kemps	The long flower stems of the ribwort plantain (Plantago Lanceolata).
Kempt	p. p. of Kemb.
Ken	A house; esp., one which is a resort for thieves.
Kenned	of Ken
Kenning	of Ken
Ken	To know; to understand; to take cognizance of.
Ken	To recognize; to descry; to discern.
Ken	To look around.
Ken	Cognizance; view; especially, reach of sight or knowledge.
Kendal green	Alt. of Kendal
Kendal	A cloth colored green by dye obtained from the woad-waxen, formerly used by Flemish weavers at Kendal, in Westmoreland, England.
Kennel	The water course of a street; a little canal or channel; a gutter; also, a puddle.
Kennel	A house for a dog or for dogs, or for a pack of hounds.
Kennel	A pack of hounds, or a collection of dogs.
Kennel	The hole of a fox or other beast; a haunt.
Kenneled	of Kennel
Kennelled	of Kennel
Kennelling	of Kennel
Kennel	To lie or lodge; to dwell, as a dog or a fox.
Kennel	To put or keep in a kennel.
Kennel coal	See Cannel coal.
Kenning	Range of sight.
Kenning	The limit of vision at sea, being a distance of about twenty miles.
Keno	A gambling game, a variety of the game of lotto, played with balls or knobs, numbered, and cards also numbered.
Kenogenesis	Modified evolution, in which nonprimitive characters make their appearance in consequence of a secondary adaptation of the embryo to the peculiar conditions of its environment; -- distinguished from palingenesis.
Kenogenetic	Of or pertaining to kenogenesis; as, kenogenetic processes.
Kenspeckle	Having so marked an appearance as easily to be recognized.
Kent bugle	A curved bugle, having six finger keys or stops, by means of which the performer can play upon every key in the musical scale; -- called also keyed bugle, and key bugle.
Kentle	A hundred weight; a quintal.
Kentledge	Pigs of iron used for ballast.
Kentucky	One of the United States.
Kephalin	One of a group of nitrogenous phosphorized principles, supposed by Thudichum to exist in brain tissue.
Kept	of Keep.
Keramic	Same as Ceramic.
Keramics	Same as Ceramics.
Keramographic	Suitable to be written upon; capable of being written upon, as a slate; -- said especially of a certain kind of globe.
Kerana	A kind of long trumpet, used among the Persians.
Kerargyrite	See Cerargyrite.
Kerasin	A nitrogenous substance free from phosphorus, supposed to be present in the brain; a body closely related to cerebrin.
Kerasine	Resembling horn; horny; corneous.
Keratin	A nitrogenous substance, or mixture of substances, containing sulphur in a loose state of combination, and forming the chemical basis of epidermal tissues, such as horn, hair, feathers, and the like. It is an insoluble substance, and, unlike elastin, is not dissolved even by gastric or pancreatic juice. By decomposition with sulphuric acid it yields leucin and tyrosin, as does albumin. Called also epidermose.
Keratitis	Inflammation of the cornea.
Keratode	See Keratose.
Keratogenous	Producing horn; as, the keratogenous membrane within the horny hoof of the horse.
Keratoidea	Same as Keratosa.
Keratome	An instrument for dividing the cornea in operations for cataract.
Keratonyxis	The operation of removing a cataract by thrusting a needle through the cornea of the eye, and breaking up the opaque mass.
Keratophyte	A gorgonian coral having a horny axis.
Keratosa	An order of sponges having a skeleton composed of hornlike fibers. It includes the commercial sponges.
Keratose	A tough, horny animal substance entering into the composition of the skeleton of sponges, and other invertebrates; -- called also keratode.
Keratose	Containing hornlike fibers or fibers of keratose; belonging to the Keratosa.
Keraunograph	A figure or picture impressed by lightning upon the human body or elsewhere.
Kerb	See Curb.
Kerbstone	See Curbstone.
Kercher	A kerchief.
Kerchered	Covered, or bound round, with a kercher.
Kerchiefs	of Kerchief
Kerchief	A square of fine linen worn by women as a covering for the head; hence, anything similar in form or material, worn for ornament on other parts of the person; -- mostly used in compounds; as, neckerchief; breastkerchief; and later, handkerchief.
Kerchief	A lady who wears a kerchief.
Kerchiefed	Alt. of Kerchieft
Kerchieft	Dressed; hooded; covered; wearing a kerchief.
Kerf	A notch, channel, or slit made in any material by cutting or sawing.
Kerite	A compound in which tar or asphaltum combined with animal or vegetable oils is vulcanized by sulphur, the product closely resembling rubber; -- used principally as an insulating material in telegraphy.
Kerl	See Carl.
Kermes	The dried bodies of the females of a scale insect (Coccus ilicis), allied to the cochineal insect, and found on several species of oak near the Mediterranean. They are round, about the size of a pea, contain coloring matter analogous to carmine, and are used in dyeing. They were anciently thought to be of a vegetable nature, and were used in medicine.
Kermes	A small European evergreen oak (Quercus coccifera) on which the kermes insect (Coccus ilicis) feeds.
Kermesse	See Kirmess.
Kern	A light-armed foot soldier of the ancient militia of Ireland and Scotland; -- distinguished from gallowglass, and often used as a term of contempt.
Kern	Any kind of boor or low-lived person.
Kern	An idler; a vagabond.
Kern	A part of the face of a type which projects beyond the body, or shank.
Kerned	of Kern
Kerning	of Kern
Kern	To form with a kern. See 2d Kern.
Kern	A churn.
Kern	A hand mill. See Quern.
Kern	To harden, as corn in ripening.
Kern	To take the form of kernels; to granulate.
Kerned	Having part of the face projecting beyond the body or shank; -- said of type.
Kernel	The essential part of a seed; all that is within the seed walls; the edible substance contained in the shell of a nut; hence, anything included in a shell, husk, or integument; as, the kernel of a nut. See Illust. of Endocarp.
Kernel	A single seed or grain; as, a kernel of corn.
Kernel	A small mass around which other matter is concreted; a nucleus; a concretion or hard lump in the flesh.
Kernel	The central, substantial or essential part of anything; the gist; the core; as, the kernel of an argument.
Kerneled	of Kernel
Kernelled	of Kernel
Kerneling	of Kernel
Kernelling	of Kernel
Kernel	To harden or ripen into kernels; to produce kernels.
Kerneled	Alt. of Kernelled
Kernelled	Having a kernel.
Kernelly	Full of kernels; resembling kernels; of the nature of kernels.
Kerish	Clownish; boorish.
Kerolite	Same as Cerolite.
Kerosene	An oil used for illuminating purposes, formerly obtained from the distillation of mineral wax, bituminous shale, etc., and hence called also coal oil. It is now produced in immense quantities, chiefly by the distillation and purification of petroleum. It consists chiefly of several hydrocarbons of the methane series.
Kers	Alt. of Kerse
Kerse	A cress.
Kerseys	of Kersey
Kersey	A kind of coarse, woolen cloth, usually ribbed, woven from wool of long staple.
Kerseymere	See Cassimere.
Kerseynette	See Cassinette.
Kerve	To carve.
Kerver	A carver.
Kesar	See Kaiser.
Keslop	The stomach of a calf, prepared for rennet.
Kess	To kiss.
Kest	of Cast.
Kestrel	A small, slender European hawk (Falco alaudarius), allied to the sparrow hawk. Its color is reddish fawn, streaked and spotted with white and black. Also called windhover and stannel. The name is also applied to other allied species.
Ket	Carrion; any filth.
Ketch	An almost obsolete form of vessel, with a mainmast and a mizzenmast, -- usually from one hundred to two hundred and fifty tons burden.
Ketch	A hangman. See Jack Ketch.
Ketch	To catch.
Ketchup	A sauce. See Catchup.
Ketine	One of a series of organic bases obtained by the reduction of certain isonitroso compounds of the ketones. In general they are unstable oily substances having a pungent aromatic odor.
Ketmie	The name of certain African species of Hibiscus, cultivated for the acid of their mucilage.
Ketol	One of a series of series of complex nitrogenous substances, represented by methyl ketol and related to indol.
Ketone	One of a large class of organic substances resembling the aldehydes, obtained by the distillation of certain salts of organic acids and consisting of carbonyl (CO) united with two hydrocarbon radicals. In general the ketones are colorless volatile liquids having a pungent ethereal odor.
Ketonic	Pertaining to, or derived from, a ketone; as, a ketonic acid.
Kettle	A metallic vessel, with a wide mouth, often without a cover, used for heating and boiling water or other liguids.
Kettledrum	A drum made of thin copper in the form of a hemispherical kettle, with parchment stretched over the mouth of it.
Kettledrum	An informal social party at which a light collation is offered, held in the afternoon or early evening.  Cf. Drum, n., 4 and 5.
Kettledrummer	One who plays on a kettledrum.
Keuper	The upper division of the European Triassic. See Chart of Geology.
Kevel	A strong cleat to which large ropes are belayed.
Kevel	A stone mason's hammer.
Kevel	Alt. of Kevin
Kevin	The gazelle.
Kever	i. To cover.
Keverchief	A kerchief.
Kex	A weed; a kecksy.
Kex	A dry husk or covering.
Key	An instrument by means of which the bolt of a lock is shot or drawn; usually, a removable metal instrument fitted to the mechanism of a particular lock and operated by turning in its place.
Key	An instrument which is turned like a key in fastening or adjusting any mechanism; as, a watch key; a bed key, etc.
Key	That part of an instrument or machine which serves as the means of operating it; as, a telegraph key; the keys of a pianoforte, or of a typewriter.
Key	A position or condition which affords entrance, control, pr possession, etc.; as, the key of a line of defense; the key of a country; the key of a political situation. Hence, that which serves to unlock, open, discover, or solve something unknown or difficult; as, the key to a riddle; the key to a problem.
Key	That part of a mechanism which serves to lock up, make fast, or adjust to position.
Key	A piece of wood used as a wedge.
Key	The last board of a floor when laid down.
Key	A keystone.
Key	That part of the plastering which is forced through between the laths and holds the rest in place.
Key	A wedge to unite two or more pieces, or adjust their relative position; a cotter; a forelock.
Key	A bar, pin or wedge, to secure a crank, pulley, coupling, etc., upon a shaft, and prevent relative turning; sometimes holding by friction alone, but more frequently by its resistance to shearing, being usually embedded partly in the shaft and partly in the crank, pulley, etc.
Key	An indehiscent, one-seeded fruit furnished with a wing, as the fruit of the ash and maple; a samara; -- called also key fruit.
Key	A family of tones whose regular members are called diatonic tones, and named key tone  (or tonic) or one (or eight), mediant or three, dominant or five, subdominant or four, submediant or six, supertonic or two, and subtonic or seven. Chromatic tones are temporary members of a key, under such names as " sharp four," "flat seven," etc. Scales and tunes of every variety are made from the tones of a key.
Key	The fundamental tone of a movement to which its modulations are referred, and with which it generally begins and ends; keynote.
Key	Fig: The general pitch or tone of a sentence or utterance.
Keved	of Key
Keying	of Key
Key	To fasten or secure firmly; to fasten or tighten with keys or wedges.
Keyage	Wharfage; quayage.
Keyboard	The whole arrangement, or one range, of the keys of an organ, typewriter, etc.
Key-cold	Cold as a metallic key; lifeless.
Keyed	Furnished with keys; as, a keyed instrument; also, set to a key, as a tune.
Keyhole	A hole or apertupe in a door or lock, for receiving a key.
Keyhole	A hole or excavation in beams intended to be joined together, to receive the key which fastens them.
Keyhole	a mortise for a key or cotter.
Keynote	The tonic or first tone of the scale in which a piece or passage is written; the fundamental tone of the chord, to which all the modulations of the piece are referred; -- called also key tone.
Keynote	The fundamental fact or idea; that which gives the key; as, the keynote of a policy or a sermon.
Keyseat	To form a key seat, as by cutting. See Key seat, under Key.
Keystone	The central or topmost stone of an arch. This in some styles is made different in size from the other voussoirs, or projects, or is decorated with carving. See Illust. of Arch.
Key tone	See Keynote.
Keyway	See Key way, under Key.
Khaliff	See Caliph.
Khamsin	Same as Kamsin.
Khan	A king; a prince; a chief; a governor; -- so called among the Tartars, Turks, and Persians, and in countries now or formerly governed by them.
Khan	An Eastern inn or caravansary.
Khanate	Dominion or jurisdiction of a khan.
Khaya	A lofty West African tree (Khaya Senegalensis), related to the mahogany, which it resembles in the quality of the wood. The bark is used as a febrifuge.
Khedive	A governor or viceroy; -- a title granted in 1867 by the sultan of Turkey to the ruler of Egypt.
Khenna	See Henna.
Kholah	The Indian jackal.
Kholsun	The dhole.
Khutbah	An address or public prayer read from the steps of the pulpit in Mohammedan mosques, offering glory to God, praising Mohammed and his descendants, and the ruling princes.
Kiabooca wood	See Kyaboca wood.
Kiang	The dziggetai.
Kibble	To bruise; to grind coarsely; as, kibbled oats.
Kibble	A large iron bucket used in Cornwall and Wales for raising ore out of mines.
Kibblings	Portions of small fish used for bait on the banks of Newfoundland.
Kibe	A chap or crack in the flesh occasioned by cold; an ulcerated chilblain.
Kibed	Chapped; cracked with cold; affected with chilblains; as kibed heels.
Kibitkas	of Kibitka
Kibitka	A tent used by the Kirghiz Tartars.
Kibitka	A rude kind of Russian vehicle, on wheels or on runners, sometimes covered with cloth or leather, and often used as a movable habitation.
Kiblah	See Keblah.
Kiby	Affected with kibes.
Kichil	See Kechil.
Kicred	of Kick
Kicking	of Kick
Kick	To strike, thrust, or hit violently with the foot; as, a horse kicks a groom; a man kicks a dog.
Kick	To thrust out the foot or feet with violence; to strike out with the foot or feet, as in defense or in bad temper; esp., to strike backward, as a horse does, or to have a habit of doing so. Hence, figuratively: To show ugly resistance, opposition, or hostility; to spurn.
Kick	To recoil; -- said of a musket, cannon, etc.
Kick	A blow with the foot or feet; a striking or thrust with the foot.
Kick	The projection on the tang of the blade of a pocket knife, which prevents the edge of the blade from striking the spring. See Illust. of Pocketknife.
Kick	A projection in a mold, to form a depression in the surface of the brick.
Kick	The recoil of a musket or other firearm, when discharged.
Kickable	Capable or deserving of being kicked.
Kickapoos	A tribe of Indians which formerly occupied the region of Northern Illinois, allied in language to the Sacs and Foxes.
Kicker	One who, or that which, kicks.
Kickshaw	See Kickshaws, the correct singular.
Kickshawses	of Kickshaws
Kickshaws	Something fantastical; any trifling, trumpery thing; a toy.
Kickshaws	A fancy dish; a titbit; a delicacy.
Kickshoe	A kickshaws.
Kicksy-wicksy	Alt. of Kicky-wisky
Kicky-wisky	That which is restless and uneasy.
Kicksy-wicksy	Fantastic; restless; as, kicksy-wicksy flames.
Kickup	The water thrush or accentor.
Kid	A young goat.
Kid	A young child or infant; hence, a simple person, easily imposed on.
Kid	A kind of leather made of the skin of the young goat, or of the skin of rats, etc.
Kid	Gloves made of kid.
Kid	A small wooden mess tub; -- a name given by sailors to one in which they receive their food.
Kidded	of Kid
Kidding	of Kid
Kid	To bring forth a young goat.
Kid	A fagot; a bundle of heath and furze.
Kid	of Kythe.
Kid	See Kiddy, v. t.
Kidde	of Kythe.
Kidderminster	A kind of ingrain carpeting, named from the English town where formerly most of it was manufactured.
Kiddier	A huckster; a cadger.
Kiddle	A kind of basketwork wear in a river, for catching fish.
Kiddow	The guillemot.
Kiddy	To deceive; to outwit; to hoax.
Kiddy	A young fellow; formerly, a low thief.
Kiddyish	Frolicsome; sportive.
Kidfox	A young fox.
Kidling	A young kid.
Kidnaped	of Kidnap
Kidnapped	of Kidnap
Kidnaping	of Kidnap
Kidnapping	of Kidnap
Kidnap	To take (any one) by force or fear, and against one's will, with intent to carry to another place.
Kidnaper	Alt. of Kidnapper
Kidnapper	One who steals or forcibly carries away a human being; a manstealer.
Kidneys	of Kidney
Kidney	A glandular organ which excretes urea and other waste products from the animal body; a urinary gland.
Kidney	Habit; disposition; sort; kind.
Kidney	A waiter.
Kidney-form	Alt. of Kidney-shaped
Kidney-shaped	Having the form or shape of a kidney; reniform; as, a kidney-shaped leaf.
Kidneywort	A kind of saxifrage (Saxifrage stellaris).
Kidneywort	The navelwort.
Kie	Kine; cows.
Kiefekil	A species of clay; meerschaum.
Kier	A large tub or vat in which goods are subjected to the action of hot lye or bleaching liquor; -- also called keeve.
Kieselguhr	Siliceous earth; specifically, porous infusorial earth, used as an absorbent of nitroglycerin in the manufacture of dynamite.
Kieserite	Hydrous sulphate of magnesia found at the salt mines of Stassfurt, Prussian Saxony.
Kieve	See Keeve, n.
Kike	To gaze; to stare.
Kike	To kick.
Kilderkin	A small barrel; an old liquid measure containing eighteen English beer gallons, or nearly twenty-two gallons, United States measure.
Kill	A kiln.
Kill	A channel or arm of the sea; a river; a stream; as, the channel between Staten Island and Bergen Neck is the Kill van Kull, or the Kills; -- used also in composition; as, Schuylkill, Catskill, etc.
Killed	of Kill
Killing	of Kill
Kill	To deprive of life, animal or vegetable, in any manner or by any means; to render inanimate; to put to death; to slay.
Kill	To destroy; to ruin; as, to kill one's chances; to kill the sale of a book.
Kill	To cause to cease; to quell; to calm; to still; as, in seamen's language, a shower of rain kills the wind.
Kill	To destroy the effect of; to counteract; to neutralize; as, alkali kills acid.
Killdee	Alt. of Killdeer
Killdeer	A small American plover (Aegialitis vocifera).
Killer	One who deprives of life; one who, or that which, kills.
Killer	A voracious, toothed whale of the genus Orca, of which several species are known.
Killesse	A gutter, groove, or channel.
Killesse	A hipped roof.
Killifish	Any one of several small American cyprinodont fishes of the genus Fundulus and allied genera. They live equally well in fresh and brackish water, or even in the sea. They are usually striped or barred with black. Called also minnow, and brook fish. See Minnow.
Killigrew	The Cornish chough. See under Chough.
Killikinick	See Kinnikinic.
Killing	Literally, that kills; having power to kill; fatal; in a colloquial sense, conquering; captivating; irresistible.
Kill-joy	One who causes gloom or grief; a dispiriting person.
Killock	A small anchor; also, a kind of anchor formed by a stone inclosed by pieces of wood fastened together.
Killow	An earth of a blackish or deep blue color.
Kiln	A large stove or oven; a furnace of brick or stone, or a heated chamber, for the purpose of hardening, burning, or drying anything; as, a kiln for baking or hardening earthen vessels; a kiln for drying grain, meal, lumber, etc.; a kiln for calcining limestone.
Kiln	A furnace for burning bricks; a brickkiln.
Kiln-dry	To dry in a kiln; as, to kiln-dry meal or grain.
Kilnhole	The mouth or opening of an oven or kiln.
Kilos	of Kilo
Kilo	An abbreviation of Kilogram.
Kilogram	Alt. of Kilogramme
Kilogramme	A measure of weight, being a thousand grams, equal to 2.2046 pounds avoirdupois (15,432.34 grains). It is equal to the weight of a cubic decimeter of distilled water at the temperature of maximum density, or 39¡ Fahrenheit.
Kilogrammeter	Alt. of Kilogrammetre
Kilogrammetre	A measure of energy or work done, being the amount expended in raising one kilogram through the height of one meter, in the latitude of Paris.
Kiloliter	Alt. of Kilolitre
Kilolitre	A measure of capacity equal to a cubic meter, or a thousand liters. It is equivalent to 35.315 cubic feet, and to 220.04 imperial gallons, or 264.18 American gallons of 321 cubic inches.
Kilometer	Alt. of Kilometre
Kilometre	A measure of length, being a thousand meters. It is equal to 3,280.8 feet, or 62137 of a mile.
Kilostere	A cubic measure containing 1000 cubic meters, and equivalent to 35,315 cubic feet.
Kilowatt	One thousand watts.
Kilt	p. p. from Kill.
Kilt	A kind of short petticoat, reaching from the waist to the knees, worn in the Highlands of Scotland by men, and in the Lowlands by young boys; a filibeg.
Kilted	of Kilt
Kilting	of Kilt
Kilt	To tuck up; to truss up, as the clothes.
Kilted	Having on a kilt.
Kilted	Plaited after the manner of kilting.
Kilted	Tucked or fastened up; -- said of petticoats, etc.
Kilter	See Kelter.
Kilting	A perpendicular arrangement of flat, single plaits, each plait being folded so as to cover half the breadth of the preceding one.
Kimbo	Crooked; arched; bent.
Kimmerian	See Cimmerian.
Kimnel	A tub. See Kemelin.
Kimry	See Cymry.
kin	A diminutive suffix; as, manikin; lambkin.
Kin	A primitive Chinese instrument of the cittern kind, with from five to twenty-five silken strings.
Kin	Relationship, consanguinity, or affinity; connection by birth or marriage; kindred; near connection or alliance, as of those having common descent.
Kin	Relatives; persons of the same family or race.
Kin	Of the same nature or kind; kinder.
Kinaesodic	Kinesodic.
Kinaesthesis	The perception attendant upon the movements of the muscles.
Kinate	See Quinate.
Kincob	India silk brocaded with flowers in silver or gold.
Kincob	Of the nature of kincob; brocaded.
Kind	Characteristic of the species; belonging to one's nature; natural; native.
Kind	Having feelings befitting our common nature; congenial; sympathetic; as, a kind man; a kind heart.
Kind	Showing tenderness or goodness; disposed to do good and confer happiness; averse to hurting or paining; benevolent; benignant; gracious.
Kind	Proceeding from, or characterized by, goodness, gentleness, or benevolence; as, a kind act.
Kind	Gentle; tractable; easily governed; as, a horse kind in harness.
Kind	Nature; natural instinct or disposition.
Kind	Race; genus; species; generic class; as, in mankind or humankind.
Kind	Nature; style; character; sort; fashion; manner; variety; description; class; as, there are several kinds of eloquence, of style, and of music; many kinds of government; various kinds of soil, etc.
Kind	To beget.
Kindergarten	A school for young children, conducted on the theory that education should be begun by gratifying and cultivating the normal aptitude for exercise, play, observation, imitation, and construction; -- a name given by Friedrich Froebel, a German educator, who introduced this method of training, in rooms opening on a garden.
Kindergartner	One who teaches in a kindergarten.
Kind-hearted	Having kindness of nature; sympathetic; characterized by a humane disposition; as, a kind-hearted landlord.
Kind-heartedness	The state or quality of being kind-hearted; benevolence.
Kindle	To bring forth young.
Kindled	of Kindle
Kindling	of Kindle
Kindle	To set on fire; to cause to burn with flame; to ignite; to cause to begin burning; to start; to light; as, to kindle a match, or shavings.
Kindle	Fig.: To inflame, as the passions; to rouse; to provoke; to excite to action; to heat; to fire; to animate; to incite; as, to kindle anger or wrath; to kindle the flame of love, or love into a flame.
Kindle	To take fire; to begin to burn with flame; to start as a flame.
Kindle	Fig.: To begin to be excited; to grow warm or animated; to be roused or exasperated.
Kindler	One who, or that which, kindles, stirs up, or sets on fire.
Kindless	Destitute of kindness; unnatural.
Kindliness	Natural inclination; natural course.
Kindliness	The quality or state of being kindly; benignity; benevolence; gentleness; tenderness; as, kindliness of disposition, of treatment, or of words.
Kindliness	Softness; mildness; propitiousness; as, kindliness of weather, or of a season.
Kinding	The of causing to burn, or of exciting or inflaming the passions.
Kinding	Materials, easily lighted, for starting a fire.
Kindly	According to the kind or nature; natural.
Kindly	Humane; congenial; sympathetic; hence, disposed to do good to; benevolent; gracious; kind; helpful; as, kindly affections, words, acts, etc.
Kindly	Favorable; mild; gentle; auspicious; beneficent.
Kindly	Naturally; fitly.
Kindly	In a kind manner; congenially; with good will; with a disposition to make others happy, or to oblige.
Kindness	The state or quality of being kind, in any of its various senses; manifestation of kind feeling or disposition beneficence.
Kindness	A kind act; an act of good will; as, to do a great kindness.
Kindred	Relationship by birth or marriage; consanguinity; affinity; kin.
Kindred	Relatives by blood or marriage, more properly the former; relations; persons related to each other.
Kindred	Related; congenial; of the like nature or properties; as, kindred souls; kindred skies; kindred propositions.
Kine	Cows.
Kinematic	Alt. of Kinematical
Kinematical	Of or pertaining to kinematics.
Kinematics	The science which treats of motions considered in themselves, or apart from their causes; the comparison and relation of motions.
Kinepox	See Cowpox.
Kinepox	See Kinetoscope.
Kinesiatrics	A mode of treating disease by appropriate muscular movements; -- also termed kinesitherapy, kinesipathy, lingism, and the movement cure.
Kinesipathy	See Kinesiatrics.
Kinesitherapy	See Kinesiatrics.
Kinesipathy	See Kinesiatrics.
Kinesodic	Conveying motion; as; kinesodic substance; -- applied esp. to the spinal cord, because it is capable of conveying doth voluntary and reflex motor impulses, without itself being affected by motor impulses applied to it directly.
Kinetic	Moving or causing motion; motory; active, as opposed to latent.
Kinetics	See Dynamics.
Kinetogenesis	An instrument for producing curves by the combination of circular movements; -- called also kinescope.
King	A Chinese musical instrument, consisting of resonant stones or metal plates, arranged according to their tones in a frame of wood, and struck with a hammer.
King	A chief ruler; a sovereign; one invested with supreme authority over a nation, country, or tribe, usually by hereditary succession; a monarch; a prince.
King	One who, or that which, holds a supreme position or rank; a chief among competitors; as, a railroad king; a money king; the king of the lobby; the king of beasts.
King	A playing card having the picture of a king; as, the king of diamonds.
King	The chief piece in the game of chess.
King	A crowned man in the game of draughts.
King	The title of two historical books in the Old Testament.
Kinged	of King
Kinging	of King
King	To supply with a king; to make a king of; to raise to royalty.
Kingbird	A small American bird (Tyrannus tyrannus, or T. Carolinensis), noted for its courage in attacking larger birds, even hawks and eagles, especially when they approach its nest in the breeding season. It is a typical tyrant flycatcher, taking various insects upon the wing. It is dark ash above, and blackish on the head and tail. The quills and wing coverts are whitish at the edges. It is white beneath, with a white terminal band on the tail. The feathers on the head of the adults show a bright orange basal spot when erected. Called also bee bird, and bee martin. Several Southern and Western species of Tyrannus are also called king birds.
Kingbird	The king tody. See under King.
Kingbolt	A vertical iron bolt, by which the forward axle and wheels of a vehicle or the trucks of a railroad car are connected with the other parts.
King Charles spaniel	A variety of small pet dogs, having, drooping ears, a high, dome-shaped forehead, pug nose, large, prominent eyes, and long, wavy hair. The color is usually black and tan.
Kingcraft	The craft of kings; the art of governing as a sovereign; royal policy.
Kingcup	The common buttercup.
Kingdom	The rank, quality, state, or attributes of a king; royal authority; sovereign power; rule; dominion; monarchy.
Kingdom	The territory or country subject to a king or queen; the dominion of a monarch; the sphere in which one is king or has control.
Kingdom	An extensive scientific division distinguished by leading or ruling characteristics; a principal division; a department; as, the mineral kingdom.
Kingdomed	Having a kingdom or the dignity of a king; like a kingdom.
Kingfish	An American marine food fish of the genus Menticirrus, especially M. saxatilis, or M. nebulosos, of the Atlantic coast; -- called also whiting, surf whiting, and barb.
Kingfish	The opah.
Kingfish	The common cero; also, the spotted cero. See Cero.
Kingfish	The queenfish.
Kingfisher	Any one of numerous species of birds constituting the family Alcedinidae. Most of them feed upon fishes which they capture by diving and seizing then with the beak; others feed only upon reptiles, insects, etc. About one hundred and fifty species are known. They are found in nearly all parts of the world, but are particularly abundant in the East Indies.
Kinghood	The state of being a king; the attributes of a king; kingship.
Kingless	Having no king.
Kinglet	A little king; a weak or insignificant king.
Kinglet	Any one of several species of small singing birds of the genus Regulus and family Sylviidae.
Kinglihood	King-liness.
Kingliness	The state or quality of being kingly.
Kingling	Same as Kinglet, 1.
Kingly	Belonging to, suitable to, or becoming, a king; characteristic of, resembling, a king; directed or administered by a king; monarchical; royal; sovereign; regal; august; noble; grand.
Kingly	In a kingly or kinglike manner.
King-post	A member of a common form of truss, as a roof truss. It is strictly a tie, intended to prevent the sagging of the tiebeam in the middle. If there are struts, supporting the main rafters, they often bear upon the foot of the king-post. Called also crown-post.
King's Bench	Formerly, the highest court of common law in England; -- so called because the king used to sit there in person. It consisted of a chief justice and four puisne, or junior, justices. During the reign of a queen it was called the Queen's Bench. Its jurisdiction was transferred by the judicature acts of 1873 and 1875 to the high court of justice created by that legislation.
Kingship	The state, office, or dignity of a king; royalty.
Kingston	Alt. of Kingstone
Kingstone	The black angel fish. See Angel fish, under Angel.
Kingston metal	An alloy of tin, copper, and mercury, sometimes used for the bearings and packings of machinery.
Kingston valve	A conical valve, opening outward, to close the mouth of a pipe which passes through the side of a vessel below the water line.
Kingtruss	A truss, framed with a king-post; -- used in roofs, bridges, etc.
Kinic	See Quinic.
Kink	A twist or loop in a rope or thread, caused by a spontaneous doubling or winding upon itself; a close loop or curl; a doubling in a cord.
Kink	An unreasonable notion; a crotchet; a whim; a caprice.
Kinked	of Kink
Kinking	of Kink
Kink	To wind into a kink; to knot or twist spontaneously upon itself, as a rope or thread.
Kink	A fit of coughing; also, a convulsive fit of laughter.
Kinkajou	A nocturnal carnivorous mammal (Cercoleptes caudivolvulus) of South America, about as large as a full-grown cat. It has a prehensile tail and lives in trees. It is the only representative of a distinct family (Cercoleptidae) allied to the raccoons. Called also potto, and honey bear.
Kinkhaust	Whooping cough.
Kinkle	Same as 3d Kink.
Kinky	Full of kinks; liable to kink or curl; as, kinky hair.
Kinky	Queer; eccentric; crotchety.
Kinnikinic	Prepared leaves or bark of certain plants; -- used by the Indians of the Northwest for smoking, either mixed with tobacco or as a substitute for it. Also, a plant so used, as the osier cornel (Cornus stolonijra), and the bearberry (Arctostaphylus Uva-ursi).
Kino	The dark red dried juice of certain plants, used variously in tanning, in dyeing, and as an astringent in medicine.
Kinology	That branch of physics which treats of the laws of motion, or of moving bodies.
Kinone	See Quinone.
Kinoyl	See Quinoyl.
Kinrede	Kindred.
Kinsfolk	Relatives; kindred; kin; persons of the same family or closely or closely related families.
Kinship	Family relationship.
Kinsmen	of Kinsman
Kinsman	A man of the same race or family; one related by blood.
Kinsmanship	Kinship.
Kinswomen	of Kinswoman
Kinswoman	A female relative.
Kintlidge	See Kentledge.
Kiosk	A Turkish open summer house or pavilion, supported by pillars.
Kioways	A tribe of Indians distantly related to the Shoshones. They formerly inhabited the region about the head waters of the North Platte.
Kip	The hide of a young or small beef creature, or leather made from it; kipskin.
Kipe	An osier basket used for catching fish.
Kipper	A salmon after spawning.
Kipper	A salmon split open, salted, and dried or smoked; -- so called because salmon after spawning were usually so cured, not being good when fresh.
Kippered	of Kipper
Kippering	of Kipper
Kipper	To cure, by splitting, salting, and smoking.
Kipper	Amorous; also, lively; light-footed; nimble; gay; sprightly.
Kippernut	A name given to earthnuts of several kinds.
Kipskin	Leather prepared from the skin of young or small cattle, intermediate in grade between calfskin and cowhide.
Kirk	A church or the church, in the various senses of the word; esp., the Church of Scotland as distinguished from other reformed churches, or from the Roman Catholic Church.
Kirked	Turned upward; bent.
Kirkmen	of Kirkman
Kirkman	A clergyman or officer in a kirk.
Kirkman	A member of the Church of Scotland, as distinguished from a member of another communion.
Kirkyard	A churchyard.
Kirmess	In Europe, particularly in Belgium and Holland, and outdoor festival and fair; in the United States, generally an indoor entertainment and fair combined.
Kirschwasser	An alcoholic liquor, obtained by distilling the fermented juice of the small black cherry.
Kirsome	Christian; christened.
Kirtle	A garment varying in form and use at different times, and worn doth by men and women.
Kirtled	Wearing a kirtle.
Kirumbo	A bird of Madagascar (Leptosomus discolor), the only living type of a family allied to the rollers. It has a pair of loral plumes. The male is glossy green above, with metallic reflections; the female is spotted with brown and black.
Kish	A workman's name for the graphite which forms incidentally in iron smelting.
Kismet	Destiny; fate.
Kissed	of Kiss
Kissing	of Kiss
Kiss	To salute with the lips, as a mark of affection, reverence, submission, forgiveness, etc.
Kiss	To touch gently, as if fondly or caressingly.
Kiss	To make or give salutation with the lips in token of love, respect, etc.; as, kiss and make friends.
Kiss	To meet; to come in contact; to touch fondly.
Kiss	A salutation with the lips, as a token of affection, respect, etc.; as, a parting kiss; a kiss of reconciliation.
Kiss	A small piece of confectionery.
Kisser	One who kisses.
Kissingcrust	The portion of the upper crust of a loaf which has touched another loaf in baking.
Kist	A chest; hence, a coffin.
Kist	A stated payment, especially a payment of rent for land; hence, the time for such payment.
Kistvaen	A Celtic monument, commonly known as a dolmen.
Kitte	of Kit
Kit	To cut.
Kit	A kitten.
Kit	A small violin.
Kit	A large bottle.
Kit	A wooden tub or pail, smaller at the top than at the bottom; as, a kit of butter, or of mackerel.
Kit	straw or rush basket for fish; also, any kind of basket.
Kit	A box for working implements; hence, a working outfit, as of a workman, a soldier, and the like.
Kit	A group of separate parts, things, or individuals; -- used with whole, and generally contemptuously; as, the whole kit of them.
Kitcat	Designating a club in London, to which Addison and Steele belonged; -- so called from Christopher Cat, a pastry cook, who served the club with mutton pies.
Kitcat	Designating a canvas used for portraits of a peculiar size, viz., twenty-right or twenty-nine inches by thirty-six; -- so called because that size was adopted by Sir Godfrey Kneller for the portraits he painted of the members of the Kitcat Club.
Kitcat	A game played by striking with a stick small piece of wood, called a cat, shaped like two cones united at their bases; tipcat.
Kitchen	A cookroom; the room of a house appropriated to cookery.
Kitchen	A utensil for roasting meat; as, a tin kitchen.
Kitchen	To furnish food to; to entertain with the fare of the kitchen.
Kitchener	A kitchen servant; a cook.
Kitchenmaid	A woman employed in the kitchen.
Kitchen middens	Relics of neolithic man found on the coast of Denmark, consisting of shell mounds, some of which are ten feet high, one thousand feet long, and two hundred feet wide. The name is applied also to similar mounds found on the American coast from Canada to Florida, made by the North American Indians.
Kitchen-ry	The body of servants employed in the kitchen.
Kite	Any raptorial bird of the subfamily Milvinae, of which many species are known. They have long wings, adapted for soaring, and usually a forked tail.
Kite	Fig. : One who is rapacious.
Kite	A light frame of wood or other material covered with paper or cloth, for flying in the air at the end of a string.
Kite	A lofty sail, carried only when the wind is light.
Kite	A quadrilateral, one of whose diagonals is an axis of symmetry.
Kite	Fictitious commercial paper used for raising money or to sustain credit, as a check which represents no deposit in bank, or a bill of exchange not sanctioned by sale of goods; an accommodation check or bill.
Kite	The brill.
Kite	To raise money by "kites;" as, kiting transactions. See Kite, 6.
Kite	The belly.
Kiteflying	A mode of raising money, or sustaining one's credit, by the use of paper which is merely nominal; -- called also kiting.
Kiteflier	See Kite, n., 6.
Kith	Acquaintance; kindred.
Kithara	See Cithara.
Kithe	See Kythe.
Kitish	Like or relating to a kite.
Kitling	A young kitten; a whelp.
Kitte	of Kit to cut.
Kittel	See Kittle, v. t.
Kitten	A young cat.
Kittened	of Kitten
Kittening	of Kitten
Kitten	To bring forth young, as a cat; to bring forth, as kittens.
Kittenish	Resembling a kitten; playful; as, a kittenish disposition.
Kittiwake	A northern gull (Rissa tridactyla), inhabiting the coasts of Europe and America. It is white, with black tips to the wings, and has but three toes.
Kittle	To bring forth young, as a cat; to kitten; to litter.
Kittle	To tickle.
Kittle	Ticklish; not easily managed; troublesome; difficult; variable.
Kittlish	Ticklish; kittle.
Kittysol	The Chinese paper parasol.
Kive	A mash vat. See Keeve.
Kiver	To cover.
Kiver	A cover.
Kivikivies	of Kiwikiwi
Kiwikiwies	of Kiwikiwi
Kivikivi	Alt. of Kiwikiwi
Kiwikiwi	Any species of Apteryx, esp. A. australis; -- so called in imitation of its notes. Called also kiwi. See Apteryx.
Kjoekken moeddings	See Kitchen middens.
Klamaths	A collective name for the Indians of several tribes formerly living along the Klamath river, in California and Oregon, but now restricted to a reservation at Klamath Lake; -- called also Clamets and Hamati.
Kleeneboc	(Zool.) An antelope (Cerphalopus pygmaeus), found in South Africa. It is of very small size, being but one foot high at shoulder. It is remarkable for its activity, and for its mild and timid disposition. Called also guevi, and pygmy antelope.
Kleptomania	A propensity to steal, claimed to be irresistible. This does not constitute legal irresponsibility.
Kleptomaniac	A person affected with kleptomania.
Klick	See Click.
Klicket	A small postern or gate in a palisade, for the passage of sallying parties.
Klinkstone	See Clinkstone.
Klinometer	See Clinometer.
Klipdas	Alt. of Klipdachs
Klipdachs	A small mammal (Hyrax Capensis), found in South Africa. It is of about the size of a rabbit, and closely resembles the daman. Called also rock rabbit.
Klipfish	Dried cod, exported from Norway.
Klipspringer	A small, graceful South African antelope (Nanotragus oreotragus), which, like the chamois, springs from one crag to another with great agility; -- called also kainsi.
Kloof	A glen; a ravine closed at its upper end.
Klopemania	See Kleptomania.
Knabbed	of Knab
Knabbing	of Knab
Knab	To seize with the teeth; to gnaw.
Knab	To nab. See Nab, v. t.
Knabble	To bite or nibble.
Knack	To crack; to make a sharp, abrupt noise to chink.
Knack	To speak affectedly.
Knack	A petty contrivance; a toy; a plaything; a knickknack.
Knack	A readiness in performance; aptness at doing something; skill; facility; dexterity.
Knack	Something performed, or to be done, requiring aptness and dexterity; a trick; a device.
Knacker	One who makes knickknacks, toys, etc.
Knacker	One of two or more pieces of bone or wood held loosely between the fingers, and struck together by moving the hand; -- called also clapper.
Knacker	a harness maker.
Knacker	One who slaughters worn-out horses and sells their flesh for dog's meat.
Knackish	Trickish; artful.
Knack-kneed	See Knock-kneed.
Knacky	Having a knack; cunning; crafty; trickish.
Knag	A knot in wood; a protuberance.
Knag	A wooden peg for hanging things on.
Knag	The prong of an antler.
Knag	The rugged top of a hill.
Knagged	Full of knots; knaggy.
Knaggy	Knotty; rough; figuratively, rough in temper.
Knap	A protuberance; a swelling; a knob; a button; hence, rising ground; a summit. See Knob, and Knop.
Knapped	of Knap
Knapping	of Knap
Knap	To bite; to bite off; to break short.
Knap	To strike smartly; to rap; to snap.
Knap	To make a sound of snapping.
Knap	A sharp blow or slap.
Knapbottle	The bladder campion (Silene inflata).
Knappish	Snappish; peevish.
Knapple	To break off with an abrupt, sharp noise; to bite; to nibble.
Knappy	Having knaps; full of protuberances or humps; knobby.
Knapsack	A case of canvas or leather, for carrying on the back a soldier's necessaries, or the clothing, etc., of a traveler.
Knapweed	The black centaury (Centaurea nigra); -- so called from the knoblike heads of flowers. Called also bullweed.
Knar	See Gnar.
Knarl	A knot in wood. See Gnarl.
Knarled	Knotted. See Gnarled.
Knarred	Knotty; gnarled.
Knarry	Knotty; gnarled.
Knave	A boy; especially, a boy servant.
Knave	Any male servant; a menial.
Knave	A tricky, deceitful fellow; a dishonest person; a rogue; a villain.
Knave	A playing card marked with the figure of a servant or soldier; a jack.
Knaveries	of Knavery
Knavery	The practices of a knave; petty villainy; fraud; trickery; a knavish action.
Knavery	Roguish or mischievous tricks.
Knaveship	A small due, in meal, established by usage, which is paid to the under miller.
Knavess	A knavish woman.
Knavish	Like or characteristic of a knave; given to knavery; trickish; fraudulent; dishonest; villainous; as, a knavish fellow, or a knavish trick.
Knavish	Mischievous; roguish; waggish.
Knavishly	In a knavish manner; dishonestly; fraudulently.
Knavishly	Mischievously; waggishly; roguishly.
KNavishness	The quality or state of being knavish; knavery; dishonesty.
Knaw	See Gnaw.
Knawel	A low, spreading weed (Scleranthus annuus), common in sandy soil.
Kneaded	of Knead
Kneading	of Knead
Knead	To work and press into a mass, usually with the hands; esp., to work, as by repeated pressure with the knuckles, into a well mixed mass, as the materials of bread, cake, etc.; as, to knead dough.
Knead	Fig.: To treat or form as by kneading; to beat.
Kneadable	That may be kneaded; capable of being worked into a mass.
Kneader	One who kneads.
Kneadingly	In the manner of one kneading.
Knebelite	A mineral of a gray, red, brown, or green color, and glistening luster. It is a silicate of iron and manganese.
Kneck	The twisting of a rope or cable, as it is running out.
Knee	In man, the joint in the middle part of the leg.
Knee	The joint, or region of the joint, between the thigh and leg.
Knee	In the horse and allied animals, the carpal joint, corresponding to the wrist in man.
Knee	A piece of timber or metal formed with an angle somewhat in the shape of the human knee when bent.
Knee	A bending of the knee, as in respect or courtesy.
Knee	To supplicate by kneeling.
Kneebrush	A tuft or brush of hair on the knees of some species of antelopes and other animals; -- chiefly used in the plural.
Kneebrush	A thick mass or collection of hairs on the legs of bees, by aid of which they carry the collected pollen to the hive or nest; -- usually in the plural.
Kneecap	The kneepan.
Kneecap	A cap or protection for the knee.
Knee-crooking	Obsequious; fawning; cringing.
Kneed	Having knees;- used chiefly in composition; as, in-kneed; out-kneed; weak-kneed.
Kneed	Geniculated; forming an obtuse angle at the joints, like the knee when a little bent; as, kneed grass.
Knee-deep	Rising to the knees; knee-high; as, water or snow knee-deep.
Knee-deep	Sunk to the knees; as, men knee-deep in water.
Knee-high	Rising or reaching upward to the knees; as, the water is knee-high.
Kneejoint	The joint of the knee.
Kneejoint	A toggle joint; -- so called because consisting of two pieces jointed to each other end to end, making an angle like the knee when bent.
Kneejointed	Geniculate; kneed. See Kneed, a., 2.
Knelt	of Kneel
Kneeled	of Kneel
Kneeling	of Kneel
Kneel	To bend the knee; to fall or rest on the knees; -- sometimes with down.
Kneeler	One who kneels or who worships by or while kneeling.
Kneeler	A cushion or stool to kneel on.
Kneeler	A name given to certain catechumens and penitents who were permitted to join only in parts of church worship.
Kneelingly	In a kneeling position.
Kneepan	A roundish, flattened, sesamoid bone in the tendon in front of the knee joint; the patella; the kneecap.
Kneepiece	A piece shaped like a knee; as, the kneepieces or ears of a boat.
Knell	The stoke of a bell tolled at a funeral or at the death of a person; a death signal; a passing bell; hence, figuratively, a warning of, or a sound indicating, the passing away of anything.
Knelled	of Knell
Knelling	of Knell
Knell	To sound as a knell; especially, to toll at a death or funeral; hence, to sound as a warning or evil omen.
Knell	To summon, as by a knell.
Knelt	of Kneel.
Knew	of Know.
Knicker	A small ball of clay, baked hard and oiled, used as a marble by boys in playing.
Knickerbockers	The name for a style of short breeches; smallclothes.
Knickknack	A trifle or toy; a bawble; a gewgaw.
Knickknackatory	A collection of knickknacks.
Knickknackery	Knickknacks.
Knives	of Knife
Knife	An instrument consisting of a thin blade, usually of steel and having a sharp edge for cutting, fastened to a handle, but of many different forms and names for different uses; as, table knife, drawing knife, putty knife, pallet knife, pocketknife, penknife, chopping knife, etc..
Knife	A sword or dagger.
Knifed	of Knife
Knifing	of Knife
Knife	To prune with the knife.
Knife	To cut or stab with a knife.
Knifeboard	A board on which knives are cleaned or polished.
Knife-edge	A piece of steel sharpened to an acute edge or angle, and resting on a smooth surface, serving as the axis of motion of a pendulum, scale beam, or other piece required to oscillate with the least possible friction.
Knight	A young servant or follower; a military attendant.
Knight	In feudal times, a man-at-arms serving on horseback and admitted to a certain military rank with special ceremonies, including an oath to protect the distressed, maintain the right, and live a stainless life.
Knight	One on whom knighthood, a dignity next below that of baronet, is conferred by the sovereign, entitling him to be addressed as Sir; as, Sir John.
Knight	A champion; a partisan; a lover.
Knight	A piece used in the game of chess, usually bearing a horse's head.
Knight	A playing card bearing the figure of a knight; the knave or jack.
Knighted	of Knight
Knighting	of Knight
Knight	To dub or create (one) a knight; -- done in England by the sovereign only, who taps the kneeling candidate with a sword, saying: Rise, Sir ---.
Knightage	To body of knights, taken collectively.
Knights bachelors	of Knight bachelor
Knight bachelor	A knight of the most ancient, but lowest, order of English knights, and not a member of any order of chivalry. See Bachelor, 4.
Knights bannerets	of Knight banneret
Knight banneret	A knight who carried a banner, who possessed fiefs to a greater amount than the knight bachelor, and who was obliged to serve in war with a greater number of attendants. The dignity was sometimes conferred by the sovereign in person on the field of battle.
Knight baro-net	See Baronet.
Knight-errants	of Knight-errant
Knights-errant	of Knight-errant
Knight-errant	A wandering knight; a knight who traveled in search of adventures, for the purpose of exhibiting military skill, prowess, and generosity.
Knight-errantries	of Knight-errantry
Knight-errantry	The character or actions of wandering knights; the practice of wandering in quest of adventures; chivalry; a quixotic or romantic adventure or scheme.
Knight-er-ratic	Pertaining to a knight-errant or to knight-errantry.
Knighthead	A bollard timber. See under Bollard.
Knighthood	The character, dignity, or condition of a knight, or of knights as a class; hence, chivalry.
Knighthood	The whole body of knights.
Knightless	Unbecoming a knight.
Knightliness	The character or bearing suitable for a knight; chivalry.
Knightly	Of or pertaining to a knight; becoming a knight; chivalrous; as, a knightly combat; a knightly spirit.
Knightly	In a manner becoming a knight.
Knight marshal	An officer in the household of the British sovereign, who has cognizance of transgressions within the royal household and verge, and of contracts made there, a member of the household being one of the parties.
Knight service	A tenure of lands held by knights on condition of performing military service. See Chivalry, n., 4.
Knights Templars	of Knight Templar
Knight Templar	See Commandery, n., 3, and also Templar, n., 1 and 3.
Knit	of Knit
Knitted	of Knit
Knitting	of Knit
Knit	To form into a knot, or into knots; to tie together, as cord; to fasten by tying.
Knit	To form, as a textile fabric, by the interlacing of yarn or thread in a series of connected loops, by means of needles, either by hand or by machinery; as, to knit stockings.
Knit	To join; to cause to grow together.
Knit	To unite closely; to connect; to engage; as, hearts knit together in love.
Knit	To draw together; to contract into wrinkles.
Knit	To form a fabric by interlacing yarn or thread; to weave by making knots or loops.
Knit	To be united closely; to grow together; as, broken bones will in time knit and become sound.
Knit	Union knitting; texture.
Knitback	The plant comfrey; -- so called from its use as a restorative.
Knitch	Alt. of Knitchet
Knitchet	A number of things tied or knit together; a bundle; a fagot.
Knits	Small particles of ore.
Knitster	A woman who knits.
Knitter	One who, or that which, knits, joins, or unites; a knitting machine.
Knitting	The work of a knitter; the network formed by knitting.
Knitting	Union formed by knitting, as of bones.
Knittle	A string that draws together a purse or bag.
Knittle	See Nettles.
Knives	of Knife. See Knife.
Knob	A hard protuberance; a hard swelling or rising; a bunch; a lump; as, a knob in the flesh, or on a bone.
Knob	A knoblike ornament or handle; as, the knob of a lock, door, or drawer.
Knob	A rounded hill or mountain; as, the Pilot Knob.
Knob	See Knop.
Knob	To grow into knobs or bunches; to become knobbed.
Knobbed	Containing knobs; full of knobs; ending in a nob. See Illust of Antenna.
Knobber	See Knobbler.
Knobbing	Rough dressing by knocking off knobs or projections.
Knobbler	The hart in its second year; a young deer.
Knobbling fire	A bloomery fire. See Bloomery.
Knobby	Full of, or covered with, knobs or hard protuberances.
Knobby	Irregular; stubborn in particulars.
Knobby	Abounding in rounded hills or mountains; hilly.
Knobstick	One who refuses to join, or withdraws from, a trades union.
Knocked	of Knock
Knocking	of Knock
Knock	To drive or be driven against something; to strike against something; to clash; as, one heavy body knocks against another.
Knock	To strike or beat with something hard or heavy; to rap; as, to knock with a club; to knock on the door.
Knock	To strike with something hard or heavy; to move by striking; to drive (a thing) against something; as, to knock a ball with a bat; to knock the head against a post; to knock a lamp off the table.
Knock	To strike for admittance; to rap upon, as a door.
Knock	A blow; a stroke with something hard or heavy; a jar.
Knock	A stroke, as on a door for admittance; a rap.
Knockdown	A felling by a knock, as of a combatant, or of an animal.
Knockdown	Of force sufficient to fell or completely overthrow; as, a knockdown blow; a knockdown argument.
Knocker	One who, or that which, knocks; specifically, an instrument, or kind of hammer, fastened to a door, to be used in seeking for admittance.
Knocking	A beating; a rap; a series of raps.
Knockings	Large lumps picked out of the sieve, in dressing ore.
Knock-knee	A condition in which the knees are bent in so as to touch each other in walking; inknee.
Knock-kneed	Having the legs bent inward so that the knees touch in walking.
Knockstone	A block upon which ore is broken up.
Knoll	A little round hill; a mound; a small elevation of earth; the top or crown of a hill.
Knolled	of Knoll
Knolling	of Knoll
Knoll	To ring, as a bell; to strike a knell upon; to toll; to proclaim, or summon, by ringing.
Knoll	To sound, as a bell; to knell.
Knoll	The tolling of a bell; a knell.
Knoller	One who tolls a bell.
Knop	A knob; a bud; a bunch; a button.
Knop	Any boldly projecting sculptured ornament; esp., the ornamental termination of a pinnacle, and then synonymous with finial; -- called also knob, and knosp.
Knopped	Having knops or knobs; fastened as with buttons.
Knoppern	A kind of gall produced by a gallfly on the cup of an acorn, -- used in tanning and dyeing.
Knopweed	Same as Knapweed.
Knor	See Knur.
Knosp	Same as Knop,2.
Knot	A fastening together of the pars or ends of one or more threads, cords, ropes, etc., by any one of various ways of tying or entangling.
Knot	A lump or loop formed in a thread, cord, rope. etc., as at the end, by tying or interweaving it upon itself.
Knot	An ornamental tie, as of a ribbon.
Knot	A bond of union; a connection; a tie.
Knot	Something not easily solved; an intricacy; a difficulty; a perplexity; a problem.
Knot	A figure the lines of which are interlaced or intricately interwoven, as in embroidery, gardening, etc.
Knot	A cluster of persons or things; a collection; a group; a hand; a clique; as, a knot of politicians.
Knot	A portion of a branch of a tree that forms a mass of woody fiber running at an angle with the grain of the main stock and making a hard place in the timber. A loose knot is generally the remains of a dead branch of a tree covered by later woody growth.
Knot	A knob, lump, swelling, or protuberance.
Knot	A protuberant joint in a plant.
Knot	The point on which the action of a story depends; the gist of a matter.
Knot	See Node.
Knot	A division of the log line, serving to measure the rate of the vessel's motion. Each knot on the line bears the same proportion to a mile that thirty seconds do to an hour. The number of knots which run off from the reel in half a minute, therefore, shows the number of miles the vessel sails in an hour.
Knot	A nautical mile, or 6080.27 feet; as, when a ship goes eight miles an hour, her speed is said to be eight knots.
Knot	A kind of epaulet. See Shoulder knot.
Knot	A sandpiper (Tringa canutus), found in the northern parts of all the continents, in summer. It is grayish or ashy above, with the rump and upper tail coverts white, barred with dusky. The lower parts are pale brown, with the flanks and under tail coverts white. When fat it is prized by epicures. Called also dunne.
Knotted	of Knot
Knotting	of Knot
Knot	To tie in or with, or form into, a knot or knots; to form a knot on, as a rope; to entangle.
Knot	To unite closely; to knit together.
Knot	To entangle or perplex; to puzzle.
Knot	To form knots or joints, as in a cord, a plant, etc.; to become entangled.
Knot	To knit knots for fringe or trimming.
Knot	To copulate; -- said of toads.
Knotberry	The cloudberry (Rudus Chamaemorus); -- so called from its knotted stems.
Knotgrass	a common weed with jointed stems (Polygonum aviculare); knotweed.
Knotgrass	The dog grass. See under Dog.
Knotless	Free from knots; without knots.
Knotted	Full of knots; having knots knurled; as, a knotted cord; the knotted oak.
Knotted	Interwoven; matted; entangled.
Knotted	Having intersecting lines or figures.
Knotted	Characterized by small, detached points, chiefly composed of mica, less decomposable than the mass of the rock, and forming knots in relief on the weathered surface; as, knotted rocks.
Knotted	Entangled; puzzling; knotty.
Knottiness	The quality or state of being knotty or full of knots.
Knottiness	Difficulty of solution; intricacy; complication.
Knotty	Full of knots; knotted; having many knots; as, knotty timber; a knotty rope.
Knotty	Hard; rugged; as, a knotty head.
Knotty	Difficult; intricate; perplexed.
Knotweed	See Knot/rass.
Knotwort	A small, herbaceous, trailing plant, of the genus Illecebrum (I. verticillatum).
Knout	A kind of whip for flogging criminals, formerly much used in Russia. The last is a tapering bundle of leather thongs twisted with wire and hardened, so that it mangles the flesh.
Knout	To punish with the knout.
Know	Knee.
Knew	of Know
Known	of Know
Knowing	of Know
Know	To perceive or apprehend clearly and certainly; to understand; to have full information of; as, to know one's duty.
Know	To be convinced of the truth of; to be fully assured of; as, to know things from information.
Know	To be acquainted with; to be no stranger to; to be more or less familiar with the person, character, etc., of; to possess experience of; as, to know an author; to know the rules of an organization.
Know	To recognize; to distinguish; to discern the character of; as, to know a person's face or figure.
Know	To have sexual commerce with.
Know	To have knowledge; to have a clear and certain perception; to possess wisdom, instruction, or information; -- often with of.
Know	To be assured; to feel confident.
Knowable	That may be known; capable of being discovered, understood, or ascertained.
Knowa bleness	The state or quality of being knowable.
Know-all	One who knows everything; hence, one who makes pretension to great knowledge; a wiseacre; -- usually ironical.
Knower	One who knows.
Knowing	Skilful; well informed; intelligent; as, a knowing man; a knowing dog.
Knowing	Artful; cunning; as, a knowing rascal.
Knowing	Knowledge; hence, experience.
Knowingly	With knowledge; in a knowing manner; intelligently; consciously; deliberately; as, he would not knowingly offend.
Knowingly	By experience.
Knowingness	The state or quality of being knowing or intelligent; shrewdness; skillfulness.
Knowleche	See Knowl, edge.
Knowleching	Knowledge.
Knowledge	The act or state of knowing; clear perception of fact, truth, or duty; certain apprehension; familiar cognizance; cognition.
Knowledge	That which is or may be known; the object of an act of knowing; a cognition; -- chiefly used in the plural.
Knowledge	That which is gained and preserved by knowing; instruction; acquaintance; enlightenment; learning; scholarship; erudition.
Knowledge	That familiarity which is gained by actual experience; practical skill; as, a knowledge of life.
Knowledge	Scope of information; cognizance; notice; as, it has not come to my knowledge.
Knowledge	Sexual intercourse; -- usually preceded by carnal; as, carnal knowledge.
Knowledge	To acknowledge.
Known	of Know.
Know-nothing	A member of a secret political organization in the United States, the chief objects of which were the proscription of foreigners by the repeal of the naturalization laws, and the exclusive choice of native Americans for office.
Know-nothingism	The doctrines, principles, or practices, of the Know-nothings.
Knubs	Waste silk formed in winding off the threads from a cocoon.
Knuckle	The joint of a finger, particularly when made prominent by the closing of the fingers.
Knuckle	The kneejoint, or middle joint, of either leg of a quadruped, especially of a calf; -- formerly used of the kneejoint of a human being.
Knuckle	The joint of a plant.
Knuckle	The joining pars of a hinge through which the pin or rivet passes; a knuckle joint.
Knuckle	A convex portion of a vessel's figure where a sudden change of shape occurs, as in a canal boat, where a nearly vertical side joins a nearly flat bottom.
Knuckle	A contrivance, usually of brass or iron, and furnished with points, worn to protect the hand, to add force to a blow, and to disfigure the person struck; as, brass knuckles; -- called also knuckle duster.
Knuckled	of Knuckle
Knuckling	of Knuckle
Knuckle	To yield; to submit; -- used with down, to, or under.
Knuckle	To beat with the knuckles; to pommel.
Knuckled	Jointed.
Knuff	A lout; a clown.
Knur	A knurl.
Knurl	A contorted knot in wood; a crossgrained protuberance; a nodule; a boss or projection.
Knurl	One who, or that which, is crossgrained.
Knurl	To provide with ridges, to assist the grasp, as in the edge of a flat knob, or coin; to mill.
Knurled	Full of knots; gnarled.
Knurled	Milled, as the head of a screw, or the edge of a coin.
Knurly	Full of knots; hard; tough; hence, capable of enduring or resisting much.
Knurry	Full of knots.
Koaita	Same as Coaita.
Koala	A tailless marsupial (Phascolarctos cinereus), found in Australia. The female carries her young on the back of her neck. Called also Australian bear, native bear, and native sloth.
Kob	Alt. of Koba
Koba	Any one of several species of African antelopes of the genus Kobus, esp. the species Kobus sing-sing.
Kobalt	See Cobalt.
Kobellite	A blackish gray mineral, a sulphide of antimony, bismuth, and lead.
Kobold	A kind of domestic spirit in German mythology, corresponding to the Scottish brownie and the English Robin Goodfellow.
Kodak	A kind of portable camera.
Koel	Any one of several species of cuckoos of the genus Eudynamys, found in India, the East Indies, and Australia. They deposit their eggs in the nests of other birds.
Koff	A two-masted Dutch vessel.
Kohinoor	Alt. of Kohnur
Kohnur	A famous diamond, surrendered to the British crown on the annexation of the Punjab. According to Hindoo legends, it was found in a Golconda mine, and has been the property of various Hindoo and Persian rulers.
Kohl	A mixture of soot and other ingredients, used by Egyptian and other Eastern women to darken the edges of the eyelids.
Kohl-rabies	of Kohl-rabi
Kohl-rabi	A variety of cabbage, in which the edible part is a large, turnip-shaped swelling of the stem, above the surface of the ground.
Kokama	The gemsbok.
Koklass	Any pheasant of the genus Pucrasia. The birds of this genus inhabit India and China, and are distinguished by having a long central and two lateral crests on the head. Called also pucras.
Kokoon	The gnu.
Kolarian	An individual of one of the races of aboriginal inhabitants which survive in Hindostan.
Kolarian	Of or pertaining to the Kolarians.
Komenic	Of or pertaining to, or designating, an acid derived from meconic acid.
Komtok	An African freshwater fish (Protopterus annectens), belonging to the Dipnoi. It can breathe air by means of its lungs, and when waters dry up, it encases itself in a nest of hard mud, where it remains till the rainy season. It is used as food.
Kon	To know. See Can, and Con.
Konite	See Conite.
Konze	A large African antelope (Alcelaphus Lichtensteini), allied to the hartbeest, but having shorter and flatter horns, and lacking a black patch on the face.
Koodoo	A large South African antelope (Strepsiceros kudu). The males have graceful spiral horns, sometimes four feet long. The general color is reddish or grayish brown, with eight or nine white bands on each side, and a pale dorsal stripe. The old males become dark bluish gray, due to the skin showing through the hair. The females are hornless. Called also nellut.
Kookoom	The oryx or gemsbok.
Koolokamba	A west African anthropoid ape (Troglodytes koolokamba, or T. Aubryi), allied to the chimpanzee and gorilla, and, in some respects, intermediate between them.
Koolslaa	See Coleslaw.
Koord	See Kurd.
Koordish	See Kurdish.
Koorilian	Same as Kurilian.
Kopeck	A small Russian coin. One hundred kopecks make a rouble, worth about sixty cents.
Koran	The Scriptures of the Mohammedans, containing the professed revelations to Mohammed; -- called also Alcoran.
Korin	The gazelle.
Korrigum	A West African antelope (Damalis Senegalensis), allied to the sassaby. It is reddish gray, with a black face, and a black stripe on the outside of the legs above the knees.
Kosmos	See Cosmos.
Kotow	The prostration made by mandarins and others to their superiors, either as homage or worship, by knocking the forehead on the ground. There are degrees in the rite, the highest being expressed by three knockings.
Kotowed	of Kotow
Kotowing	of Kotow
Kotow	To perform the kotow.
Koulan	A wild horse (Equus, / Asinus, onager) inhabiting the plants of Central Asia; -- called also gour, khur, and onager.
Koumiss	An intoxicating fermented or distilled liquor originally made by the Tartars from mare's or camel's milk. It can be obtained from any kind of milk, and is now largely made in Europe.
Kousso	An Abyssinian rosaceous tree (Brayera anthelmintica), the flowers of which are used as a vermifuge.
Kowtow	The same as Kotow.
Kra	A long-tailed ape (Macacus cynomolgus) of India and Sumatra. It is reddish olive, spotted with black, and has a black tail.
Kraal	A collection of huts within a stockade; a village; sometimes, a single hut.
Kraal	An inclosure into which are driven wild elephants which are to be tamed and educated.
Krait	A very venomous snake of India (Bungarus coeruleus), allied to the cobra. Its upper parts are bluish or brownish black, often with narrow white streaks; the belly is whitish.
Kraken	A fabulous Scandinavian sea monster, often represented as resembling an island, but sometimes as resembling an immense octopus.
Krakowiak	A lively Polish dance. See Cracovienne.
Krameria	A genus of spreading shrubs with many stems, from one species of which (K. triandra), found in Peru, rhatany root, used as a medicine, is obtained.
Krameric	Pertaining to, or derived from, Krameria (rhatany); as, krameric acid, usually called ratanhia-tannic acid.
Krang	The carcass of a whale after the blubber has been removed.
Kranging hook	A hook for holding the blubber while cutting it away.
Kreatic	See Creatic.
Kreatin	See Creatin.
Kreatinin	See Creatinin.
Kreel	See Creel.
Kremlin	The citadel of a town or city; especially, the citadel of Moscow, a large inclosure which contains imperial palaces, cathedrals, churches, an arsenal, etc.
Krems	A variety of white lead. See Krems lead, under Lead, n.
Kreng	See Krang.
Kreosote	See Creosote.
Kreutzer	A small copper coin formerly used in South Germany; also, a small Austrian copper coin.
Kriegsspiel	A game of war, played for practice, on maps.
Kris	A Malay dagger. See Creese.
Krishna	The most popular of the Hindoo divinities, usually held to be the eighth incarnation of the god Vishnu.
Kritarchy	The rule of the judges over Israel.
Krokidolite	See Crocidolite.
Krone	A coin of Denmark, Norway, and Sweden, of the value of about twenty-eight cents. See Crown, n., 9.
Kroomen	of Krooman
Krooman	One of a negro tribe of Liberia and the adjacent coast, whose members are much employed on shipboard.
Kruller	See Cruller.
Krummhorn	Alt. of Krumhorn
Krumhorn	A reed instrument of music of the cornet kind, now obsolete (see Cornet, 1, a.).
Krumhorn	A reed stop in the organ; -- sometimes called cremona.
Krupp gun	A breech-loading steel cannon manufactured at the works of Friedrich Krupp, at Essen in Prussia. Guns of over eight-inch bore are made up of several concentric cylinders; those of a smaller size are forged solid.
Kryolite	See Cryolite.
Ksar	See Czar.
Kshatriya	Alt. of Kshatruya
Kshatruya	The military caste, the second of the four great Hindoo castes; also, a member of that caste. See Caste.
Kuda	The East Indian tapir. See Tapir.
Kudos	Glory; fame; renown; praise.
Kudos	To praise; to extol; to glorify.
Kudu	See Koodoo.
Kufic	See Cufic.
Kukang	The slow lemur. See Lemur.
Kuklux	The name adopted in the southern part of the United States by a secret political organization, active for several years after the close of the Civil War, and having for its aim the repression of the political power of the freedmen; -- called also Kuklux Klan.
Kulan	See Koulan.
Kumish	Alt. of Kumiss
Kumiss	See Koumiss.
Kummel	A Russian and German liqueur, consisting of a sweetened spirit flavored with caraway seeds.
Kumquat	A small tree of the genus Citrus (C. Japonica) growing in China and Japan; also, its small acid, orange-colored fruit used for preserves.
Kupfernickel	Copper-nickel; niccolite. See Niccolite.
Kurd	A native or inhabitant of a mountainous region of Western Asia belonging to the Turkish and Persian monarchies.
Kurdish	Of or pertaining to the Kurds.
Kurilian	Of or pertaining to the Kurile Islands, a chain of islands in the Pacific ocean, extending from the southern extremity of Kamschatka to Yesso.
Kurilian	A native or an inhabitant of the Kurile Islands.
Kursaal	A public hall or room, for the use of visitors at watering places and health resorts in Germany.
Kusimanse	A carnivorous animal (Crossarchus obscurus) of tropical Africa. It its allied to the civets. Called also kusimansel, and mangue.
Kuskus	See Vetiver.
Kussier	(Mus.) A Turkish instrument of music, with a hollow body covered with skin, over which five strings are stretched.
Kutauss	The India civet (Viverra zibetha).
Kutch	The packet of vellum leaves in which the gold is first beaten into thin sheets.
Kutch	See Catechu.
Ky	Kine.
Kyaboca wood	Amboyna wood.
Kyaboca wood	Sandalwood (Santalum album).
Kyannite	See Cyanite.
Kyanized	of Kyanize
Kyanizing	of Kyanize
Kyanize	To render (wood) proof against decay by saturating with a solution of corrosive sublimate in open tanks, or under pressure.
Kyanol	Aniline.
Kyanol	A base obtained from coal tar.
Kyanophyll	Same as Cyanophyll.
Kyar	Cocoanut fiber, or the cordage made from it. See Coir.
Kyaw	A daw.
Kyd	p. p. of Kythe.
Kydde	imp. of Kythe, to show.
Kyke	To look steadfastly; to gaze.
Kyley	A variety of the boomerang.
Kyloes	The cattle of the Hebrides, or of the Highlands.
Kymnel	See Kimnel.
Kymograph	An instrument for measuring, and recording graphically, the pressure of the blood in any of the blood vessels of a living animal; -- called also kymographion.
Kymographic	Of or pertaining to a kymograph; as, a kymographic tracing.
Kymric	See Cymric, a. & n.
Kymry	See Cymry.
Kynrede	Kindred.
Kynurenic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid obtained from the urine of dogs. By decomposition the acid yields a nitrogenous base (called kynurin) and carbonic acid.
Kyrie	See Kyrie eleison.
Kyrie eleison	Greek words, meaning "Lord, have mercy upon us," used in the Mass, the breviary offices, the litany of the saints, etc.
Kyrie eleison	The name given to the response to the Commandments, in the service of the Church of England and of the Protestant Episcopal Church.
Kyrielle	A litany beginning with the words.
Kyriolexy	Alt. of Kyriology
Kyriology	The use of literal or simple expressions, as distinguished from the use of figurative or obscure ones.
Kyriological	Serving to denote objects by conventional signs or alphabetical characters; as, the original Greek alphabet of sixteen letters was called kyriologic, because it represented the pure elementary sounds. See Curiologic.
Kydde	of Kithe
Kidde	of Kithe
Kythed	of Kithe
Kything	of Kithe
Kythe	Alt. of Kithe
Kithe	To make known; to manifest; to show; to declare.
Kythe	To come into view; to appear.
Kytomiton	See Karyomiton.
Kytoplasma	See Karyoplasma.
