M	M, the thirteenth letter of the English alphabet, is a vocal consonant, and from the manner of its formation, is called the labio-nasal consonant. See Guide to Pronunciation, // 178-180, 242.
M	As a numeral, M stands for one thousand, both in English and Latin.
M	A quadrat, the face or top of which is a perfect square; also, the size of such a square in any given size of type, used as the unit of measurement for that type: 500 m's of pica would be a piece of matter whose length and breadth in pica m's multiplied together produce that number.
M	A brand or stigma, having the shape of an M, formerly impressed on one convicted of manslaughter and admitted to the benefit of clergy.
Ma	A child's word for mother.
Ma	In Oriental countries, a respectful form of address given to a woman; mother.
Ma	But; -- used in cautionary phrases; as, "Vivace, ma non troppo presto" (i. e., lively, but not too quick).
Maa	The common European gull (Larus canus); -- called also mar. See New, a gull.
Maad	Made.
Maalin	The sparrow hawk.
Maalin	The kestrel.
Ma'am	Madam; my lady; -- a colloquial contraction of madam often used in direct address, and sometimes as an appellation.
Maara shell	A large, pearly, spiral, marine shell (Turbo margaritaceus), from the Pacific Islands. It is used as an ornament.
Maasha	An East Indian coin, of about one tenth of the weight of a rupee.
Maat	Dejected; sorrowful; downcast.
Mad	A slattern.
Mad	The name of a female fairy, esp. the queen of the fairies; and hence, sometimes, any fairy.
Mabble	To wrap up.
Mabby	A spirituous liquor or drink distilled from potatoes; -- used in the Barbadoes.
Mabolo	A kind of persimmon tree (Diospyros discolor) from the Philippine Islands, now introduced into the East and West Indies. It bears an edible fruit as large as a quince.
Mac	A prefix, in names of Scotch origin, signifying son.
Macaco	Any one of several species of lemurs, as the ruffed lemur (Lemur macaco), and the ring-tailed lemur (L. catta).
Macacus	A genus of monkeys, found in Asia and the East Indies. They have short tails and prominent eyebrows.
Macadamization	The process or act of macadamizing.
Macadamized	of Macadamize
Macadamizing	of Macadamize
Macadamize	To cover, as a road, or street, with small, broken stones, so as to form a smooth, hard, convex surface.
Maoadam road	A macadamized road.
Macao	A macaw.
Macaque	Any one of several species of short-tailed monkeys of the genus Macacus; as, M. maurus, the moor macaque of the East Indies.
Macaranga gum	A gum of a crimson color, obtained from a tree (Macaranga Indica) that grows in the East Indies. It is used in taking impressions of coins, medallions, etc., and sometimes as a medicine.
Macarize	To congratulate.
Macaronis	of Macaroni
Macaronies	of Macaroni
Macaroni	Long slender tubes made of a paste chiefly of wheat flour, and used as an article of food; Italian or Genoese paste.
Macaroni	A medley; something droll or extravagant.
Macaroni	A sort of droll or fool.
Macaroni	A finical person; a fop; -- applied especially to English fops of about 1775.
Macaroni	The designation of a body of Maryland soldiers in the Revolutionary War, distinguished by a rich uniform.
Macaronian	Alt. of Macaronic
Macaronic	Pertaining to, or like, macaroni (originally a dish of mixed food); hence, mixed; confused; jumbled.
Macaronic	Of or pertaining to the burlesque composition called macaronic; as, macaronic poetry.
Macaronic	A heap of thing confusedly mixed together; a jumble.
Macaronic	A kind of burlesque composition, in which the vernacular words of one or more modern languages are intermixed with genuine Latin words, and with hybrid formed by adding Latin terminations to other roots.
Macaroon	A small cake, composed chiefly of the white of eggs, almonds, and sugar.
Macaroon	A finical fellow, or macaroni.
Macartney	A fire-backed pheasant. See Fireback.
Macassar oil	A kind of oil formerly used in dressing the hair; -- so called because originally obtained from Macassar, a district of the Island of Celebes. Also, an imitation of the same, of perfumed castor oil and olive oil.
Macauco	Any one of several species of small lemurs, as Lemur murinus, which resembles a rat in size.
Macavahu	A small Brazilian monkey (Callithrix torquatus), -- called also collared teetee.
Macaw	Any parrot of the genus Sittace, or Macrocercus. About eighteen species are known, all of them American. They are large and have a very long tail, a strong hooked bill, and a naked space around the eyes. The voice is harsh, and the colors are brilliant and strongly contrasted.
Maccabean	Of or pertaining to Judas Maccabeus or to the Maccabees; as, the Maccabean princes; Maccabean times.
Maccabees	The name given later times to the Asmonaeans, a family of Jewish patriots, who headed a religious revolt in the reign of Antiochus IV., 168-161 B. C., which led to a period of freedom for Israel.
Maccabees	The name of two ancient historical books, which give accounts of Jewish affairs in or about the time of the Maccabean princes, and which are received as canonical books in the Roman Catholic Church, but are included in the Apocrypha by Protestants. Also applied to three books, two of which are found in some MSS. of the Septuagint.
Maccaboy	Alt. of Maccoboy
Maccoboy	A kind of snuff.
Macco	A gambling game in vogue in the eighteenth century.
Mace	A money of account in China equal to one tenth of a tael; also, a weight of 57.98 grains.
Mace	A kind of spice; the aril which partly covers nutmegs. See Nutmeg.
Mace	A heavy staff or club of metal; a spiked club; -- used as weapon in war before the general use of firearms, especially in the Middle Ages, for breaking metal armor.
Mace	A staff borne by, or carried before, a magistrate as an ensign of his authority.
Mace	An officer who carries a mace as an emblem of authority.
Mace	A knobbed mallet used by curriers in dressing leather to make it supple.
Mace	A rod for playing billiards, having one end suited to resting on the table and pushed with one hand.
Macedonian	Belonging, or relating, to Macedonia.
Macedonian	A native or inhabitant of Macedonia.
Macedonian	One of a certain religious sect, followers of Macedonius, Bishop of Constantinople, in the fourth century, who held that the Holy Ghost was a creature, like the angels, and a servant of the Father and the Son.
Macedonianism	The doctrines of Macedonius.
Macer	A mace bearer; an officer of a court.
Macerated	of Macerate
Macerating	of Macerate
Macerate	To make lean; to cause to waste away.
Macerate	To subdue the appetites of by poor and scanty diet; to mortify.
Macerate	To soften by steeping in a liquid, with or without heat; to wear away or separate the parts of by steeping; as, to macerate animal or vegetable fiber.
Macerater	One who, or that which, macerates; an apparatus for converting paper or fibrous matter into pulp.
Maceration	The act or process of macerating.
Machaerodus	Alt. of Machairodus
Machairodus	A genus of extinct mammals allied to the cats, and having in the upper jaw canine teeth of remarkable size and strength; -- hence called saber-toothed tigers.
Machete	A large heavy knife resembling a broadsword, often two or three feet in length, -- used by the inhabitants of Spanish America as a hatchet to cut their way through thickets, and for various other purposes.
Machiavelian	Of or pertaining to Machiavel, or to his supposed principles; politically cunning; characterized by duplicity or bad faith; crafty.
Machiavelian	One who adopts the principles of Machiavel; a cunning and unprincipled politician.
Machiavelism	Alt. of Machiavelianism
Machiavelianism	The supposed principles of Machiavel, or practice in conformity to them; political artifice, intended to favor arbitrary power.
Machicolated	Having machicolations.
Machicolation	An opening between the corbels which support a projecting parapet, or in the floor of a gallery or the roof of a portal, shooting or dropping missiles upen assailants attacking the base of the walls. Also, the construction of such defenses, in general, when of this character. See Illusts. of Battlement and Castle.
Machicolation	The act of discharging missiles or pouring burning or melted substances upon assailants through such apertures.
Machicoulis	Same as Machicolation.
Machinal	Of or pertaining to machines.
Machinated	of Machinate
Machinating	of Machinate
Machinate	To plan; to contrive; esp., to form a scheme with the purpose of doing harm; to contrive artfully; to plot.
Machinate	To contrive, as a plot; to plot; as, to machinate evil.
Machination	The act of machinating.
Machination	That which is devised; a device; a hostile or treacherous scheme; an artful design or plot.
Machinator	One who machinates, or forms a scheme with evil designs; a plotter or artful schemer.
Machine	In general, any combination of bodies so connected that their relative motions are constrained, and by means of which force and motion may be transmitted and modified, as a screw and its nut, or a lever arranged to turn about a fulcrum or a pulley about its pivot, etc.; especially, a construction, more or less complex, consisting of a combination of moving parts, or simple mechanical elements, as wheels, levers, cams, etc., with their supports and connecting framework, calculated to constitute a prime mover, or to receive force and motion from a prime mover or from another machine, and transmit, modify, and apply them to the production of some desired mechanical effect or work, as weaving by a loom, or the excitation of electricity by an electrical machine.
Machine	Any mechanical contrivance, as the wooden horse with which the Greeks entered Troy; a coach; a bicycle.
Machine	A person who acts mechanically or at will of another.
Machine	A combination of persons acting together for a common purpose, with the agencies which they use; as, the social machine.
Machine	A political organization arranged and controlled by one or more leaders for selfish, private or partisan ends.
Machine	Supernatural agency in a poem, or a superhuman being introduced to perform some exploit.
Machined	of Machine
Machining	of Machine
Machine	To subject to the action of machinery; to effect by aid of machinery; to print with a printing machine.
Machiner	One who or operates a machine; a machinist.
Machinery	Machines, in general, or collectively.
Machinery	The working parts of a machine, engine, or instrument; as, the machinery of a watch.
Machinery	The supernatural means by which the action of a poetic or fictitious work is carried on and brought to a catastrophe; in an extended sense, the contrivances by which the crises and conclusion of a fictitious narrative, in prose or verse, are effected.
Machinery	The means and appliances by which anything is kept in action or a desired result is obtained; a complex system of parts adapted to a purpose.
Machining	Of or pertaining to the machinery of a poem; acting or used as a machine.
Machinist	A constrictor of machines and engines; one versed in the principles of machines.
Machinist	One skilled in the use of machine tools.
Machinist	A person employed to shift scenery in a theater.
Macho	The striped mullet of California (Mugil cephalus, / Mexicanus).
Macilency	Leanness.
Macilent	Lean; thin.
Macintosh	Same as Mackintosh.
Mackerel	A pimp; also, a bawd.
Mackerel	Any species of the genus Scomber, and of several related genera. They are finely formed and very active oceanic fishes. Most of them are highly prized for food.
Mackinaw blanket	Alt. of Mackinaw
Mackinaw	A thick blanket formerly in common use in the western part of the United States.
Mackintosh	A waterproof outer garment; -- so called from the name of the inventor.
Mackle	Same Macule.
Mackle	To blur, or be blurred, in printing, as if there were a double impression.
Macle	Chiastolite; -- so called from the tessellated appearance of a cross section. See Chiastolite.
Macle	A crystal having a similar tessellated appearance.
Macle	A twin crystal.
Macled	Marked like macle (chiastolite).
Macled	Having a twin structure. See Twin, a.
Macled	See Mascled.
Maclurea	A genus of spiral gastropod shells, often of large size, characteristic of the lower Silurian rocks.
Maclurin	See Morintannic.
Macrame lace	A coarse lace made of twine, used especially in decorating furniture.
Macrencephalic	Alt. of Macrencephalous
Macrencephalous	Having a large brain.
Macro-	A combining form signifying long, large, great; as macrodiagonal, macrospore.
Macrobiotic	Long-lived.
Macrobiotics	The art of prolonging life.
Macrocephalous	Having a large head.
Macrocephalous	Having the cotyledons of a dicotyledonous embryo confluent, and forming a large mass compared with the rest of the body.
Macro-chemistry	The science which treats of the chemical properties, actions or relations of substances in quantity; -- distinguished from micro-chemistry.
Macrochires	A division of birds including the swifts and humming birds. So called from the length of the distal part of the wing.
Macrocosm	The great world; that part of the universe which is exterior to man; -- contrasted with microcosm, or man. See Microcosm.
Macrocosmic	Of or pertaining to the macrocosm.
Macrocystis	An immensely long blackish seaweed of the Pacific (Macrocystis pyrifera), having numerous almond-shaped air vessels.
Macrodactyl	One of a group of wading birds (Macrodactyli) having very long toes.
Macrodactylic	Alt. of Macrodactylous
Macrodactylous	Having long toes.
Macrodiagonal	The longer of two diagonals, as of a rhombic prism. See Crystallization.
Macrodome	A dome parallel to the longer lateral axis of an orthorhombic crystal. See Dome, n., 4.
Macrodont	Having large teeth.
Macrodont	A macrodont animal.
Macrofarad	See Megafarad.
Macroglossia	Enlargement or hypertrophy of the tongue.
Macrognathic	Long-jawed.
Macrology	Long and tedious talk without much substance; superfluity of words.
Macrometer	An instrument for determining the size or distance of inaccessible objects by means of two reflectors on a common sextant.
Macron	A short, straight, horizontal mark [-], placed over vowels to denote that they are to be pronounced with a long sound; as, a, in dame; /, in s/am, etc.
Macropetalous	Having long or large petals.
Macrophyllous	Having long or large leaves.
Macropinacoid	One of the two planes of an orthorhombic crystal which are parallel to the vertical and longer lateral (macrodiagonal) axes.
Macropod	Any one of a group of maioid crabs remarkable for the length of their legs; -- called also spider crab.
Macropodal	Having long or large feet, or a long stem.
Macropodian	A macropod.
Macropodous	Having long legs or feet.
Macroprism	A prism of an orthorhombic crystal between the macropinacoid and the unit prism; the corresponding pyramids are called macropyramids.
Macropteres	A division of birds; the Longipennes.
Macropterous	Having long wings.
Macropus	genus of marsupials including the common kangaroo.
Macropyramid	See Macroprism.
Macroscopic	Alt. of Macroscopical
Macroscopical	Visible to the unassisted eye; -- as opposed to microscopic.
Macrosporangium	A sporangium or conceptacle containing only large spores; -- opposed to microsporangium. Both are found in the genera Selaginella, Isoctes, and Marsilia, plants remotely allied to ferns.
Macrospore	One of the specially large spores of certain flowerless plants, as Selaginella, etc.
Macrosporic	Of or pertaining to macrospores.
Macrotone	Same as Macron.
Macrotous	Large-eared.
Macroura	Alt. of Macroural
Macroural	Same as Macrura, Macrural, etc.
Macrozoospore	A large motile spore having four vibratile cilia; -- found in certain green algae.
Macrura	A subdivision of decapod Crustacea, having the abdomen largely developed. It includes the lobster, prawn, shrimp, and many similar forms.  Cf. Decapoda.
Macrural	Same as Macrurous.
Macruran	One of the Macrura.
Macruroid	Like or pertaining to the Macrura.
Macrurous	Of or pertaining to the Macrura; having a long tail.
Mactation	The act of killing a victim for sacrifice.
Mactra	Any marine bivalve shell of the genus Mactra, and allied genera. Many species are known. Some of them are used as food, as Mactra stultorum, of Europe. See Surf clam, under Surf.
Maculae	of Macula
Macula	A spot, as on the skin, or on the surface of the sun or of some other luminous orb.
Macula	A rather large spot or blotch of color.
Maculate	To spot; to stain; to blur.
Maculate	Marked with spots or maculae; blotched; hence, defiled; impure; as, most maculate thoughts.
Maculated	Having spots or blotches; maculate.
Maculation	The act of spotting; a spot; a blemish.
Maculatory	Causing a spot or stain.
Maculature	Blotting paper.
Macule	A spot.
Macule	A blur, or an appearance of a double impression, as when the paper slips a little; a mackle.
Macule	To blur; especially (Print.), to blur or double an impression from type. See Mackle.
Maculose	Of or pertaining to spots upon a surface; spotted; maculate.
Mad	p. p. of Made.
Mad	Disordered in intellect; crazy; insane.
Mad	Excited beyond self-control or the restraint of reason; inflamed by violent or uncontrollable desire, passion, or appetite; as, to be mad with terror, lust, or hatred; mad against political reform.
Mad	Proceeding from, or indicating, madness; expressing distraction; prompted by infatuation, fury, or extreme rashness.
Mad	Extravagant; immoderate.
Mad	Furious with rage, terror, or disease; -- said of the lower animals; as, a mad bull; esp., having hydrophobia; rabid; as, a mad dog.
Mad	Angry; out of patience; vexed; as, to get mad at a person.
Mad	Having impaired polarity; -- applied to a compass needle.
Madded	of Mad
Madding	of Mad
Mad	To make mad or furious; to madden.
Mad	To be mad; to go mad; to rave. See Madding.
Mad	An earthworm.
Madams	of Madam
Mesdames	of Madam
Madam	A gentlewoman; -- an appellation or courteous form of address given to a lady, especially an elderly or a married lady; -- much used in the address, at the beginning of a letter, to a woman. The corresponding word in addressing a man is Sir.
Mesdames	of Madame
Madame	My lady; -- a French title formerly given to ladies of quality; now, in France, given to all married women.
Mad-apple	See Eggplant.
Madbrain	Hot-headed; rash.
Madbrain	A rash or hot-headed person.
Madbrained	Disordered in mind; hot-headed.
Madcap	Inclined to wild sports; delighting in rash, absurd, or dangerous amusements.
Madcap	Wild; reckless.
Madcap	A person of wild behavior; an excitable, rash, violent person.
Maddened	of Madden
Maddening	of Madden
Madden	To make mad; to drive to madness; to craze; to excite violently with passion; to make very angry; to enrage.
Madden	To become mad; to act as if mad.
Madder	A plant of the Rubia (R. tinctorum). The root is much used in dyeing red, and formerly was used in medicine. It is cultivated in France and Holland. See Rubiaceous.
Madderwort	A name proposed for any plant of the same natural order (Rubiaceae) as the madder.
Madding	Affected with madness; raging; furious.
Maddish	Somewhat mad.
Made	See Mad, n.
Made	imp. & p. p. of Make.
Made	Artificially produced; pieced together; formed by filling in; as, made ground; a made mast, in distinction from one consisting of a single spar.
Madecass	Alt. of Madecassee
Madecassee	A native or inhabitant of Madagascar, or Madecassee; the language of the natives of Madagascar. See Malagasy.
Madecassee	Of or pertaining to Madagascar or its inhabitants.
Madefaction	Alt. of Madefication
Madefication	The act of madefying, or making wet; the state of that which is made wet.
Madefied	of Madefy
Madefying	of Madefy
Madefy	To make wet or moist.
Madegassy	See Madecassee.
Madeira	A rich wine made on the Island of Madeira.
Mesdemoiselles	of Mademoiselle
Mademoiselle	A French title of courtesy given to a girl or an unmarried lady, equivalent to the English Miss.
Mademoiselle	A marine food fish (Sciaena chrysura), of the Southern United States; -- called also yellowtail, and silver perch.
Madge	The barn owl.
Madge	The magpie.
Mad-headed	Wild; crack-brained.
Madhouse	A house where insane persons are confined; an insane asylum; a bedlam.
Madia	A genus of composite plants, of which one species (Madia sativa) is cultivated for the oil yielded from its seeds by pressure. This oil is sometimes used instead of olive oil for the table.
Madid	Wet; moist; as, a madid eye.
Madisterium	An instrument to extract hairs.
Madjoun	An intoxicating confection from the hemp plant; -- used by the Turks and Hindoos.
Madly	In a mad manner; without reason or understanding; wildly.
Madmen	of Madman
Madman	A man who is mad; lunatic; a crazy person.
Madnep	The masterwort (Peucedanum Ostruthium).
Madness	The condition of being mad; insanity; lunacy.
Madness	Frenzy; ungovernable rage; extreme folly.
Madonna	My lady; -- a term of address in Italian formerly used as the equivalent of Madame, but for which Signora is now substituted. Sometimes introduced into English.
Madonna	A picture of the Virgin Mary (usually with the babe).
Madoqua	A small Abyssinian antelope (Neotragus Saltiana), about the size of a hare.
Madrague	A large fish pound used for the capture of the tunny in the Mediterranean; also applied to the seines used for the same purpose.
Madreperl	Mother-of-pearl.
Madrepora	A genus of reef corals abundant in tropical seas. It includes than one hundred and fifty species, most of which are elegantly branched.
Madreporaria	An extensive division of Anthozoa, including most of the species that produce stony corals. See Illust. of Anthozoa.
Madrepore	Any coral of the genus Madrepora; formerly, often applied to any stony coral.
Madreporian	Alt. of Madreporic
Madreporic	Resembling, or pertaining to, the genus Madrepora.
Madreporiform	Resembling a madreporian coral in form or structure.
Madreporite	A fossil coral.
Madreporite	The madreporic plate of echinoderms.
Madrier	A thick plank, used for several mechanical purposes
Madrier	A plank to receive the mouth of a petard, with which it is applied to anything intended to be broken down.
Madrier	A plank or beam used for supporting the earth in mines or fortifications.
Madrigal	A little amorous poem, sometimes called a pastoral poem, containing some tender and delicate, though simple, thought.
Madrigal	An unaccompanied polyphonic song, in four, five, or more parts, set to secular words, but full of counterpoint and imitation, and adhering to the old church modes. Unlike the freer glee, it is best sung with several voices on a part. See Glee.
Madrigaler	A madrigalist.
Madrigalist	A composer of madrigals.
Madrilenian	Of or pertaining to Madrid in Spain, or to its inhabitants.
Madrilenian	A native or inhabitant of Madrid.
Madrina	An animal (usually an old mare), wearing a bell and acting as the leader of a troop of pack mules.
Madro–a	A small evergreen tree or shrub (Arbutus Menziesii), of California, having a smooth bark, thick shining leaves, and edible red berries, which are often called madro–a apples.
Madwort	A genus of cruciferous plants (Alyssum) with white or yellow flowers and rounded pods. A. maritimum is the commonly cultivated sweet alyssum, a fragrant white-flowered annual.
Maegbote	Alt. of Magbote
Magbote	Compensation for the injury done by slaying a kinsman.
Maelstrom	A celebrated whirlpool on the coast of Norway.
Maelstrom	Also Fig. ; as, a maelstrom of vice.
Maenad	A Bacchante; a priestess or votary of Bacchus.
Maenad	A frantic or frenzied woman.
Maestoso	Majestic or majestically; -- a direction to perform a passage or piece of music in a dignified manner.
Maestricht monitor	The Mosasaurus Hofmanni. See Mosasaurus.
Maestro	A master in any art, especially in music; a composer.
Maffle	To stammer.
Maffler	A stammerer.
Magazine	A receptacle in which anything is stored, especially military stores, as ammunition, arms, provisions, etc.
Magazine	The building or room in which the supply of powder is kept in a fortification or a ship.
Magazine	A chamber in a gun for holding a number of cartridges to be fed automatically to the piece.
Magazine	A pamphlet published periodically containing miscellaneous papers or compositions.
Magazined	of Magazine
Magazining	of Magazine
Magazine	To store in, or as in, a magazine; to store up for use.
Magaziner	One who edits or writes for a magazine.
Magazining	The act of editing, or writing for, a magazine.
Magazinist	One who edits or writes for a magazine.
Magbote	See Maegbote.
Magdala	Designating an orange-red dyestuff obtained from naphthylamine, and called magdala red, naphthalene red, etc.
Magdalen	A reformed prostitute.
Magdaleon	A medicine in the form of a roll, a esp. a roll of plaster.
Magdeburg	A city of Saxony.
Mage	A magician.
Magellanic	Of or pertaining to, or named from, Magellan, the navigator.
Magenta	An aniline dye obtained as an amorphous substance having a green bronze surface color, which dissolves to a shade of red; also, the color; -- so called from Magenta, in Italy, in allusion to the battle fought there about the time the dye was discovered. Called also fuchsine, roseine, etc.
Magged	Worn; fretted; as, a magged brace.
Maggiore	Greater, in respect to scales, intervals, etc., when used in opposition to minor; major.
Maggot	The footless larva of any fly. See Larval.
Maggot	A whim; an odd fancy.
Maggotiness	State of being maggoty.
Maggotish	Full of whims or fancies; maggoty.
Maggot-pie	A magpie.
Maggoty	Infested with maggots.
Maggoty	Full of whims; capricious.
Maghet	A name for daisies and camomiles of several kinds.
Magi	A caste of priests, philosophers, and magicians, among the ancient Persians; hence, any holy men or sages of the East.
Magian	Of or pertaining to the Magi.
Magian	One of the Magi, or priests of the Zoroastrian religion in Persia; an adherent of the Zoroastrian religion.
Magic	A comprehensive name for all of the pretended arts which claim to produce effects by the assistance of supernatural beings, or departed spirits, or by a mastery of secret forces in nature attained by a study of occult science, including enchantment, conjuration, witchcraft, sorcery, necromancy, incantation, etc.
Magic	Alt. of Magical
Magical	Pertaining to the hidden wisdom supposed to be possessed by the Magi; relating to the occult powers of nature, and the producing of effects by their agency.
Magical	Performed by, or proceeding from, occult and superhuman agencies; done by, or seemingly done by, enchantment or sorcery. Hence: Seemingly requiring more than human power; imposing or startling in performance; producing effects which seem supernatural or very extraordinary; having extraordinary properties; as, a magic lantern; a magic square or circle.
Magically	In a magical manner; by magic, or as if by magic.
Magician	One skilled in magic; one who practices the black art; an enchanter; a necromancer; a sorcerer or sorceress; a conjurer.
Magilp	Alt. of Magilph
Magilph	See Megilp.
Magister	Master; sir; -- a title of the Middle Ages, given to a person in authority, or to one having a license from a university to teach philosophy and the liberal arts.
Magisterial	Of or pertaining to a master or magistrate, or one in authority; having the manner of a magister; official; commanding; authoritative. Hence: Overbearing; dictatorial; dogmatic.
Magisterial	Pertaining to, produced by, or of the nature of, magistery. See Magistery, 2.
Magisteriality	Magisterialness; authoritativeness.
Magisterially	In a magisterial manner.
Magisterialness	The quality or state of being magisterial.
Magistery	Mastery; powerful medical influence; renowned efficacy; a sovereign remedy.
Magistery	A magisterial injunction.
Magistery	A precipitate; a fine substance deposited by precipitation; -- applied in old chemistry to certain white precipitates from metallic solutions; as, magistery of bismuth.
Magistracies	of Magistracy
Magistracy	The office or dignity of a magistrate.
Magistracy	The collective body of magistrates.
Magistral	Pertaining to a master; magisterial; authoritative; dogmatic.
Magistral	Commanded or prescribed by a magister, esp. by a doctor; hence, effectual; sovereign; as, a magistral sirup.
Magistral	Formulated extemporaneously, or for a special case; -- opposed to officinal, and said of prescriptions and medicines.
Magistral	A sovereign medicine or remedy.
Magistral	A magistral line.
Magistral	Powdered copper pyrites used in the amalgamation of ores of silver, as at the Spanish mines of Mexico and South America.
-ties	of Magistrality
Magistrality	Magisterialness; arbitrary dogmatism.
Magistrally	In a magistral manner.
Magistrate	A person clothed with power as a public civil officer; a public civil officer invested with the executive government, or some branch of it.
Magistratic	Alt. of Magistratical
Magistratical	Of, pertaining to, or proceeding from, a magistrate; having the authority of a magistrate.
Magistrature	Magistracy.
Magma	Any crude mixture of mineral or organic matters in the state of a thin paste.
Magma	A thick residuum obtained from certain substances after the fluid parts are expressed from them; the grounds which remain after treating a substance with any menstruum, as water or alcohol.
Magma	A salve or confection of thick consistency.
Magma	The molten matter within the earth, the source of the material of lava flows, dikes of eruptive rocks, etc.
Magma	The glassy base of an eruptive rock.
Magma	The amorphous or homogenous matrix or ground mass, as distinguished from well-defined crystals; as, the magma of porphyry.
Magna Charta	The great Charter, so called, obtained by the English barons from King John, A. D. 1215. This name is also given to the charter granted to the people of England in the ninth year of Henry III., and confirmed by Edward I.
Magna Charta	Hence, a fundamental constitution which guaranties rights and privileges.
Magnality	A great act or event; a great attainment.
Magnanimity	The quality of being magnanimous; greatness of mind; elevation or dignity of soul; that quality or combination of qualities, in character, which enables one to encounter danger and trouble with tranquility and firmness, to disdain injustice, meanness and revenge, and to act and sacrifice for noble objects.
Magnanimous	Great of mind; elevated in soul or in sentiment; raised above what is low, mean, or ungenerous; of lofty and courageous spirit; as, a magnanimous character; a magnanimous conqueror.
Magnanimous	Dictated by or exhibiting nobleness of soul; honorable; noble; not selfish.
Magnanimously	In a magnanimous manner; with greatness of mind.
Magnase black	A black pigment which dries rapidly when mixed with oil, and is of intense body.
Magnate	A person of rank; a noble or grandee; a person of influence or distinction in any sphere.
Magnate	One of the nobility, or certain high officers of state belonging to the noble estate in the national representation of Hungary, and formerly of Poland.
Magnes	Magnet.
Magnesia	A light earthy white substance, consisting of magnesium oxide, and obtained by heating magnesium hydrate or carbonate, or by burning magnesium. It has a slightly alkaline reaction, and is used in medicine as a mild antacid laxative. See Magnesium.
Magnesian	Pertaining to, characterized by, or containing, magnesia or magnesium.
Magnesic	Pertaining to, or containing, magnesium; as, magnesic oxide.
Magnesite	Native magnesium carbonate occurring in white compact or granular masses, and also in rhombohedral crystals.
Magnesium	A light silver-white metallic element, malleable and ductile, quite permanent in dry air but tarnishing in moist air. It burns, forming (the oxide) magnesia, with the production of a blinding light (the so-called magnesium light) which is used in signaling, in pyrotechny, or in photography where a strong actinic illuminant is required. Its compounds occur abundantly, as in dolomite, talc, meerschaum, etc. Symbol Mg. Atomic weight, 24.4. Specific gravity, 1.75.
Magnet	The loadstone; a species of iron ore (the ferrosoferric or magnetic ore, Fe3O4) which has the property of attracting iron and some of its ores, and, when freely suspended, of pointing to the poles; -- called also natural magnet.
Magnet	A bar or mass of steel or iron to which the peculiar properties of the loadstone have been imparted; -- called, in distinction from the loadstone, an artificial magnet.
Magnetic	Alt. of Magnetical
Magnetical	Pertaining to the magnet; possessing the properties of the magnet, or corresponding properties; as, a magnetic bar of iron; a magnetic needle.
Magnetical	Of or pertaining to, or characterized by, the earth's magnetism; as, the magnetic north; the magnetic meridian.
Magnetical	Capable of becoming a magnet; susceptible to magnetism; as, the magnetic metals.
Magnetical	Endowed with extraordinary personal power to excite the feelings and to win the affections; attractive; inducing attachment.
Magnetical	Having, susceptible to, or induced by, animal magnetism, so called; as, a magnetic sleep. See Magnetism.
Magnetic	A magnet.
Magnetic	Any metal, as iron, nickel, cobalt, etc., which may receive, by any means, the properties of the loadstone, and which then, when suspended, fixes itself in the direction of a magnetic meridian.
Magnetically	By or as by, magnetism.
Magneticalness	Quality of being magnetic.
Magnetician	One versed in the science of magnetism; a magnetist.
Maneticness	Magneticalness.
Magnetics	The science of magnetism.
Magnetiferous	Producing or conducting magnetism.
Magnetism	The property, quality, or state, of being magnetic; the manifestation of the force in nature which is seen in a magnet.
Magnetism	The science which treats of magnetic phenomena.
Magnetism	Power of attraction; power to excite the feelings and to gain the affections.
Magnetist	One versed in magnetism.
Magnetite	An oxide of iron (Fe3O4) occurring in isometric crystals, also massive, of a black color and metallic luster. It is readily attracted by a magnet and sometimes possesses polarity, being then called loadstone. It is an important iron ore. Called also magnetic iron.
Magnetizable	Capable of magnetized.
Magnetization	The act of magnetizing, or the state of being magnetized.
Magnetized	of Magnetize
Magnetizing	of Magnetize
Magnetize	To communicate magnetic properties to; as, to magnetize a needle.
Magnetize	To attract as a magnet attracts, or like a magnet; to move; to influence.
Magnetize	To bring under the influence of animal magnetism.
Magnetizee	A person subjected to the influence of animal magnetism.
Magnetizer	One who, or that which, imparts magnetism.
Magneto-	A prefix meaning pertaining to, produced by, or in some way connected with, magnetism.
Magneto-electric	Alt. of Magneto-electrical
Magneto-electrical	Pertaining to, or characterized by, electricity by the action of magnets; as, magneto-electric induction.
Magneto-electricity	Electricity evolved by the action of magnets.
Magneto-electricity	That branch of science which treats of the development of electricity by the action of magnets; -- the counterpart of electro-magnetism.
Magnetograph	An automatic instrument for registering, by photography or otherwise, the states and variations of any of the terrestrial magnetic elements.
Magnetometer	An instrument for measuring the intensity of magnetic forces; also, less frequently, an instrument for determining any of the terrestrial magnetic elements, as the dip and declination.
Magnetometric	Pertaining to, or employed in, the measurement of magnetic forces; obtained by means of a magnetometer; as, magnetometric instruments; magnetometric measurements.
Magnetomotor	A voltaic series of two or more large plates, producing a great quantity of electricity of low tension, and hence adapted to the exhibition of electro-magnetic phenomena.
Magnetotherapy	The treatment of disease by the application of magnets to the surface of the body.
Magnifiable	Such as can be magnified, or extolled.
Magnific	Alt. of Magnifical
Magnifical	Grand; splendid; illustrious; magnificent.
Magnificat	The song of the Virgin Mary, Luke i. 46; -- so called because it commences with this word in the Vulgate.
Magnificate	To magnify or extol.
Magnification	The act of magnifying; enlargement; exaggeration.
Magnificence	The act of doing what magnificent; the state or quality of being magnificent.
Magnificent	Doing grand things; admirable in action; displaying great power or opulence, especially in building, way of living, and munificence.
Magnificent	Grand in appearance; exhibiting grandeur or splendor; splendid' pompous.
Magnificently	In a Magnificent manner.
Magnificoes	of Magnifico
Magnifico	A grandee or nobleman of Venice; -- so called in courtesy.
Magnifico	A rector of a German university.
Magnifier	One who, or that which, magnifies.
Magnified	of Magnify
Magnifying	of Magnify
Magnify	To make great, or greater; to increase the dimensions of; to amplify; to enlarge, either in fact or in appearance; as, the microscope magnifies the object by a thousand diameters.
Magnify	To increase the importance of; to augment the esteem or respect in which one is held.
Magnify	To praise highly; to land; to extol.
Magnify	To exaggerate; as, to magnify a loss or a difficulty.
Magnify	To have the power of causing objects to appear larger than they really are; to increase the apparent dimensions of objects; as, some lenses magnify but little.
Magnify	To have effect; to be of importance or significance.
Magniloquence	The quality of being magniloquent; pompous discourse; grandiloquence.
Magniloquent	Speaking pompously; using swelling discourse; bombastic; tumid in style; grandiloquent.
Magniloquous	Magniloquent.
Magnitude	Extent of dimensions; size; -- applied to things that have length, breath, and thickness.
Magnitude	That which has one or more of the three dimensions, length, breadth, and thickness.
Magnitude	Anything of which greater or less can be predicated, as time, weight, force, and the like.
Magnitude	Greatness; grandeur.
Magnitude	Greatness, in reference to influence or effect; importance; as, an affair of magnitude.
Magnolia	A genus of American and Asiatic trees, with aromatic bark and large sweet-scented whitish or reddish flowers.
Magnoliaceous	Pertaining to a natural order (Magnoliaceae) of trees of which the magnolia, the tulip tree, and the star anise are examples.
Magnum	A large wine bottle.
Magnum	A bone of the carpus at the base of the third metacarpal bone.
Magot	The Barbary ape.
Magot-pie	A magpie.
Magpie	Any one of numerous species of the genus Pica and related genera, allied to the jays, but having a long graduated tail.
Maguari	A South American stork (Euxenara maguari), having a forked tail.
Maguey	The century plant, a species of Agave (A. Americana). See Agave.
Magyar	One of the dominant people of Hungary, allied to the Finns; a Hungarian.
Magyar	The language of the Magyars.
Maha	A kind of baboon; the wanderoo.
Mahabarata	Alt. of Mahabharatam
Mahabharatam	A celebrated epic poem of the Hindoos. It is of great length, and is chiefly devoted to the history of a civil war between two dynasties of ancient India.
Mahaled	A cherry tree (Prunus Mahaleb) of Southern Europe. The wood is prized by cabinetmakers, the twigs are used for pipe stems, the flowers and leaves yield a perfume, and from the fruit a violet dye and a fermented liquor (like kirschwasser) are prepared.
Maharajah	A sovereign prince in India; -- a title given also to other persons of high rank.
Maharif	An African antelope (Hippotragus Bakeri). Its face is striped with black and white.
Maharmah	A muslin wrapper for the head and the lower part of the face, worn by Turkish and Armenian women when they go abroad.
Mahdi	Among Mohammedans, the last imam or leader of the faithful. The Sunni, the largest sect of the Mohammedans, believe that he is yet to appear.
Mahl-stick	See Maul-stick.
Mahoe	A name given to several malvaceous trees (species of Hibiscus, Ochroma, etc.), and to their strong fibrous inner bark, which is used for strings and cordage.
Mahogany	A large tree of the genus Swietenia (S. Mahogoni), found in tropical America.
Mahogany	The wood of the Swietenia Mahogoni. It is of a reddish brown color, beautifully veined, very hard, and susceptible of a fine polish. It is used in the manufacture of furniture.
Mahogany	A table made of mahogany wood.
Maholi	A South African lemur (Galago maholi), having very large ears.
Mahomedan	Alt. of Mahometan
Mahometan	See Mohammedan.
Mahometanism	See Mohammedanism.
Mahometanized	of Mahometanize
Mahometanizing	of Mahometanize
Mahometanize	To convert to the religion of Mohammed; to Mohammedanize.
Mahometism	See Mohammedanism.
Mahometist	A Mohammedan.
Mahometry	Mohammedanism.
Mahone	A large Turkish ship.
Mahonia	The Oregon grape, a species of barberry (Berberis Aquifolium), often cultivated for its hollylike foliage.
Mahon stock	An annual cruciferous plant with reddish purple or white flowers (Malcolmia maritima). It is called in England Virginia stock, but the plant comes from the Mediterranean.
Mahoohoo	The African white two-horned rhinoceros (Atelodus simus).
Mahori	One of the dark race inhabiting principally the islands of Eastern Polynesia. Also used adjectively.
Mahound	A contemptuous name for Mohammed; hence, an evil spirit; a devil.
Mahout	The keeper and driver of an elephant.
Mahovo	A device for saving power in stopping and starting a railroad car, by means of a heavy fly wheel.
Mahrati	The language of the Mahrattas; the language spoken in the Deccan and Concan.
Mahratta	One of a numerous people inhabiting the southwestern part of India. Also, the language of the Mahrattas; Mahrati. It is closely allied to Sanskrit.
Mahratta	Of or pertaining to the Mahrattas.
Mahumetan	Alt. of Mahumetanism
Mahumetanism	See Mohammedan, Mohammedanism.
Mahwa tree	An East Indian sapotaceous tree (Bassia latifolia, and also B. butyracea), whose timber is used for wagon wheels, and the flowers for food and in preparing an intoxicating drink. It is one of the butter trees. The oil, known as mahwa and yallah, is obtained from the kernels of the fruit.
Maia	A genus of spider crabs, including the common European species (Maia squinado).
Maia	A beautiful American bombycid moth (Eucronia maia).
Maian	Any spider crab of the genus Maia, or family Maiadae.
Maid	An unmarried woman; usually, a young unmarried woman; esp., a girl; a virgin; a maiden.
Maid	A man who has not had sexual intercourse.
Maid	A female servant.
Maid	The female of a ray or skate, esp. of the gray skate (Raia batis), and of the thornback (R. clavata).
Maiden	An unmarried woman; a girl or woman who has not experienced sexual intercourse; a virgin; a maid.
Maiden	A female servant.
Maiden	An instrument resembling the guillotine, formerly used in Scotland for beheading criminals.
Maiden	A machine for washing linen.
Maiden	Of or pertaining to a maiden, or to maidens; suitable to, or characteristic of, a virgin; as, maiden innocence.
Maiden	Never having been married; not having had sexual intercourse; virgin; -- said usually of the woman, but sometimes of the man; as, a maiden aunt.
Maiden	Fresh; innocent; unpolluted; pure; hitherto unused.
Maiden	Used of a fortress, signifying that it has never been captured, or violated.
Maiden	To act coyly like a maiden; -- with it as an indefinite object.
Maidenhair	A fern of the genus Adiantum (A. pedatum), having very slender graceful stalks. It is common in the United States, and is sometimes used in medicine. The name is also applied to other species of the same genus, as to the Venus-hair.
Maidenhead	The state of being a maiden; maidenhood; virginity.
Maidenhead	The state of being unused or uncontaminated; freshness; purity.
Maidenhead	The hymen, or virginal membrane.
Maidenhood	The state of being a maid or a virgin; virginity.
Maidenhood	Newness; freshness; uncontaminated state.
Maidenlike	Like a maiden; modest; coy.
Maidenliness	The quality of being maidenly; the behavior that becomes a maid; modesty; gentleness.
Maidenly	Like a maid; suiting a maid; maiden-like; gentle, modest, reserved.
Maidenly	In a maidenlike manner.
Maidenship	Maidenhood.
Maidhood	Maidenhood.
Maidmarian	The lady of the May games; one of the characters in a morris dance; a May queen. Afterward, a grotesque character personated in sports and buffoonery by a man in woman's clothes.
Maidmarian	A kind of dance.
Maidpale	Pale, like a sick girl.
Maidservant	A female servant.
Maid's hair	The yellow bedstraw (Galium verum).
Maieutic	Alt. of Maieutical
Maieutical	Serving to assist childbirth.
Maieutical	Fig. : Aiding, or tending to, the definition and interpretation of thoughts or language.
Maieutics	The art of giving birth (i. e., clearness and conviction) to ideas, which are conceived as struggling for birth.
Maiger	The meagre.
Maigre	Belonging to a fast day or fast; as, a maigre day.
Maihem	See Maim, and Mayhem.
Maikel	A South American carnivore of the genus Conepatus, allied to the skunk, but larger, and having a longer snout. The tail is not bushy.
Maikong	A South American wild dog (Canis cancrivorus); the crab-eating dog.
Mail	A spot.
Mail	A small piece of money; especially, an English silver half-penny of the time of Henry V.
Mail	Rent; tribute.
Mail	A flexible fabric made of metal rings interlinked. It was used especially for defensive armor.
Mail	Hence generally, armor, or any defensive covering.
Mail	A contrivance of interlinked rings, for rubbing off the loose hemp on lines and white cordage.
Mail	Any hard protective covering of an animal, as the scales and plates of reptiles, shell of a lobster, etc.
Mail	To arm with mail.
Mail	To pinion.
Mail	A bag; a wallet.
Mail	The bag or bags with the letters, papers, papers, or other matter contained therein, conveyed under public authority from one post office to another; the whole system of appliances used by government in the conveyance and delivery of mail matter.
Mail	That which comes in the mail; letters, etc., received through the post office.
Mail	A trunk, box, or bag, in which clothing, etc., may be carried.
Mailed	of Mail
Mailing	of Mail
Mail	To deliver into the custody of the postoffice officials, or place in a government letter box, for transmission by mail; to post; as, to mail a letter.
Mailable	Admissible lawfully into the mail.
Mailclad	Protected by a coat of mail; clad in armor.
Mailed	Protected by an external coat, or covering, of scales or plates.
Mailed	Spotted; speckled.
Mailing	A farm.
Mail-shell	A chiton.
Maimed	of Maim
Maiming	of Maim
Maim	To deprive of the use of a limb, so as to render a person on fighting less able either to defend himself or to annoy his adversary.
Maim	To mutilate; to cripple; to injure; to disable; to impair.
Maim	The privation of the use of a limb or member of the body, by which one is rendered less able to defend himself or to annoy his adversary.
Maim	The privation of any necessary part; a crippling; mutilation; injury; deprivation of something essential. See Mayhem.
Maimedly	In a maimed manner.
Maimedness	State of being maimed.
Main	A hand or match at dice.
Main	A stake played for at dice.
Main	The largest throw in a match at dice; a throw at dice within given limits, as in the game of hazard.
Main	A match at cockfighting.
Main	A main-hamper.
Main	Strength; force; might; violent effort.
Main	The chief or principal part; the main or most important thing.
Main	The great sea, as distinguished from an arm, bay, etc. ; the high sea; the ocean.
Main	The continent, as distinguished from an island; the mainland.
Main	principal duct or pipe, as distinguished from lesser ones; esp. (Engin.), a principal pipe leading to or from a reservoir; as, a fire main.
Main	Very or extremely strong.
Main	Vast; huge.
Main	Unqualified; absolute; entire; sheer.
Main	Principal; chief; first in size, rank, importance, etc.
Main	Important; necessary.
Main	Very; extremely; as, main heavy.
Maine	One of the New England States.
Main-gauche	The dagger held in the left hand, while the rapier is held in the right; -- used to parry thrusts of the adversary's rapier.
Main-hamper	A hamper to be carried in the hand; a hand basket used in carrying grapes to the press.
Mainland	The continent; the principal land; -- opposed to island, or peninsula.
Mainly	Very strongly; mightily; to a great degree.
Mainly	Principally; chiefly.
Mainmast	The principal mast in a ship or other vessel.
Mainor	A thing stolen found on the person of the thief.
Mainpernable	Capable of being admitted to give surety by mainpernors; able to be mainprised.
Mainpernor	A surety, under the old writ of mainprise, for a prisoner's appearance in court at a day.
Mainpin	A kingbolt.
Mainprise	A writ directed to the sheriff, commanding him to take sureties, called mainpernors, for the prisoner's appearance, and to let him go at large. This writ is now obsolete.
Mainprise	Deliverance of a prisoner on security for his appearance at a day.
Mainprised	of Mainprise
Mainprising	of Mainprise
Mainprise	To suffer to go at large, on his finding sureties, or mainpernors, for his appearance at a day; -- said of a prisoner.
Mains	The farm attached to a mansion house.
Mainsail	The principal sail in a ship or other vessel.
Mainsheet	One of the ropes by which the mainsail is hauled aft and trimmed.
Mainspring	The principal or most important spring in a piece of mechanism, especially the moving spring of a watch or clock or the spring in a gunlock which impels the hammer. Hence: The chief or most powerful motive; the efficient cause of action.
Mainstay	The stay extending from the foot of the foremast to the maintop.
Mainstay	Main support; principal dependence.
Mainswear	To swear falsely.
Maintained	of Maintain
Maintaining	of Maintain
Maintain	To hold or keep in any particular state or condition; to support; to sustain; to uphold; to keep up; not to suffer to fail or decline; as, to maintain a certain degree of heat in a furnace; to maintain a fence or a railroad; to maintain the digestive process or powers of the stomach; to maintain the fertility of soil; to maintain present reputation.
Maintain	To keep possession of; to hold and defend; not to surrender or relinquish.
Maintain	To continue; not to suffer to cease or fail.
Maintain	To bear the expense of; to support; to keep up; to supply with what is needed.
Maintain	To affirm; to support or defend by argument.
Maintainable	That maybe maintained.
Maintainer	One who maintains.
Maintainor	One who, not being interested, maintains a cause depending between others, by furnishing money, etc., to either party.
Maintenance	The act of maintaining; sustenance; support; defense; vindication.
Maintenance	That which maintains or supports; means of sustenance; supply of necessaries and conveniences.
Maintenance	An officious or unlawful intermeddling in a cause depending between others, by assisting either party with money or means to carry it on. See Champerty.
Maintop	The platform about the head of the mainmast in square-rigged vessels.
Main yard	The yard on which the mainsail is extended, supported by the mainmast.
Maioid	Of or pertaining to the genus Maia, or family Maiadeae.
Maister	Master.
Maister	Principal; chief.
Maistre	Alt. of Maistry
Maistrie	Alt. of Maistry
Maistry	Mastery; superiority; art. See Mastery.
Maistress	Mistress.
Maithes	Same as Maghet.
Maize	A large species of American grass of the genus Zea (Z. Mays), widely cultivated as a forage and food plant; Indian corn. Also, its seed, growing on cobs, and used as food for men animals.
Majestatic	Alt. of Majestatal
Majestatal	Majestic.
Majestic	Possessing or exhibiting majesty; of august dignity, stateliness, or imposing grandeur; lofty; noble; grand.
Majestical	Majestic.
Majesticness	The quality or state of being majestic.
Majesties	of Majesty
Majesty	The dignity and authority of sovereign power; quality or state which inspires awe or reverence; grandeur; exalted dignity, whether proceeding from rank, character, or bearing; imposing loftiness; stateliness; -- usually applied to the rank and dignity of sovereigns.
Majesty	Hence, used with the possessive pronoun, the title of an emperor, king or queen; -- in this sense taking a plural; as, their majesties attended the concert.
Majesty	Dignity; elevation of manner or style.
Majolica	A kind of pottery, with opaque glazing and showy, which reached its greatest perfection in Italy in the 16th century.
Major	Greater in number, quantity, or extent; as, the major part of the assembly; the major part of the revenue; the major part of the territory.
Major	Of greater dignity; more important.
Major	Of full legal age.
Major	Greater by a semitone, either in interval or in difference of pitch from another tone.
Major	An officer next in rank above a captain and next below a lieutenant colonel; the lowest field officer.
Major	A person of full age.
Major	That premise which contains the major term. It its the first proposition of a regular syllogism; as: No unholy person is qualified for happiness in heaven [the major]. Every man in his natural state is unholy [minor]. Therefore, no man in his natural state is qualified for happiness in heaven [conclusion or inference].
Major	A mayor.
Majorat	The right of succession to property according to age; -- so termed in some of the countries of continental Europe.
Majorat	Property, landed or funded, so attached to a title of honor as to descend with it.
Majorate	The office or rank of a major.
Majorate	To augment; to increase.
Majoration	Increase; enlargement.
Majorcan	Of or pertaining to Majorca.
Majorcan	A native or inhabitant of Majorca.
Major-domo	A man who has authority to act, within certain limits, as master of the house; a steward; also, a chief minister or officer.
Major general	An officer of the army holding a rank next above that of brigadier general and next below that of lieutenant general, and who usually commands a division or a corps.
Majorities	of Majority
Majority	The quality or condition of being major or greater; superiority.
Majority	The military rank of a major.
Majority	The condition of being of full age, or authorized by law to manage one's own affairs.
Majority	The greater number; more than half; as, a majority of mankind; a majority of the votes cast.
Majority	Ancestors; ancestry.
Majority	The amount or number by which one aggregate exceeds all other aggregates with which it is contrasted; especially, the number by which the votes for a successful candidate exceed those for all other candidates; as, he is elected by a majority of five hundred votes. See Plurality.
Majorship	The office of major.
Majoun	See Madjoun.
Majusculae	Capital letters, as found in manuscripts of the sixth century and earlier.
Majuscule	A capital letter; especially, one used in ancient manuscripts. See Majusculae.
Makable	Capable of being made.
Makaron	See Macaroon, 2.
Make	A companion; a mate; often, a husband or a wife.
Made	of Make
Making	of Make
Make	To cause to exist; to bring into being; to form; to produce; to frame; to fashion; to create.
Make	To form of materials; to cause to exist in a certain form; to construct; to fabricate.
Make	To produce, as something artificial, unnatural, or false; -- often with up; as, to make up a story.
Make	To bring about; to bring forward; to be the cause or agent of; to effect, do, perform, or execute; -- often used with a noun to form a phrase equivalent to the simple verb that corresponds to such noun; as, to make complaint, for to complain; to make record of, for to record; to make abode, for to abide, etc.
Make	To execute with the requisite formalities; as, to make a bill, note, will, deed, etc.
Make	To gain, as the result of one's efforts; to get, as profit; to make acquisition of; to have accrue or happen to one; as, to make a large profit; to make an error; to make a loss; to make money.
Make	To find, as the result of calculation or computation; to ascertain by enumeration; to find the number or amount of, by reckoning, weighing, measurement, and the like; as, he made the distance of; to travel over; as, the ship makes ten knots an hour; he made the distance in one day.
Make	To put a desired or desirable condition; to cause to thrive.
Make	To cause to be or become; to put into a given state verb, or adjective; to constitute; as, to make known; to make public; to make fast.
Make	To cause to appear to be; to constitute subjectively; to esteem, suppose, or represent.
Make	To require; to constrain; to compel; to force; to cause; to occasion; -- followed by a noun or pronoun and infinitive.
Make	To become; to be, or to be capable of being, changed or fashioned into; to do the part or office of; to furnish the material for; as, he will make a good musician; sweet cider makes sour vinegar; wool makes warm clothing.
Make	To compose, as parts, ingredients, or materials; to constitute; to form; to amount to.
Make	To be engaged or concerned in.
Make	To reach; to attain; to arrive at or in sight of.
Make	To act in a certain manner; to have to do; to manage; to interfere; to be active; -- often in the phrase to meddle or make.
Make	To proceed; to tend; to move; to go; as, he made toward home; the tiger made at the sportsmen.
Make	To tend; to contribute; to have effect; -- with for or against; as, it makes for his advantage.
Make	To increase; to augment; to accrue.
Make	To compose verses; to write poetry; to versify.
Make	Structure, texture, constitution of parts; construction; shape; form.
Makebate	One who excites contentions and quarrels.
Make-belief	A feigning to believe; make believe.
Make-believe	A feigning to believe, as in the play of children; a mere pretense; a fiction; an invention.
Make-believe	Feigned; insincere.
Maked	Made.
Make-game	An object of ridicule; a butt.
Makeless	Matchless.
Makeless	Without a mate.
Make-peace	A peacemaker.
Maker	One who makes, forms, or molds; a manufacturer; specifically, the Creator.
Maker	The person who makes a promissory note.
Maker	One who writes verses; a poet.
Makeshift	That with which one makes shift; a temporary expedient.
Make-up	The way in which the parts of anything are put together; often, the way in which an actor is dressed, painted, etc., in personating a character.
Makeweight	That which is thrown into a scale to make weight; something of little account added to supply a deficiency or fill a gap.
Maki	A lemur. See Lemur.
Making	The act of one who makes; workmanship; fabrication; construction; as, this is cloth of your own making; the making of peace or war was in his power.
Making	Composition, or structure.
Making	a poem.
Making	That which establishes or places in a desirable state or condition; the material of which something may be made; as, early misfortune was the making of him.
Making	External appearance; from.
Making-iron	A tool somewhat like a chisel with a groove in it, used by calkers of ships to finish the seams after the oakum has been driven in.
Making-up	The act of bringing spirits to a certain degree of strength, called proof.
Making-up	The act of becoming reconciled or friendly.
Mal-	A prefix in composition denoting ill,or evil, F. male, adv., fr. malus, bad, ill. In some words it has the form male-, as in malediction, malevolent. See Malice.
Mala	Evils; wrongs; offenses against right and law.
Malabar	A region in the western part of the Peninsula of India, between the mountains and the sea.
Malacatune	See Melocoton.
Malacca	A town and district upon the seacoast of the Malay Peninsula.
Malachite	Native hydrous carbonate of copper, usually occurring in green mammillary masses with concentric fibrous structure.
Malacissant	Softening; relaxing.
Malacissation	The act of making soft or supple.
Malacobdella	A genus of nemertean worms, parasitic in the gill cavity of clams and other bivalves. They have a large posterior sucker, like that of a leech. See Illust. of Bdellomorpha.
Malacoderm	One of a tribe of beetles (Malacodermata), with a soft and flexible body, as the fireflies.
Malacolite	A variety of pyroxene.
Malacologist	One versed in the science of malacology.
Malacology	The science which relates to the structure and habits of mollusks.
Malacopoda	A class of air-breathing Arthropoda; -- called also Protracheata, and Onychophora.
Malacopterygian	One of the Malacopterygii.
Malacopterygii	An order of fishes in which the fin rays, except the anterior ray of the pectoral and dorsal fins, are closely jointed, and not spiny. It includes the carp, pike, salmon, shad, etc. Called also Malacopteri.
Malacopterygious	Belonging to the Malacopterygii.
Malacosteon	A peculiar disease of the bones, in consequence of which they become softened and capable of being bent without breaking.
Malacostomous	Having soft jaws without teeth, as certain fishes.
Malacostraca	A subclass of Crustacea, including Arthrostraca and Thoracostraca, or all those higher than the Entomostraca.
Malacostracan	One of the Malacostraca.
Malacostracology	That branch of zoological science which relates to the crustaceans; -- called also carcinology.
Malacostracous	Belonging to the Malacostraca.
Malacotoon	See Melocoton.
Malacozoa	An extensive group of Invertebrata, including the Mollusca, Brachiopoda, and Bryozoa. Called also Malacozoaria.
Malacozoic	Of or pertaining to the Malacozoa.
Maladdress	Bad address; an awkward, tactless, or offensive way of accosting one or talking with one.
Maladjustment	A bad adjustment.
Maladministration	Bad administration; bad management of any business, especially of public affairs.
Maladroit	Of a quality opposed to adroitness; clumsy; awkward; unskillful.
Maladies	of Malady
Malady	Any disease of the human body; a distemper, disorder, or indisposition, proceeding from impaired, defective, or morbid organic functions; especially, a lingering or deep-seated disorder.
Malady	A moral or mental defect or disorder.
Malaga	A city and a province of Spain, on the Mediterranean.  Hence, Malaga grapes, Malaga raisins, Malaga wines.
Malagash	Same as Malagasy.
Malagasy	A native or natives of Madagascar; also (sing.), the language.
Malaise	An indefinite feeling of uneasiness, or of being sick or ill at ease.
Malamate	A salt of malamic acid.
Malambo	A yellowish aromatic bark, used in medicine and perfumery, said to be from the South American shrub Croton Malambo.
Malamethane	A white crystalline substance forming the ethyl salt of malamic acid.
Malamic	Of or pertaining an acid intermediate between malic acid and malamide, and known only by its salts.
Malamide	The acid amide derived from malic acid, as a white crystalline substance metameric with asparagine.
Malanders	A scurfy eruption in the bend of the knee of the fore leg of a horse. See Sallenders.
Malapert	Bold; forward; impudent; saucy; pert.
Malapert	A malapert person.
Malapropism	A grotesque misuse of a word; a word so used.
Malapropos	Unseasonable or unseasonably; unsuitable or unsuitably.
Malapterurus	A genus of African siluroid fishes, including the electric catfishes. See Electric cat, under Electric.
Malar	Of or pertaining to the region of the cheek bone, or to the malar bone; jugal.
Malar	The cheek bone, which forms a part of the lower edge of the orbit.
Malaria	Air infected with some noxious substance capable of engendering disease; esp., an unhealthy exhalation from certain soils, as marshy or wet lands, producing fevers; miasma.
Malaria	A morbid condition produced by exhalations from decaying vegetable matter in contact with moisture, giving rise to fever and ague and many other symptoms characterized by their tendency to recur at definite and usually uniform intervals.
Malarial	Alt. of Malarious
Malarian	Alt. of Malarious
Malarious	Of or pertaining, to or infected by, malaria.
Malashaganay	The fresh-water drumfish (Haploidonotus grunniens).
Malassimilation	Imperfect digestion of the several leading constituents of the food.
Malassimilation	An imperfect elaboration by the tissues of the materials brought to them by the blood.
Malate	A salt of malic acid.
Malax	Alt. of Malaxate
Malaxate	To soften by kneading or stirring with some thinner substance.
Malaxation	The act of softening by mixing with a thinner substance; the formation of ingredients into a mass for pills or plasters.
Malaxator	One who, or that which, malaxates; esp., a machine for grinding, kneading, or stirring into a pasty or doughy mass.
Malay	One of a race of a brown or copper complexion in the Malay Peninsula and the western islands of the Indian Archipelago.
Malay	Alt. of Malayan
Malayan	Of or pertaining to the Malays or their country.
Malayan	The Malay language.
Malayalam	The name given to one the cultivated Dravidian languages, closely related to the Tamil.
Malbrouck	A West African arboreal monkey (Cercopithecus cynosurus).
Malconformation	Imperfect, disproportionate, or abnormal formation; ill form; disproportion of parts.
Malcontent	discontented; uneasy; dissatisfied; especially, dissatisfied with the government.
Malcontent	One who discontented; especially, a discontented subject of a government; one who express his discontent by words or overt acts.
Malcontented	Malcontent.
Maldanian	Any species of marine annelids of the genus Maldane, or family Maldanidae. They have a slender, round body, and make tubes in the sand or mud.
Male-	See Mal-.
Male	Evil; wicked; bad.
Male	Same as Mail, a bag.
Male	Of or pertaining to the sex that begets or procreates young, or (in a wider sense) to the sex that produces spermatozoa, by which the ova are fertilized; not female; as, male organs.
Male	Capable of producing fertilization, but not of bearing fruit; -- said of stamens and antheridia, and of the plants, or parts of plants, which bear them.
Male	Suitable to the male sex; characteristic or suggestive of a male; masculine; as, male courage.
Male	Consisting of males; as, a male choir.
Male	Adapted for entering another corresponding piece (the female piece) which is hollow and which it fits; as, a male gauge, for gauging the size or shape of a hole; a male screw, etc.
Male	An animal of the male sex.
Male	A plant bearing only staminate flowers.
Naleadministration	Maladministration.
Maleate	A salt of maleic acid.
Malebranchism	The philosophical system of Malebranche, an eminent French metaphysician. The fundamental doctrine of his system is that the mind can not have knowledge of anything external to itself except in its relation to God.
Maleconformation	Malconformation.
Malecontent	Malcontent.
Maledicency	Evil speaking.
Maledicent	Speaking reproachfully; slanderous.
Maledict	Accursed; abominable.
Malediction	A proclaiming of evil against some one; a cursing; imprecation; a curse or execration; -- opposed to benediction.
Malefaction	A crime; an offense; an evil deed.
Malefactor	An evil doer; one who commits a crime; one subject to public prosecution and punishment; a criminal.
Malefactor	One who does wrong by injuring another, although not a criminal.
Malefactress	A female malefactor.
Malefeasance	See Malfeasance.
Malefic	Doing mischief; causing harm or evil; nefarious; hurtful.
Malefice	An evil deed; artifice; enchantment.
Maleficence	Evil doing, esp. to others.
Maleficent	Doing evil to others; harmful; mischievous.
Maleficial	Injurious.
Maleficiate	To bewitch; to harm.
Maleficiation	A bewitching.
Maleficience	The doing of evil, harm, or mischief.
Maleficient	Doing evil, harm, or mischief.
Maleformation	See Malformation.
Maleic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid of the ethylene series, metameric with fumaric acid and obtained by heating malic acid.
Malengine	Evil machination; guile; deceit.
Maleo	A bird of Celebes (megacephalon maleo), allied to the brush turkey. It makes mounds in which to lay its eggs.
Male-odor	See Malodor.
Malepractice	See Malpractice.
Male-spirited	Having the spirit of a male; vigorous; courageous.
Malet	A little bag or budget.
Maletreat	See Maltreat.
Malevolence	The quality or state of being malevolent; evil disposition toward another; inclination to injure others; ill will. See Synonym of Malice.
Malevolent	Wishing evil; disposed to injure others; rejoicing in another's misfortune.
Malevolently	In a malevolent manner.
Malevolous	Malevolent.
Malexecution	Bad execution.
Maleyl	A hypothetical radical derived from maleic acid.
Malfeasance	The doing of an act which a person ought not to do; evil conduct; an illegal deed.
Malformation	Ill formation; irregular or anomalous formation; abnormal or wrong conformation or structure.
Malgracious	Not graceful; displeasing.
Malgre	See Mauger.
Malic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, apples; as, malic acid.
Malice	Enmity of heart; malevolence; ill will; a spirit delighting in harm or misfortune to another; a disposition to injure another; a malignant design of evil.
Malice	Any wicked or mischievous intention of the mind; a depraved inclination to mischief; an intention to vex, annoy, or injure another person, or to do a wrongful act without just cause or cause or excuse; a wanton disregard of the rights or safety of others; willfulness.
Malice	To regard with extreme ill will.
Malicho	Mischief.
Malicious	Indulging or exercising malice; harboring ill will or enmity.
Malicious	Proceeding from hatred or ill will; dictated by malice; as, a malicious report; malicious mischief.
Malicious	With wicked or mischievous intentions or motives; wrongful and done intentionally without just cause or excuse; as, a malicious act.
Malign	Having an evil disposition toward others; harboring violent enmity; malevolent; malicious; spiteful; -- opposed to benign.
Malign	Unfavorable; unpropitious; pernicious; tending to injure; as, a malign aspect of planets.
Malign	Malignant; as, a malign ulcer.
Maligned	of Malign
Maligning	of Malign
Malign	To treat with malice; to show hatred toward; to abuse; to wrong; to injure.
Malign	To speak great evil of; to traduce; to defame; to slander; to vilify; to asperse.
Malign	To entertain malice.
Malignance	Alt. of Malignancy
Malignancy	The state or quality of being malignant; extreme malevolence; bitter enmity; malice; as, malignancy of heart.
Malignancy	Unfavorableness; evil nature.
Malignancy	Virulence; tendency to a fatal issue; as, the malignancy of an ulcer or of a fever.
Malignancy	The state of being a malignant.
Malignant	Disposed to do harm, inflict suffering, or cause distress; actuated by extreme malevolence or enmity; virulently inimical; bent on evil; malicious.
Malignant	Characterized or caused by evil intentions; pernicious.
Malignant	Tending to produce death; threatening a fatal issue; virulent; as, malignant diphtheria.
Malignant	A man of extrems enmity or evil intentions.
Malignant	One of the adherents of Charles L. or Charles LL.; -- so called by the opposite party.
Malignantly	In a malignant manner.
Maligner	One who maligns.
Malignified	of Malignify
Malignifying	of Malignify
Malignify	To make malign or malignant.
Malignity	The state or quality of being malignant; disposition to do evil; virulent enmity; malignancy; malice; spite.
Malignity	Virulence; deadly quality.
Malignity	Extreme evilness of nature or influence; perniciousness; heinousness; as, the malignity of fraud.
Malignly	In a malign manner; with malignity.
MAlingered	of Malinger
Malingering	of Malinger
Malinger	To act the part of a malingerer; to feign illness or inability.
Malingerer	In the army, a soldier who feigns himself sick, or who induces or protracts an illness, in order to avoid doing his duty; hence, in general, one who shirks his duty by pretending illness or inability.
Malingery	The spirit or practices of a malingerer; malingering.
Malison	Malediction; curse; execration.
Malkin	Originally, a kitchenmaid; a slattern.
Malkin	A mop made of clouts, used by the kitchen servant.
Malkin	A scarecrow.
Malkin	A mop or sponge attached to a jointed staff for swabbing out a cannon.
Mall	A large heavy wooden beetle; a mallet for driving anything with force; a maul.
Mall	A heavy blow.
Mall	An old game played with malls or mallets and balls. See Pall-mall.
Mall	A place where the game of mall was played. Hence: A public walk; a level shaded walk.
Malled	of Mall
Malling	of Mall
Mall	To beat with a mall; to beat with something heavy; to bruise; to maul.
Mall	Formerly, among Teutonic nations, a meeting of the notables of a state for the transaction of public business, such meeting being a modification of the ancient popular assembly.
Mall	A court of justice.
Mall	A place where justice is administered.
Mall	A place where public meetings are held.
Mallard	A drake; the male of Anas boschas.
Mallard	A large wild duck (Anas boschas) inhabiting both America and Europe. The domestic duck has descended from this species. Called also greenhead.
Malleability	The quality or state of being malleable; -- opposed to friability and brittleness.
Malleable	Capable of being extended or shaped by beating with a hammer, or by the pressure of rollers; -- applied to metals.
Malleableize	To make malleable.
Malleableness	Quality of being malleable.
Malleal	Pertaining to the malleus.
Malleated	of Malleate
Malleating	of Malleate
Malleate	To hammer; to beat into a plate or leaf.
Malleation	The act or process of beating into a plate, sheet, or leaf, as a metal; extension by beating.
Mallecho	Same as Malicho.
Mallee bird	The leipoa. See Leipoa.
Mallemock	Alt. of Mallemoke
Mallemoke	See Mollemoke.
Mallenders	Same as Malanders.
Malleolar	Of or pertaining to the malleolus; in the region of the malleoli of the ankle joint.
Malleoli	of Malleolus
Malleolus	A projection at the distal end of each bone of the leg at the ankle joint. The malleolus of the tibia is the internal projection, that of the fibula the external.
Malleolus	" A layer, " a shoot partly buried in the ground, and there cut halfway through.
Mallet	A small maul with a short handle, -- used esp. for driving a tool, as a chisel or the like; also, a light beetle with a long handle, -- used in playing croquet.
Mallei	of Malleus
Malleus	The outermost of the three small auditory bones, ossicles; the hammer. It is attached to the tympanic membrane by a long process, the handle or manubrium. See Illust. of Far.
Malleus	One of the hard lateral pieces of the mastax of Rotifera. See Mastax.
Malleus	A genus of bivalve shells; the hammer shell.
Mallophaga	An extensive group of insects which are parasitic on birds and mammals, and feed on the feathers and hair; -- called also bird lice. See Bird louse, under Bird.
Mallotus	A genus of small Arctic fishes. One American species, the capelin (Mallotus villosus), is extensively used as bait for cod.
Mallow	Alt. of Mallows
Mallows	A genus of plants (Malva) having mucilaginous qualities. See Malvaceous.
Mallowwort	Any plant of the order Malvaceae.
Malm	Alt. of Malmbrick
Malmbrick	A kind of brick of a light brown or yellowish color, made of sand, clay, and chalk.
Malma	A spotted trout (Salvelinus malma), inhabiting Northern America, west of the Rocky Mountains; -- called also Dolly Varden trout, bull trout, red-spotted trout, and golet.
Malmag	The tarsius, or spectral lemur.
Malmsey	A kind of sweet wine from Crete, the Canary Islands, etc.
Malnutrition	Faulty or imperfect nutrition.
Malobservation	Erroneous observation.
Malodor	An Offensive to the sense of smell; ill-smelling.
Malonate	At salt of malonic acid.
Malonic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid produced artifically as a white crystalline substance, CH2.(CO2H)2, and so called because obtained by the oxidation of malic acid.
Malonyl	A hydrocarbon radical, CH2.(CO)2, from malonic acid.
Malpighia	A genus of tropical American shrubs with opposite leaves and small white or reddish flowers. The drupes of Malpighia urens are eaten under the name of Barbadoes cherries.
Malpighiaceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a natural order of tropical trees and shrubs (Malpighiaceae), some of them climbing plants, and their stems forming many of the curious lianes of South American forests.
Malpighian	Of, pertaining to, or discovered by, Marcello Malpighi, an Italian anatomist of the 17th century.
Malposition	A wrong position.
Malpractice	Evil practice; illegal or immoral conduct; practice contrary to established rules; specifically, the treatment of a case by a surgeon or physician in a manner which is contrary to accepted rules and productive of unfavorable results.
Malt	Barley or other grain, steeped in water and dried in a kiln, thus forcing germination until the saccharine principle has been evolved. It is used in brewing and in the distillation of whisky.
Malt	Relating to, containing, or made with, malt.
Malted	of Malt
Malting	of Malt
Malt	To make into malt; as, to malt barley.
Malt	To become malt; also, to make grain into malt.
Maltalent	Ill will; malice.
Maltese	Of or pertaining to Malta or to its inhabitants.
Maltese	A native or inhabitant of Malta; the people of Malta.
Maltha	A variety of bitumen, viscid and tenacious, like pitch, unctuous to the touch, and exhaling a bituminous odor.
Maltha	Mortar.
Malthusian	Of or pertaining to the political economist, the Rev. T. R. Malthus, or conforming to his views; as, Malthusian theories.
Mathusian	A follower of Malthus.
Malthusianism	The system of Malthusian doctrines relating to population.
Maltin	Alt. of Maltine
Maltine	The fermentative principle of malt; malt diastase; also, a name given to various medicinal preparations made from or containing malt.
Malting	The process of making, or of becoming malt.
Maltmen	of Maltman
Maltman	A man whose occupation is to make malt.
Maltonic	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, maltose; specif., designating an acid called also gluconic or dextronic acid. See Gluconic.
Maltose	A crystalline sugar formed from starch by the action of distance of malt, and the amylolytic ferment of saliva and pancreatic juice. It resembles dextrose, but rotates the plane of polarized light further to the right and possesses a lower cupric oxide reducing power.
Maltreated	of Maltreat
Maltreating	of Maltreat
Maltreat	To treat ill; to abuse; to treat roughly.
Maltreament	Ill treatment; ill usage; abuse.
Maltster	A maltman.
Maltworm	A tippler.
Malty	Consisting, or like, malt.
Mala	of Malum
Malum	An evil. See Mala.
Malvaceous	Pertaining to, or resembling, a natural order of plants (Malvaceae), of which the mallow is the type. The cotton plant, hollyhock, and abutilon are of this order, and the baobab and the silk-cotton trees are now referred to it.
Malversation	Evil conduct; fraudulent practices; misbehavior, corruption, or extortion in office.
Malvesie	Malmsey wine. See Malmsey.
Mam	Mamma.
Mama	See Mamma.
Mamaluke	Same as Mameluke.
Mamelon	A rounded hillock; a rounded elevation or protuberance.
Mameluco	A child born of a white father and Indian mother.
Mameluke	One of a body of mounted soldiers recruited from slaves converted to Mohammedanism, who, during several centuries, had more or less control of the government of Egypt, until exterminated or dispersed by Mehemet Ali in 1811.
Mamillated	See Mammillated.
Mamma	Mother; -- word of tenderness and familiarity.
Mammae	of Mamma
Mamma	A glandular organ for secreting milk, characteristic of all mammals, but usually rudimentary in the male; a mammary gland; a breast; under; bag.
Mammals	of Mammal
Mammal	One of the Mammalia.
Mammalia	The highest class of Vertebrata. The young are nourished for a time by milk, or an analogous fluid, secreted by the mammary glands of the mother.
Mammalian	Of or pertaining to the Mammalia or mammals.
Mammaliferous	Containing mammalian remains; -- said of certain strata.
Mammalogical	Of or pertaining to mammalogy.
Mammalogist	One versed in mammalogy.
Mammalogy	The science which relates to mammals or the Mammalia. See Mammalia.
Mammary	Of or pertaining to the mammae or breasts; as, the mammary arteries and veins.
Mammee	A fruit tree of tropical America, belonging to the genus Mammea (M. Americana); also, its fruit. The latter is large, covered with a thick, tough ring, and contains a bright yellow pulp of a pleasant taste and fragrant scent. It is often called mammee apple.
Mammer	To hesitate; to mutter doubtfully.
Mammet	An idol; a puppet; a doll.
Mammetry	See Mawmetry.
Mammifer	A mammal. See Mammalia.
Mammiferous	Having breasts; of, pertaining to, or derived from, the Mammalia.
Mammiform	Having the form of a mamma (breast) or mammae.
Mammilae	of Mammilla
Mammilla	The nipple.
Mammillary	Of or pertaining to the mammilla, or nipple, or to the breast; resembling a mammilla; mammilloid.
Mammillary	Composed of convex convex concretions, somewhat resembling the breasts in form; studded with small mammiform protuberances.
Mammillate	Alt. of Mammillated
Mammillated	Having small nipples, or small protuberances like nipples or mammae.
Mammillated	Bounded like a nipple; -- said of the apex of some shells.
Mammilliform	Having the form of a mammilla.
Mammilloid	Like a mammilla or nipple; mammilliform.
Mammock	A shapeless piece; a fragment.
Mammock	To tear to pieces.
Mammodis	Coarse plain India muslins.
Mammology	Mastology. See Mammalogy.
Mammon	Riches; wealth; the god of riches; riches, personified.
Mammonish	Actuated or prompted by a devotion to money getting or the service of Mammon.
Mammonism	Devotion to the pursuit of wealth; worldliness.
Mammonist	A mammonite.
Mammonite	One devoted to the acquisition of wealth or the service of Mammon.
Mammonization	The process of making mammonish; the state of being under the influence of mammonism.
Mammonize	To make mammonish.
Mammose	Having the form of the breast; breast-shaped.
Mammoth	An extinct, hairy, maned elephant (Elephas primigenius), of enormous size, remains of which are found in the northern parts of both continents. The last of the race, in Europe, were coeval with prehistoric man.
Mammoth	Resembling the mammoth in size; very large; gigantic; as, a mammoth ox.
Mammothrept	A child brought up by its grandmother; a spoiled child.
Mammies	of Mammy
Mammy	A child's name for mamma, mother.
Mamzer	A person born of relations between whom marriage was forbidden by the Mosaic law; a bastard.
Men	of Man
Man	A human being; -- opposed tobeast.
Man	Especially: An adult male person; a grown-up male person, as distinguished from a woman or a child.
Man	The human race; mankind.
Man	The male portion of the human race.
Man	One possessing in a high degree the distinctive qualities of manhood; one having manly excellence of any kind.
Man	An adult male servant; also, a vassal; a subject.
Man	A term of familiar address often implying on the part of the speaker some degree of authority, impatience, or haste; as, Come, man, we 've no time to lose!
Man	A married man; a husband; -- correlative to wife.
Man	One, or any one, indefinitely; -- a modified survival of the Saxon use of man, or mon, as an indefinite pronoun.
Man	One of the piece with which certain games, as chess or draughts, are played.
Manned	of Man
Manning	of Man
Man	To supply with men; to furnish with a sufficient force or complement of men, as for management, service, defense, or the like; to guard; as, to man a ship, boat, or fort.
Man	To furnish with strength for action; to prepare for efficiency; to fortify.
Man	To tame, as a hawk.
Man	To furnish with a servants.
Man	To wait on as a manservant.
Manable	Marriageable.
Manace	Same as Menace.
Manacle	A handcuff; a shackle for the hand or wrist; -- usually in the plural.
Manacled	of Manacle
Manacling	of Manacle
Manacle	To put handcuffs or other fastening upon, for confining the hands; to shackle; to confine; to restrain from the use of the limbs or natural powers.
Manage	The handling or government of anything, but esp. of a horse; management; administration. See Manege.
Managed	of Manage
Managing	of Manage
Manage	To have under control and direction; to conduct; to guide; to administer; to treat; to handle.
Manage	Hence: Esp., to guide by careful or delicate treatment; to wield with address; to make subservient by artful conduct; to bring around cunningly to one's plans.
Manage	To train in the manege, as a horse; to exercise in graceful or artful action.
Manage	To treat with care; to husband.
Manage	To bring about; to contrive.
Manage	To direct affairs; to carry on business or affairs; to administer.
Manageability	The state or quality of being manageable; manageableness.
Manageable	Such as can be managed or used; suffering control; governable; tractable; subservient; as, a manageable horse.
Manageless	Unmanageable.
Management	The act or art of managing; the manner of treating, directing, carrying on, or using, for a purpose; conduct; administration; guidance; control; as, the management of a family or of a farm; the management of state affairs.
Management	Business dealing; negotiation; arrangement.
Management	Judicious use of means to accomplish an end; conduct directed by art or address; skillful treatment; cunning practice; -- often in a bad sense.
Management	The collective body of those who manage or direct any enterprise or interest; the board of managers.
Manager	One who manages; a conductor or director; as, the manager of a theater.
Manager	A person who conducts business or household affairs with economy and frugality; a good economist.
Manager	A contriver; an intriguer.
Managerial	Of or pertaining to management or a manager; as, managerial qualities.
Managership	The office or position of a manager.
Managery	Management; manner of using; conduct; direction.
Managery	Husbandry; economy; frugality.
Manakin	Any one of numerous small birds belonging to Pipra, Manacus, and other genera of the family Pipridae. They are mostly natives of Central and South America. some are bright-colored, and others have the wings and tail curiously ornamented. The name is sometimes applied to related birds of other families.
Manakin	A dwarf. See Manikin.
Manatee	Any species of Trichechus, a genus of sirenians; -- called alsosea cow.
Manation	The act of issuing or flowing out.
Manbote	A sum paid to a lord as a pecuniary compensation for killing his man (that is, his vassal, servant, or tenant).
Manca	See Mancus.
Manche	A sleeve.
Manchet	Fine white bread; a loaf of fine bread.
Manchineel	A euphorbiaceous tree (Hippomane Mancinella) of tropical America, having a poisonous and blistering milky juice, and poisonous acrid fruit somewhat resembling an apple.
Manchu	Of or pertaining to Manchuria or its inhabitants.
Manchu	A native or inhabitant of Manchuria; also, the language spoken by the Manchus.
Mancipate	To enslave; to bind; to restrict.
Mancipation	Slavery; involuntary servitude.
Manciple	A steward; a purveyor, particularly of a college or Inn of Court.
Mancona bark	See Sassy bark.
Mancus	An old Anglo Saxon coin both of gold and silver, and of variously estimated values. The silver mancus was equal to about one shilling of modern English money.
-mancy	A combining form denoting divination; as, aleuromancy, chiromancy, necromancy, etc.
Mand	A demand.
Mandamus	A writ issued by a superior court and directed to some inferior tribunal, or to some corporation or person exercising authority, commanding the performance of some specified duty.
Mandarin	A Chinese public officer or nobleman; a civil or military official in China and Annam.
Mandarin	A small orange, with easily separable rind. It is thought to be of Chinese origin, and is counted a distinct species (Citrus nobilis)mandarin orange; tangerine --.
Mandarinate	The collective body of officials or persons of rank in China.
Mandarinic	Appropriate or peculiar to a mandarin.
Mandarining	The process of giving an orange color to goods formed of animal tissue, as silk or wool, not by coloring matter, but by producing a certain change in the fiber by the action of dilute nitric acid.
Mandarinism	A government mandarins; character or spirit of the mandarins.
Mandatary	One to whom a command or charge is given; hence, specifically, a person to whom the pope has, by his prerogative, given a mandate or order for his benefice.
Mandatary	One who undertakes to discharge a specific business commission; a mandatory.
Mandate	An official or authoritative command; an order or injunction; a commission; a judicial precept.
Mandate	A rescript of the pope, commanding an ordinary collator to put the person therein named in possession of the first vacant benefice in his collation.
Mandate	A contract by which one employs another to manage any business for him. By the Roman law, it must have been gratuitous.
Mandator	A director; one who gives a mandate or order.
Mandator	The person who employs another to perform a mandate.
Mandatory	Containing a command; preceptive; directory.
Mandatory	Same as Mandatary.
Mandelate	A salt of mandelic acid.
Mandelic	Pertaining to an acid first obtained from benzoic aldehyde (oil of better almonds), as a white crystalline substance; -- called also phenyl glycolic acid.
Mander	See Maunder.
Manderil	A mandrel.
Mandible	The bone, or principal bone, of the lower jaw; the inferior maxilla; -- also applied to either the upper or the lower jaw in the beak of birds.
Mandible	The anterior pair of mouth organs of insects, crustaceaus, and related animals, whether adapted for biting or not. See Illust. of Diptera.
Mandibular	Of or pertaining to a mandible; like a mandible.
Mandibular	The principal mandibular bone; the mandible.
Mandibulate	Alt. of Mandibulated
Mandibulated	Provided with mandibles adapted for biting, as many insects.
Mandibulate	An insect having mandibles.
Mandibuliform	Having the form of a mandible; -- said especially of the maxillae of an insect when hard and adapted for biting.
Mandibulohyoid	Pertaining both to the mandibular and the hyoid arch, or situated between them.
Mandil	A loose outer garment worn the 16th and 17th centuries.
Mandilion	See Mandil.
Mandingos	; sing. Mandingo. (Ethnol.) An extensive and powerful tribe of West African negroes.
Mandioc	Alt. of Mandioca
Mandioca	See Manioc.
Mandlestone	Amygdaloid.
Mandment	Commandment.
Mandolin	Alt. of Mandoline
Mandoline	A small and beautifully shaped instrument resembling the lute.
Mandore	A kind of four-stringed lute.
Mandragora	A genus of plants; the mandrake. See Mandrake, 1.
Mandragorite	One who habitually intoxicates himself with a narcotic obtained from mandrake.
Mandrake	A low plant (Mandragora officinarum) of the Nightshade family, having a fleshy root, often forked, and supposed to resemble a man. It was therefore supposed to have animal life, and to cry out when pulled up. All parts of the plant are strongly narcotic. It is found in the Mediterranean region.
Mandrake	The May apple (Podophyllum peltatum). See May apple under May, and Podophyllum.
Mandrel	A bar of metal inserted in the work to shape it, or to hold it, as in a lathe, during the process of manufacture; an arbor.
Mandrel	The live spindle of a turning lathe; the revolving arbor of a circular saw. It is usually driven by a pulley.
Mandrill	a large West African baboon (Cynocephalus, / Papio, mormon). The adult male has, on the sides of the nose, large, naked, grooved swellings, conspicuously striped with blue and red.
Manducable	Such as can be chewed; fit to be eaten.
Manducated	of Manducate
Manducating	of Manducate
Manducate	To masticate; to chew; to eat.
Manducation	The act of chewing.
Manducatory	Pertaining to, or employed in, chewing.
Manducus	A grotesque mask, representing a person chewing or grimacing, worn in processions and by comic actors on the stage.
Mane	The long and heavy hair growing on the upper side of, or about, the neck of some quadrupedal animals, as the horse, the lion, etc. See Illust. of Horse.
Man-eater	One who, or that which, has an appetite for human flesh; specifically, one of certain large sharks (esp. Carcharodon Rondeleti); also, a lion or a tiger which has acquired the habit of feeding upon human flesh.
Maned	Having a mane.
Manege	Art of horsemanship, or of training horses.
Manege	A school for teaching horsemanship, and for training horses.
Maneh	A Hebrew weight for gold or silver, being one hundred shekels of gold and sixty shekels of silver.
Maneless	Having no mane.
Manequin	An artist's model of wood or other material.
Manerial	See Manorial.
Manes	The benevolent spirits of the dead, especially of dead ancestors, regarded as family deities and protectors.
Manesheet	A covering placed over the upper part of a horse's head.
Maneuver	Alt. of Manoeuvre
Manoeuvre	Management; dexterous movement; specif., a military or naval evolution, movement, or change of position.
Manoeuvre	Management with address or artful design; adroit proceeding; stratagem.
Maneuvered	of Manoeuvre
Manoeuvred	of Manoeuvre
Maneuvering	of Manoeuvre
Manoeuvring	of Manoeuvre
Maneuver	Alt. of Manoeuvre
Manoeuvre	To perform a movement or movements in military or naval tactics; to make changes in position with reference to getting advantage in attack or defense.
Manoeuvre	To manage with address or art; to scheme.
Maneuver	Alt. of Manoeuvre
Manoeuvre	To change the positions of, as of troops of ships.
Maneuverer	Alt. of Manoeuvrer
Manoeuvrer	One who maneuvers.
Manful	Showing manliness, or manly spirit; hence, brave, courageous, resolute, noble.
Mamgabey	Any one of several African monkeys of the genus Cercocebus, as the sooty mangabey (C. fuliginosus), which is sooty black.
Mangan	See Mangonel.
Manganate	A salt of manganic acid.
Manganesate	A manganate.
Manganese	An element obtained by reduction of its oxide, as a hard, grayish white metal, fusible with difficulty, but easily oxidized. Its ores occur abundantly in nature as the minerals pyrolusite, manganite, etc. Symbol Mn. Atomic weight 54.8.
Manganesian	Manganic.
Manganesic	Manganic.
Manganesious	Manganous.
Manganesium	Manganese.
Manganesous	Manganous.
Manganic	Of, pertaining to resembling, or containing, manganese; specif., designating compounds in which manganese has a higher valence as contrasted with manganous compounds.  Cf. Manganous.
Manganiferous	Containing manganese.
Manganite	One of the oxides of manganese; -- called also gray manganese ore. It occurs in brilliant steel-gray or iron-black crystals, also massive.
Manganite	A compound of manganese dioxide with a metallic oxide; so called as though derived from the hypothetical manganous acid.
Manganium	Manganese.
Manganous	Of, pertaining to, designating, those compounds of manganese in which the element has a lower valence as contrasted with manganic compounds; as, manganous oxide.
Mangcorn	A mixture of wheat and rye, or other species of grain.
Mange	The scab or itch in cattle, dogs, and other beasts.
Mangel-wurzel	A kind of large field beet (B. macrorhiza), used as food for cattle, -- by some considered a mere variety of the ordinary beet. See Beet.
Manger	A trough or open box in which fodder is placed for horses or cattle to eat.
Manger	The fore part of the deck, having a bulkhead athwart ships high enough to prevent water which enters the hawse holes from running over it.
Mangily	In a mangy manner; scabbily.
Manginess	The condition or quality of being mangy.
Mangled	of Mangle
Mangling	of Mangle
Mangle	To cut or bruise with repeated blows or strokes, making a ragged or torn wound, or covering with wounds; to tear in cutting; to cut in a bungling manner; to lacerate; to mutilate.
Mangle	To mutilate or injure, in making, doing, or pertaining; as, to mangle a piece of music or a recitation.
Mangle	A machine for smoothing linen or cotton cloth, as sheets, tablecloths, napkins, and clothing, by roller pressure.
Mangle	To smooth with a mangle, as damp linen or cloth.
Mangler	One who mangles or tears in cutting; one who mutilates any work in doing it.
Mangler	One who smooths with a mangle.
Mangoes	of Mango
Mango	The fruit of the mango tree. It is rather larger than an apple, and of an ovoid shape. Some varieties are fleshy and luscious, and others tough and tasting of turpentine. The green fruit is pickled for market.
Mango	A green muskmelon stuffed and pickled.
Mangoldwurzel	See Mangel-wurzel.
Mangonel	A military engine formerly used for throwing stones and javelins.
Mangonism	The art of mangonizing, or setting off to advantage.
Mangonist	One who mangonizes.
Mangonist	A slave dealer; also, a strumpet.
Mangonize	To furbish up for sale; to set off to advantage.
Mangosteen	Alt. of Mangostan
Mangostan	A tree of the East Indies of the genus Garcinia (G. Mangostana). The tree grows to the height of eighteen feet, and bears fruit also called mangosteen, of the size of a small apple, the pulp of which is very delicious food.
Mangrove	The name of one or two trees of the genus Rhizophora (R. Mangle, and R. mucronata, the last doubtfully distinct) inhabiting muddy shores of tropical regions, where they spread by emitting aerial roots, which fasten in the saline mire and eventually become new stems. The seeds also send down a strong root while yet attached to the parent plant.
Mangrove	The mango fish.
Mangue	The kusimanse.
Mangy	Infected with the mange; scabby.
Manhaden	See Menhaden.
Manhead	Manhood.
Manhole	A hole through which a man may descend or creep into a drain, sewer, steam boiler, parts of machinery, etc., for cleaning or repairing.
Manhood	The state of being man as a human being, or man as distinguished from a child or a woman.
Manhood	Manly quality; courage; bravery; resolution.
Mania	Violent derangement of mind; madness; insanity.  Cf. Delirium.
Mania	Excessive or unreasonable desire; insane passion affecting one or many people; as, the tulip mania.
Maniable	Manageable.
Maniac	Raving with madness; raging with disordered intellect; affected with mania; mad.
Maniac	A raving lunatic; a madman.
Maniacal	Affected with, or characterized by, madness; maniac.
Manicate	Covered with hairs or pubescence so platted together and interwoven as to form a mass easily removed.
Manichaean	Alt. of Manichee
Manichean	Alt. of Manichee
Manichee	A believer in the doctrines of Manes, a Persian of the third century A. D., who taught a dualism in which Light is regarded as the source of Good, and Darkness as the source of Evil.
Manichaean	Alt. of Manichean
Manichean	Of or pertaining to the Manichaeans.
Manichaeism	Alt. of Manicheism
Manicheism	The doctrines taught, or system of principles maintained, by the Manichaeans.
Manicheist	Manichaean.
Manichord	Alt. of Manichordon
Manichordon	The clavichord or clarichord; -- called also dumb spinet.
Manicure	A person who makes a business of taking care of people's hands, especially their nails.
Manid	Any species of the genus Manis, or family Manidae.
Manie	Mania; insanity.
Manifest	Evident to the senses, esp. to the sight; apparent; distinctly perceived; hence, obvious to the understanding; apparent to the mind; easily apprehensible; plain; not obscure or hidden.
Manifest	Detected; convicted; -- with of.
Manifests	of Manifest
Manifest	A public declaration; an open statement; a manifesto. See Manifesto.
Manifest	A list or invoice of a ship's cargo, containing a description by marks, numbers, etc., of each package of goods, to be exhibited at the customhouse.
Manifested	of Manifest
Manifesting	of Manifest
Manifest	To show plainly; to make to appear distinctly, -- usually to the mind; to put beyond question or doubt; to display; to exhibit.
Manifest	To exhibit the manifests or prepared invoices of; to declare at the customhouse.
Manifestable	Such as can be manifested.
Manifestation	The act of manifesting or disclosing, or the state of being manifested; discovery to the eye or to the understanding; also, that which manifests; exhibition; display; revelation; as, the manifestation of God's power in creation.
Manifestible	Manifestable.
Manifestly	In a manifest manner.
Manifestness	The quality or state of being manifest; obviousness.
Manifestoes	of Manifesto
Manifesto	A public declaration, usually of a prince, sovereign, or other person claiming large powers, showing his intentions, or proclaiming his opinions and motives in reference to some act done or contemplated by him; as, a manifesto declaring the purpose of a prince to begin war, and explaining his motives.
Manifold	Various in kind or quality; many in number; numerous; multiplied; complicated.
Manifold	Exhibited at divers times or in various ways; -- used to qualify nouns in the singular number.
Manifold	A copy of a writing made by the manifold process.
Manifold	A cylindrical pipe fitting, having a number of lateral outlets, for connecting one pipe with several others.
Manifold	The third stomach of a ruminant animal.
Manifolded	of Manifold
Manifolding	of Manifold
Manifold	To take copies of by the process of manifold writing; as, to manifold a letter.
Manifolded	Having many folds, layers, or plates; as, a manifolded shield.
Manifoldly	In a manifold manner.
Manifoldness	Multiplicity.
Manifoldness	A generalized concept of magnitude.
Maniform	Shaped like the hand.
Maniglion	Either one of two handles on the back of a piece of ordnance.
Manihoc	Alt. of Manihot
Manihot	See Manioc.
Manikin	A little man; a dwarf; a pygmy; a manakin.
Manikin	A model of the human body, made of papier-mache or other material, commonly in detachable pieces, for exhibiting the different parts and organs, their relative position, etc.
Manila	Alt. of Manilla
Manilla	Of or pertaining to Manila or Manilla, the capital of the Philippine Islands; made in, or exported from, that city.
Manilio	See Manilla, 1.
Manilla	A ring worn upon the arm or leg as an ornament, especially among the tribes of Africa.
Manilla	A piece of copper of the shape of a horseshoe, used as money by certain tribes of the west coast of Africa.
Manilla	Same as Manila.
Manille	See 1st Manilla, 1.
Manioc	The tropical plants (Manihot utilissima, and M. Aipi), from which cassava and tapioca are prepared; also, cassava.
Maniple	A handful.
Maniple	A division of the Roman army numbering sixty men exclusive of officers, any small body of soldiers; a company.
Maniple	Originally, a napkin; later, an ornamental band or scarf worn upon the left arm as a part of the vestments of a priest in the Roman Catholic Church. It is sometimes worn in the English Church service.
Manipular	Of or pertaining to the maniple, or company.
Manipular	Manipulatory; as, manipular operations.
Manipulated	of Manipulate
Manipulating	of Manipulate
Manipulate	To treat, work, or operate with the hands, especially when knowledge and dexterity are required; to manage in hand work; to handle; as, to manipulate scientific apparatus.
Manipulate	To control the action of, by management; as, to manipulate a convention of delegates; to manipulate the stock market; also, to manage artfully or fraudulently; as, to manipulate accounts, or election returns.
Manipulate	To use the hands in dexterous operations; to do hand work; specifically, to manage the apparatus or instruments used in scientific work, or in artistic or mechanical processes; also, specifically, to use the hand in mesmeric operations.
Manipulation	The act or process of manipulating, or the state of being manipulated; the act of handling work by hand; use of the hands, in an artistic or skillful manner, in science or art.
Manipulation	The use of the hands in mesmeric operations.
Manipulation	Artful management; as, the manipulation of political bodies; sometimes, a management or treatment for purposes of deception or fraud.
Manipulative	Of or pertaining to manipulation; performed by manipulation.
Manipulator	One who manipulates.
Manipulatory	Of or pertaining to manipulation.
Manis	A genus of edentates, covered with large, hard, triangular scales, with sharp edges that overlap each other like tiles on a roof. They inhabit the warmest parts of Asia and Africa, and feed on ants. Called also Scaly anteater. See Pangolin.
Manito	Alt. of Manitu
Manitou	Alt. of Manitu
Manitu	A name given by tribes of American Indians to a great spirit, whether good or evil, or to any object of worship.
Manitrunk	The anterior segment of the thorax in insects. See Insect.
Mankind	The human race; man, taken collectively.
Mankind	Men, as distinguished from women; the male portion of human race.
Mankind	Human feelings; humanity.
Mankind	Manlike; not womanly; masculine; bold; cruel.
Manks	Of or pertaining to the language or people of the of Man.
Manks	The language spoken in the Isle of Man. See Manx.
Manless	Destitute of men.
Manless	Unmanly; inhuman.
Manlessly	Inhumanly.
Manlike	Like man, or like a man, in form or nature; having the qualities of a man, esp. the nobler qualities; manly.
Manliness	The quality or state of being manly.
Manling	A little man.
Manly	Having qualities becoming to a man; not childish or womanish; manlike, esp. brave, courageous, resolute, noble.
Manly	In a manly manner; with the courage and fortitude of a manly man; as, to act manly.
Manna	The food supplied to the Israelites in their journey through the wilderness of Arabia; hence, divinely supplied food.
Manna	A name given to lichens of the genus Lecanora, sometimes blown into heaps in the deserts of Arabia and Africa, and gathered and used as food.
Manna	A sweetish exudation in the form of pale yellow friable flakes, coming from several trees and shrubs and used in medicine as a gentle laxative, as the secretion of Fraxinus Ornus, and F. rotundifolia, the manna ashes of Southern Europe.
Manna croup	The portions of hard wheat kernels not ground into flour by the millstones: a kind of semolina prepared in Russia and used for puddings, soups, etc. -- called also manna groats.
Manna croup	The husked grains of manna grass.
Manner	Mode of action; way of performing or effecting anything; method; style; form; fashion.
Manner	Characteristic mode of acting, conducting, carrying one's self, or the like; bearing; habitual style.
Manner	Customary method of acting; habit.
Manner	Carriage; behavior; deportment; also, becoming behavior; well-bred carriage and address.
Manner	The style of writing or thought of an author; characteristic peculiarity of an artist.
Manner	Certain degree or measure; as, it is in a manner done already.
Manner	Sort; kind; style; -- in this application sometimes having the sense of a plural, sorts or kinds.
Mannered	Having a certain way, esp. a polite way, of carrying and conducting one's self.
Mannered	Affected with mannerism; marked by excess of some characteristic peculiarity.
Mannerism	Adherence to a peculiar style or manner; a characteristic mode of action, bearing, or treatment, carried to excess, especially in literature or art.
Mannerist	One addicted to mannerism; a person who, in action, bearing, or treatment, carries characteristic peculiarities to excess. See citation under Mannerism.
Mannerliness	The quality or state of being mannerly; civility; complaisance.
Mannerly	Showing good manners; civil; respectful; complaisant.
Mannerly	With good manners.
Mannheim gold	A kind of brass made in imitation of gold. It contains eighty per cent of copper and twenty of zinc.
Mannide	A white amorphous or crystalline substance, obtained by dehydration of mannite, and distinct from, but convertible into, mannitan.
Mannish	Resembling a human being in form or nature; human.
Mannish	Resembling, suitable to, or characteristic of, a man, manlike, masculine.
Mannish	Fond of men; -- said of a woman.
Mannitan	A white amorphous or crystalline substance obtained by the partial dehydration of mannite.
Mannitate	A salt of mannitic acid.
Mannite	A white crystalline substance of a sweet taste obtained from a so-called manna, the dried sap of the flowering ash (Fraxinus ornus); -- called also mannitol, and hydroxy hexane.  Cf. Dulcite.
Mannite	A sweet white efflorescence from dried fronds of kelp, especially from those of the Laminaria saccharina, or devil's apron.
Mannitic	Of, pertaining to, resembling, or derived from, mannite.
Mannitol	The technical name of mannite. See Mannite.
Mannitose	A variety of sugar obtained by the partial oxidation of mannite, and closely resembling levulose.
Manoeuvre	See Maneuver.
Men-of-war	of Manofwar
Manofwar	A government vessel employed for the purposes of war, esp. one of large size; a ship of war.
Manometer	An instrument for measuring the tension or elastic force of gases, steam, etc., constructed usually on the principle of allowing the gas to exert its elastic force in raising a column of mercury in an open tube, or in compressing a portion of air or other gas in a closed tube with mercury or other liquid intervening, or in bending a metallic or other spring so as to set in motion an index; a pressure gauge. See Pressure, and Illust. of Air pump.
Manometric	Alt. of Manometrical
Manometrical	Of or pertaining to the manometer; made by the manometer.
Manor	The land belonging to a lord or nobleman, or so much land as a lord or great personage kept in his own hands, for the use and subsistence of his family.
Manor	A tract of land occupied by tenants who pay a free-farm rent to the proprietor, sometimes in kind, and sometimes by performing certain stipulated services.
Manorial	Of or pertaining to a manor.
Manoscope	Same as Manometer.
Manoscopy	The science of the determination of the density of vapors and gases.
Manovery	A contrivance or maneuvering to catch game illegally.
Manqueller	A killer of men; a manslayer.
Manred	Alt. of Manrent
Manrent	Homage or service rendered to a superior, as to a lord; vassalage.
Manrope	One of the side ropes to the gangway of a ship.
Mansard roof	A hipped curb roof; that is, a roof having on all sides two slopes, the lower one being steeper than the upper one.
Manse	A dwelling house, generally with land attached.
Manse	The parsonage; a clergyman's house.
Manservant	A male servant.
Mansion	A dwelling place, -- whether a part or whole of a house or other shelter.
Mansion	The house of the lord of a manor; a manor house; hence: Any house of considerable size or pretension.
Mansion	A twelfth part of the heavens; a house. See 1st House, 8.
Mansion	The place in the heavens occupied each day by the moon in its monthly revolution.
Mansion	To dwell; to reside.
Mansionary	Resident; residentiary; as, mansionary canons.
Mansionry	The state of dwelling or residing; occupancy as a dwelling place.
Manslaughter	The slaying of a human being; destruction of men.
Manslaughter	The unlawful killing of a man, either in negligenc/ or incidentally to the commission of some unlawful act, but without specific malice, or upon a sudden excitement of anger.
Manslayer	One who kills a human being; one who commits manslaughter.
Manstealer	A person who steals or kidnaps a human being or beings.
Manstealing	The act or business of stealing or kidnaping human beings, especially with a view to e/slave them.
Mansuete	Tame; gentle; kind.
Mansuetude	Tameness; gentleness; mildness.
Manswear	To swear falsely. Same as Mainswear.
Manta	See Coleoptera and Sea devil.
Mantchoo	Same as Manchu.
Manteaux	of Manteau
Manteaus	of Manteau
Manteau	A woman's cloak or mantle.
Manteau	A gown worn by women.
Mantel	The finish around a fireplace, covering the chimney-breast in front and sometimes on both sides; especially, a shelf above the fireplace, and its supports.
Mantelet	A short cloak formerly worn by knights.
Mantelet	A short cloak or mantle worn by women.
Mantelet	A musket-proof shield of rope, wood, or metal, which is sometimes used for the protection of sappers or riflemen while attacking a fortress, or of gunners at embrasures; -- now commonly written mantlet.
Mantelpiece	Same as Mantel.
Mantelshelf	The shelf of a mantel.
Manteltree	The lintel of a fireplace when of wood, as frequently in early houses.
Mantic	Of or pertaining to divination, or to the condition of one inspired, or supposed to be inspired, by a deity; prophetic.
Mantilla	A lady's light cloak of cape of silk, velvet, lace, or the like.
Mantilla	A kind of veil, covering the head and falling down upon the shoulders; -- worn in Spain, Mexico, etc.
Mantis	Any one of numerous species of voracious orthopterous insects of the genus Mantis, and allied genera. They are remarkable for their slender grotesque forms, and for holding their stout anterior legs in a manner suggesting hands folded in prayer. The common American species is M. Carolina.
Mantispid	Any neuropterous insect of the genus Mantispa, and allied genera. The larvae feed on plant lice. Also used adjectively. See Illust. under Neuroptera.
Mantissa	The decimal part of a logarithm, as distinguished from the integral part, or characteristic.
Mantle	A loose garment to be worn over other garments; an enveloping robe; a cloak. Hence, figuratively, a covering or concealing envelope.
Mantle	Same as Mantling.
Mantle	The external fold, or folds, of the soft, exterior membrane of the body of a mollusk. It usually forms a cavity inclosing the gills. See Illusts. of Buccinum, and Byssus.
Mantle	Any free, outer membrane.
Mantle	The back of a bird together with the folded wings.
Mantle	A mantel. See Mantel.
Mantle	The outer wall and casing of a blast furnace, above the hearth.
Mantle	A penstock for a water wheel.
Mantled	of Mantle
Mantling	of Mantle
Mantle	To cover or envelop, as with a mantle; to cloak; to hide; to disguise.
Mantle	To unfold and spread out the wings, like a mantle; -- said of hawks. Also used figuratively.
Mantle	To spread out; -- said of wings.
Mantle	To spread over the surface as a covering; to overspread; as, the scum mantled on the pool.
Mantle	To gather, assume, or take on, a covering, as froth, scum, etc.
Mantlet	See Mantelet.
Mantling	The representation of a mantle, or the drapery behind and around a coat of arms: -- called also lambrequin.
Manto	See Manteau.
Mantologist	One who is skilled in mantology; a diviner.
Mantology	The act or art of divination.
Mantra	A prayer; an invocation; a religious formula; a charm.
Mantrap	A trap for catching trespassers.
Mantrap	A dangerous place, as an open hatch, into which one may fall.
Mantua	A superior kind of rich silk formerly exported from Mantua in Italy.
Mantua	A woman's cloak or mantle; also, a woman's gown.
Mantuamaker	One who makes dresses, cloaks, etc., for women; a dressmaker.
Mantuan	Of or pertaining to Mantua.
Mantuan	A native or inhabitant of Mantua.
Manu	One of a series of progenitors of human beings, and authors of human wisdom.
Manual	Of or pertaining to the hand; done or made by the hand; as, manual labor; the king's sign manual.
Manual	A small book, such as may be carried in the hand, or conveniently handled; a handbook; specifically, the service book of the Roman Catholic Church.
Manual	A keyboard of an organ or harmonium for the fingers, as distinguished from the pedals; a clavier, or set of keys.
Manual	A prescribed exercise in the systematic handing of a weapon; as, the manual of arms; the manual of the sword; the manual of the piece (cannon, mortar, etc.).
Manualist	One who works with the hands; an artificer.
Manually	By hand.
Manuary	Manual.
Manuary	An artificer.
Manubial	Belonging to spoils; taken in war.
Manubrial	Of or pertaining to a manubrium; shaped like a manubrium; handlelike.
Manubria	of Manubrium
Manubriums	of Manubrium
Manubrium	A handlelike process or part; esp., the anterior segment of the sternum, or presternum, and the handlelike process of the malleus.
Manubrium	The proboscis of a jellyfish; -- called also hypostoma. See Illust. of Hydromedusa.
Manucode	Any bird of the genus Manucodia, of Australia and New Guinea. They are related to the bird of paradise.
Manuducent	One who leads by the hand; a manuductor.
Manuduction	Guidance by the hand.
Manductor	A conductor; an officer in the ancient church who gave the signal for the choir to sing, and who beat time with the hand, and regulated the music.
-ries	of Manufactory
Manufactory	Manufacture.
Manufactory	A building or place where anything is manufactured; a factory.
Manufactory	Pertaining to manufacturing.
Manufactural	Of or pertaining to manufactures.
Manufacture	The operation of making wares or any products by hand, by machinery, or by other agency.
Manufacture	Anything made from raw materials by the hand, by machinery, or by art, as cloths, iron utensils, shoes, machinery, saddlery, etc.
Manufactured	of Manufacture
Manufacturing	of Manufacture
Manufacture	To make (wares or other products) by hand, by machinery, or by other agency; as, to manufacture cloth, nails, glass, etc.
Manufacture	To work, as raw or partly wrought materials, into suitable forms for use; as, to manufacture wool, cotton, silk, or iron.
Manufacture	To be employed in manufacturing something.
Manufacturer	One who manufactures.
Manufacturing	Employed, or chiefly employed, in manufacture; as, a manufacturing community; a manufacturing town.
Manufacturing	Pertaining to manufacture; as, manufacturing projects.
Manul	A wild cat (Felis manul), having long, soft, light-colored fur. It is found in the mountains of Central Asia, and dwells among rocks.
Manumise	To manumit.
Manumission	The act of manumitting, or of liberating a slave from bondage.
Manumitted	of Manumit
Manumitting	of Manumit
Manumit	To release from slavery; to liberate from personal bondage or servitude; to free, as a slave.
Manumotive	Movable by hand.
Manumotor	A small wheel carriage, so constructed that a person sitting in it may move it.
Manurable	Capable of cultivation.
Manurable	Capable of receiving a fertilizing substance.
Manurage	Cultivation.
Manurance	Cultivation.
Manured	of Manure
Manuring	of Manure
Manure	To cultivate by manual labor; to till; hence, to develop by culture.
Manure	To apply manure to; to enrich, as land, by the application of a fertilizing substance.
Manure	Any matter which makes land productive; a fertilizing substance, as the contents of stables and barnyards, dung, decaying animal or vegetable substances, etc.
Manurement	Cultivation.
Manurer	One who manures land.
Manurial	Relating to manures.
Manuring	The act of process of applying manure; also, the manure applied.
Manus	of Manus
Manus	The distal segment of the fore limb, including the carpus and fore foot or hand.
Manuscript	Written with or by the hand; not printed; as, a manuscript volume.
Manuscript	A literary or musical composition written with the hand, as distinguished from a printed copy.
Manuscript	Writing, as opposed to print; as, the book exists only in manuscript.
Manuscriptal	Manuscript.
Manutenency	Maintenance.
Manway	A small passageway, as in a mine, that a man may pass through.
Manx	Of or pertaining to the Isle of Man, or its inhabitants; as, the Manx language.
Manx	The language of the inhabitants of the Isle of Man, a dialect of the Celtic.
Many	A retinue of servants; a household.
Many	Consisting of a great number; numerous; not few.
Many	The populace; the common people; the majority of people, or of a community.
Many	A large or considerable number.
Many-minded	Having many faculties; versatile; many-sided.
Manyplies	The third division, or that between the reticulum, or honeycomb stomach, and the abomasum, or rennet stomach, in the stomach of ruminants; the omasum; the psalterium. So called from the numerous folds in its mucous membrane. See Illust of Ruminant.
Many-sided	Having many sides; -- said of figures. Hence, presenting many questions or subjects for consideration; as, a many-sided topic.
Many-sided	Interested in, and having an aptitude for, many unlike pursuits or objects of attention; versatile.
Manyways	Alt. of Manywise
Manywise	In many different ways; variously.
Manzanita	A name given to several species of Arctostaphylos, but mostly to A. glauca and A. pungens, shrubs of California, Oregon, etc., with reddish smooth bark, ovate or oval coriaceous evergreen leaves, and bearing clusters of red berries, which are said to be a favorite food of the grizzly bear.
Maoris	of Maori
Maori	One of the aboriginal inhabitants of New Zealand; also, the original language of New Zealand.
Maori	Of or pertaining to the Maoris or to their language.
Map	A representation of the surface of the earth, or of some portion of it, showing the relative position of the parts represented; -- usually on a flat surface. Also, such a representation of the celestial sphere, or of some part of it.
Map	Anything which represents graphically a succession of events, states, or acts; as, an historical map.
Mapped	of Map
Mapping	of Map
Map	To represent by a map; -- often with out; as, to survey and map, or map out, a county. Hence, figuratively: To represent or indicate systematically and clearly; to sketch; to plan; as, to map, or map out, a journey; to map out business.
Mapach	The raccoon.
Maple	A tree of the genus Acer, including about fifty species. A. saccharinum is the rock maple, or sugar maple, from the sap of which sugar is made, in the United States, in great quantities, by evaporation; the red or swamp maple is A. rubrum; the silver maple, A. dasycarpum, having fruit wooly when young; the striped maple, A. Pennsylvanium, called also moosewood. The common maple of Europe is A. campestre, the sycamore maple is A. Pseudo-platanus, and the Norway maple is A. platanoides.
Maplike	Having or consisting of lines resembling a map; as, the maplike figures in which certain lichens grow.
Mappery	The making, or study, of maps.
Maqui	A Chilian shrub (Aristotelia Maqui). Its bark furnishes strings for musical instruments, and a medicinal wine is made from its berries.
Mar	A small lake. See Mere.
Marred	of Mar
Marring	of Mar
Mar	To make defective; to do injury to, esp. by cutting off or defacing a part; to impair; to disfigure; to deface.
Mar	To spoil; to ruin.
Mar	A mark or blemish made by bruising, scratching, or the like; a disfigurement.
Mara	The principal or ruling evil spirit.
Mara	A female demon who torments people in sleep by crouching on their chests or stomachs, or by causing terrifying visions.
Mara	The Patagonian cavy (Dolichotis Patagonicus).
Marabou	A large stork of the genus Leptoptilos (formerly Ciconia), esp. the African species (L. crumenifer), which furnishes plumes worn as ornaments. The Asiatic species (L. dubius, or L. argala) is the adjutant. See Adjutant.
Marabou	One having five eighths negro blood; the offspring of a mulatto and a griffe.
Marabout	A Mohammedan saint; especially, one who claims to work cures supernaturally.
Maracan	A macaw.
Marai	A sacred inclosure or temple; -- so called by the islanders of the Pacific Ocean.
Maranatha	"Our Lord cometh;" -- an expression used by St. Paul at the conclusion of his first Epistle to the Corinthians (xvi. 22). This word has been used in anathematizing persons for great crimes; as much as to say, "May the Lord come quickly to take vengeance of thy crimes." See Anathema maranatha, under Anathema.
Maranta	A genus of endogenous plants found in tropical America, and some species also in India. They have tuberous roots containing a large amount of starch, and from one species (Maranta arundinacea) arrowroot is obtained. Many kinds are cultivated for ornament.
Maraschino	A liqueur distilled from fermented cherry juice, and flavored with the pit of a variety of cherry which grows in Dalmatia.
Marasmus	A wasting of flesh without fever or apparent disease; a kind of consumption; atrophy; phthisis.
Marauded	of Maraud
Marauding	of Maraud
Maraud	To rove in quest of plunder; to make an excursion for booty; to plunder.
Maraud	An excursion for plundering.
Marauder	A rover in quest of booty or plunder; a plunderer; one who pillages.
Maravedi	A small copper coin of Spain, equal to three mils American money, less than a farthing sterling. Also, an ancient Spanish gold coin.
Marble	A massive, compact limestone; a variety of calcite, capable of being polished and used for architectural and ornamental purposes. The color varies from white to black, being sometimes yellow, red, and green, and frequently beautifully veined or clouded. The name is also given to other rocks of like use and appearance, as serpentine or verd antique marble, and less properly to polished porphyry, granite, etc.
Marble	A thing made of, or resembling, marble, as a work of art, or record, in marble; or, in the plural, a collection of such works; as, the Arundel or Arundelian marbles; the Elgin marbles.
Marble	A little ball of marble, or of some other hard substance, used as a plaything by children; or, in the plural, a child's game played with marbles.
Marble	Made of, or resembling, marble; as, a marble mantel; marble paper.
Marble	Cold; hard; unfeeling; as, a marble breast or heart.
Marbled	of Marble
Marbling	of Marble
Marble	To stain or vein like marble; to variegate in color; as, to marble the edges of a book, or the surface of paper.
Marbled	Made of, or faced with, marble.
Marbled	Made to resemble marble; veined or spotted like marble.
Marbled	Varied with irregular markings, or witch a confused blending of irregular spots and streaks.
Marble-edged	Having the edge veined or spotted with different colors like marble, as a book.
Marbleized	of Marbleize
Marbleizing	of Marbleize
Marbleize	To stain or grain in imitation of marble; to cover with a surface resembling marble; as, to marbleize slate, wood, or iron.
Marbler	One who works upon marble or other stone.
Marbler	One who colors or stains in imitation of marble.
Marbling	The art or practice of variegating in color, in imitation of marble.
Marbling	An intermixture of fat and lean in meat, giving it a marbled appearance.
Marbling	Distinct markings resembling the variegations of marble, as on birds and insects.
Marbly	Containing, or resembling, marble.
Marbrinus	A cloth woven so as to imitate the appearance of marble; -- much used in the 15th and 16th centuries.
Marc	The refuse matter which remains after the pressure of fruit, particularly of grapes.
Marc	A weight of various commodities, esp. of gold and silver, used in different European countries. In France and Holland it was equal to eight ounces.
Marc	A coin formerly current in England and Scotland, equal to thirteen shillings and four pence.
Marc	A German coin and money of account. See Mark.
Marcantant	A merchant.
Marcasite	A sulphide of iron resembling pyrite or common iron pyrites in composition, but differing in form; white iron pyrites.
Marcasitic	Alt. of Marcasitical
Marcasitical	Containing, or having the nature of, marcasite.
Marcassin	A young wild boar.
Marcato	In a marked emphatic manner; -- used adverbially as a direction.
Marceline	A thin silk fabric used for linings, etc., in ladies' dresses.
Marcescent	Withering without/ falling off; fading; decaying.
Marcescible	Li/ble to wither or decay.
March	The third month of the year, containing thirty-one days.
March	A territorial border or frontier; a region adjacent to a boundary line; a confine; -- used chiefly in the plural, and in English history applied especially to the border land on the frontiers between England and Scotland, and England and Wales.
March	To border; to be contiguous; to lie side by side.
Marched	of March
Marching	of March
March	To move with regular steps, as a soldier; to walk in a grave, deliberate, or stately manner; to advance steadily.
March	To proceed by walking in a body or in military order; as, the German army marched into France.
March	TO cause to move with regular steps in the manner of a soldier; to cause to move in military array, or in a body, as troops; to cause to advance in a steady, regular, or stately manner; to cause to go by peremptory command, or by force.
March	The act of marching; a movement of soldiers from one stopping place to another; military progress; advance of troops.
March	Hence: Measured and regular advance or movement, like that of soldiers moving in order; stately or deliberate walk; steady onward movement.
March	The distance passed over in marching; as, an hour's march; a march of twenty miles.
March	A piece of music designed or fitted to accompany and guide the movement of troops; a piece of music in the march form.
Macher	One who marches.
Marcher	The lord or officer who defended the marches or borders of a territory.
Marchet	Alt. of Merchet
Merchet	In old English and in Scots law, a fine paid to the lord of the soil by a tenant upon the marriage of one the tenant's daughters.
Marching	a. & n., fr. March, v.
Marchioness	The wife or the widow of a marquis; a woman who has the rank and dignity of a marquis.
March-mad	Extremely rash; foolhardy. See under March, the month.
Marchman	A person living in the marches between England and Scotland or Wales.
Marchpane	A kind of sweet bread or biscuit; a cake of pounded almonds and sugar.
March-ward	A warden of the marches; a marcher.
Marcian	Under the influence of Mars; courageous; bold.
Marcid	Pining; lean; withered.
Marcid	Characterized by emaciation, as a fever.
Marcidity	The state or quality of being withered or lean.
Marcionite	A follower of Marcion, a Gnostic of the second century, who adopted the Oriental notion of the two conflicting principles, and imagined that between them there existed a third power, neither wholly good nor evil, the Creator of the world and of man, and the God of the Jewish dispensation.
Marcobrunner	A celebrated Rhine wine.
Marcor	A wasting away of flesh; decay.
Marcosian	One of a Gnostic sect of the second century, so called from Marcus, an Egyptian, who was reputed to be a margician.
Mardi gras	The last day of Carnival; Shrove Tuesday; -- in some cities a great day of carnival and merrymaking.
Mare	The female of the horse and other equine quadrupeds.
Mare	Sighing, suffocative panting, intercepted utterance, with a sense of pressure across the chest, occurring during sleep; the incubus; -- obsolete, except in the compound nightmare.
Marechal Niel	A kind of large yellow rose.
Mareis	A Marsh.
Marena	A European whitefish of the genus Coregonus.
Mareschal	A military officer of high rank; a marshal.
Mare's-nest	A supposed discovery which turns out to be a hoax; something grosaly absurd.
Mare's-tail	A long streaky cloud, spreading out like a horse's tail, and believed to indicate rain; a cirrus cloud. See Cloud.
Mare's-tail	An aquatic plant of the genus Hippuris (H. vulgaris), having narrow leaves in whorls.
Margarate	A compound of the so-called margaric acid with a base.
Margaric	Pertaining to, or resembling, pearl; pearly.
Margarin	A fatty substance, extracted from animal fats and certain vegetable oils, formerly supposed to be a definite compound of glycerin and margaric acid, but now known to be simply a mixture or combination of tristearin and teipalmitin.
Marasritaceous	Pertaining to, or resembling, pearl; pearly.
Margarite	A pearl.
Margarite	A mineral related to the micas, but low in silica and yielding brittle folia with pearly luster.
Margaritic	Margaric.
Margaritiferous	Producing pearls.
Margarodite	A hidrous potash mica related to muscovite.
Margarone	The ketone of margaric acid.
Margarous	Margaric; -- formerly designating a supposed acid.
Margate fish	A sparoid fish (Diabasis aurolineatus) of the Gulf of Mexico, esteemed as a food fish; -- called also red-mouth grunt.
Margay	An American wild cat (Felis tigrina), ranging from Mexico to Brazil. It is spotted with black. Called also long-tailed cat.
Marge	Border; margin; edge; verge.
Margent	A margin; border; brink; edge.
Margent	To enter or note down upon the margin of a page; to margin.
Margin	A border; edge; brink; verge; as, the margin of a river or lake.
Margin	Specifically: The part of a page at the edge left uncovered in writing or printing.
Margin	The difference between the cost and the selling price of an article.
Margin	Something allowed, or reserved, for that which can not be foreseen or known with certainty.
Margin	Collateral security deposited with a broker to secure him from loss on contracts entered into by him on behalf of his principial, as in the speculative buying and selling of stocks, wheat, etc.
Margined	of Margin
Marginging	of Margin
Margin	To furnish with a margin.
Margin	To enter in the margin of a page.
Marginal	Of or pertaining to a margin.
Marginal	Written or printed in the margin; as, a marginal note or gloss.
Marginalia	Marginal notes.
Marginally	In the margin of a book.
Marginate	Having a margin distinct in appearance or structure.
Marginate	To furnish with a distinct margin; to margin.
Marginated	Same as Marginate, a.
Margined	Having a margin.
Margined	Bordered with a distinct line of color.
Marginella	A genus of small, polished, marine univalve shells, native of all warm seas.
Marginicidal	Dehiscent by the separation of united carpels; -- said of fruits.
Margosa	A large tree of genus Melia (M. Azadirachta) found in India. Its bark is bitter, and used as a tonic. A valuable oil is expressed from its seeds, and a tenacious gum exudes from its trunk. The M. Azedarach is a much more showy tree, and is cultivated in the Southern United States, where it is known as Pride of India, Pride of China, or bead tree. Various parts of the tree are considered anthelmintic.
Margravate	Alt. of Margraviate
Margraviate	The territory or jurisdiction of a margrave.
Margrave	Originally, a lord or keeper of the borders or marches in Germany.
Margrave	The English equivalent of the German title of nobility, markgraf; a marquis.
Margravine	The wife of a margrave.
Marguerite	The daisy (Bellis perennis). The name is often applied also to the ox-eye daisy and to the China aster.
Marian	Pertaining to the Virgin Mary, or sometimes to Mary, Queen of England, daughter of Henry VIII.
Marie	Marry.
Mariet	A kind of bellflower, Companula Trachelium, once called Viola Mariana; but it is not a violet.
Marigenous	Produced in or by the sea.
Marigold	A name for several plants with golden yellow blossoms, especially the Calendula officinalis (see Calendula), and the cultivated species of Tagetes.
Marikina	A small marmoset (Midas rosalia); the silky tamarin.
Marimba	A musical istrument of percussion, consisting of bars yielding musical tones when struck.
Marimonda	A spider monkey (Ateles belzebuth) of Central and South America.
Marinade	A brine or pickle containing wine and spices, for enriching the flavor of meat and fish.
Marinate	To salt or pickle, as fish, and then preserve in oil or vinegar; to prepare by the use of marinade.
Marine	Of or pertaining to the sea; having to do with the ocean, or with navigation or naval affairs; nautical; as, marine productions or bodies; marine shells; a marine engine.
Marine	Formed by the action of the currents or waves of the sea; as, marine deposits.
Marine	A solider serving on shipboard; a sea soldier; one of a body of troops trained to do duty in the navy.
Marine	The sum of naval affairs; naval economy; the department of navigation and sea forces; the collective shipping of a country; as, the mercantile marine.
Marine	A picture representing some marine subject.
Marined	Having the lower part of the body like a fish.
Mariner	One whose occupation is to assist in navigating ships; a seaman or sailor.
Marinership	Seamanship.
Marinorama	A representation of a sea view.
Mariolater	One who worships the Virgin Mary.
Mariolatry	The worship of the Virgin Mary.
Marionette	A puppet moved by strings, as in a puppet show.
Marionette	The buffel duck.
Mariotte's law	See Boyle's law, under Law.
Mariposa lily	One of a genus (Calochortus) of tuliplike bulbous herbs with large, and often gaycolored, blossoms. Called also butterfly lily. Most of them are natives of California.
Mariput	A species of civet; the zoril.
Marish	Low, wet ground; a marsh; a fen; a bog; a moor.
Marish	Moory; fenny; boggy.
Marish	Growing in marshes.
Marital	Of or pertaining to a husband; as, marital rights, duties, authority.
Maritated	Having a husband; married.
Maritimal	Alt. of Maritimale
Maritimale	See Maritime.
Maritime	Bordering on, or situated near, the ocean; connected with the sea by site, interest, or power; having shipping and commerce or a navy; as, maritime states.
Maritime	Of or pertaining to the ocean; marine; pertaining to navigation and naval affairs, or to shipping and commerce by sea.
Marjoram	A genus of mintlike plants (Origanum) comprising about twenty-five species. The sweet marjoram (O. Majorana) is pecularly aromatic and fragrant, and much used in cookery. The wild marjoram of Europe and America is O. vulgare, far less fragrant than the other.
Mark	A license of reprisals. See Marque.
Mark	An old weight and coin. See Marc.
Mark	The unit of monetary account of the German Empire, equal to 23.8 cents of United States money; the equivalent of one hundred pfennigs. Also, a silver coin of this value.
Mark	A visible sign or impression made or left upon anything; esp., a line, point, stamp, figure, or the like, drawn or impressed, so as to attract the attention and convey some information or intimation; a token; a trace.
Mark	A character or device put on an article of merchandise by the maker to show by whom it was made; a trade-mark.
Mark	A character (usually a cross) made as a substitute for a signature by one who can not write.
Mark	A fixed object serving for guidance, as of a ship, a traveler, a surveyor, etc.; as, a seamark, a landmark.
Mark	A trace, dot, line, imprint, or discoloration, although not regarded as a token or sign; a scratch, scar, stain, etc.; as, this pencil makes a fine mark.
Mark	An evidence of presence, agency, or influence; a significative token; a symptom; a trace; specifically, a permanent impression of one's activity or character.
Mark	That toward which a missile is directed; a thing aimed at; what one seeks to hit or reach.
Mark	Attention, regard, or respect.
Mark	Limit or standard of action or fact; as, to be within the mark; to come up to the mark.
Mark	Badge or sign of honor, rank, or official station.
Mark	Preeminence; high position; as, particians of mark; a fellow of no mark.
Mark	A characteristic or essential attribute; a differential.
Mark	A number or other character used in registring; as, examination marks; a mark for tardiness.
Mark	Image; likeness; hence, those formed in one's image; children; descendants.
Mark	One of the bits of leather or colored bunting which are placed upon a sounding line at intervals of from two to five fathoms. The unmarked fathoms are called "deeps."
Marked	of Mark
Marking	of Mark
Mark	To put a mark upon; to affix a significant mark to; to make recognizable by a mark; as, to mark a box or bale of merchandise; to mark clothing.
Mark	To be a mark upon; to designate; to indicate; -- used literally and figuratively; as, this monument marks the spot where Wolfe died; his courage and energy marked him for a leader.
Mark	To leave a trace, scratch, scar, or other mark, upon, or any evidence of action; as, a pencil marks paper; his hobnails marked the floor.
Mark	To keep account of; to enumerate and register; as, to mark the points in a game of billiards or cards.
Mark	To notice or observe; to give attention to; to take note of; to remark; to heed; to regard.
Mark	To take particular notice; to observe critically; to note; to remark.
Markable	Remarkable.
Marked	Designated or distinguished by, or as by, a mark; hence; noticeable; conspicuous; as, a marked card; a marked coin; a marked instance.
Markee	See Marquee.
Marker	One who or that which marks.
Marker	One who keeps account of a game played, as of billiards.
Marker	A counter used in card playing and other games.
Marker	The soldier who forms the pilot of a wheeling column, or marks the direction of an alignment.
Marker	An attachment to a sewing machine for marking a line on the fabric by creasing it.
Market	A meeting together of people, at a stated time and place, for the purpose of traffic (as in cattle, provisions, wares, etc.) by private purchase and sale, and not by auction; as, a market is held in the town every week.
Market	A public place (as an open space in a town) or a large building, where a market is held; a market place or market house; esp., a place where provisions are sold.
Market	An opportunity for selling anything; demand, as shown by price offered or obtainable; a town, region, or country, where the demand exists; as, to find a market for one's wares; there is no market for woolen cloths in that region; India is a market for English goods.
Market	Exchange, or purchase and sale; traffic; as, a dull market; a slow market.
Market	The price for which a thing is sold in a market; market price. Hence: Value; worth.
Market	The privelege granted to a town of having a public market.
Marketed	of Market
Marketing	of Market
Market	To deal in a market; to buy or sell; to make bargains for provisions or goods.
Market	To expose for sale in a market; to traffic in; to sell in a market, and in an extended sense, to sell in any manner; as, most of the farmes have marketed their crops.
Marketable	Fit to be offered for sale in a market; such as may be justly and lawfully sold; as, dacaye/ provisions are not marketable.
Marketable	Current in market; as, marketable value.
Marketable	Wanted by purchasers; salable; as, furs are not marketable in that country.
Marketableness	Quality of being marketable.
Marketer	One who attends a market to buy or sell; one who carries goods to market.
Marketing	The act of selling or of purchasing in, or as in, a market.
Marketing	Articles in, or from, a market; supplies.
Marketstead	A market place.
Markhoor	A large wild goat (Capra megaceros), having huge flattened spiral horns. It inhabits the mountains of Northern India and Cashmere.
Marking	The act of one who, or that which, marks; the mark or marks made; arrangement or disposition of marks or coloring; as, the marking of a bird's plumage.
Markis	A marquis.
Markisesse	A marchioness.
Markman	A marksman.
Marksmen	of Marksman
Marksman	One skillful to hit a mark with a missile; one who shoots well.
Marksman	One who makes his mark, instead of writing his name, in signing documents.
Marksmanship	Skill of a marksman.
Marl	To cover, as part of a rope, with marline, marking a pecular hitch at each turn to prevent unwinding.
Marl	A mixed earthy substance, consisting of carbonate of lime, clay, and sand, in very varivble proportions, and accordingly designated as calcareous, clayey, or sandy. See Greensand.
Marled	of Marl
Marling	of Marl
Marl	To overspread or manure with marl; as, to marl a field.
Marlaceous	Resembling marl; partaking of the qualities of marl.
Marlin	The American great marbled godwit (Limosa fedoa). Applied also to the red-breasted godwit (Limosa haematica).
Marline	A small line composed of two strands a little twisted, used for winding around ropes and cables, to prevent their being weakened by fretting.
Marline	To wind marline around; as, to marline a rope.
Marlite	A variety of marl.
Marlitic	Partaking of the qualites of marlite.
Marlpit	Apit where marl is dug.
Marlstone	A sandy calcareous straum, containing, or impregnated with, iron, and lying between the upper and lower Lias of England.
Marly	Consisting or partaking of marl; resembling marl; abounding with marl.
Marmalade	A preserve or confection made of the pulp of fruit, as the quince, pear, apple, orange, etc., boiled with sugar, and brought to a jamlike consistence.
Marmalet	See Marmalade.
Marmatite	A ferruginous variety of shalerite or zinc blende, nearly black in color.
Marmolite	A thin, laminated variety of serpentine, usually of a pale green color.
Marmoraceous	Pertaining to, or like, marble.
Marmorate	Alt. of Marmorated
Marmorated	Variegated like marble; covered or overlaid with marble.
Marmoration	A covering or incrusting with marble; a casing of marble; a variegating so as to resemble marble.
Marmoratum opus	A kind of hard finish for plasterwork, made of plaster of Paris and marble dust, and capable of taking a high polish.
Marmoreal	Alt. of Marmorean
Marmorean	Pertaining to, or resembling, marble; made of marble.
Marmorosis	The metamorphism of limestone, that is, its conversion into marble.
Marmose	A species of small opossum (Didelphus murina) ranging from Mexico to Brazil.
Marmoset	Any one of numerous species of small South American monkeys of the genera Hapale and Midas, family Hapalidae. They have long soft fur, and a hairy, nonprehensile tail. They are often kept as pets. Called also squirrel monkey.
Marmot	Any rodent of the genus Arctomys. The common European marmot (A. marmotta) is about the size of a rabbit, and inhabits the higher regions of the Alps and Pyrenees. The bobac is another European species. The common American species (A. monax) is the woodchuck.
Marmot	Any one of several species of ground squirrels or gophers of the genus Spermophilus; also, the prairie dog.
Marmottes oil	A fine oil obtained from the kernel of Prunus brigantiaca. It is used instead of olive or almond oil.
Marmozet	See Marmoset.
Marone	See Maroon, the color.
Maronites	of Maronite
Maronite	One of a body of nominal Christians, who speak the Arabic language, and reside on Mount Lebanon and in different parts of Syria. They take their name from one Maron of the 6th century.
Maroon	In the West Indies and Guiana, a fugitive slave, or a free negro, living in the mountains.
Marooned	of Maroon
Marooning	of Maroon
Maroon	To put (a person) ashore on a desolate island or coast and leave him to his fate.
Maroon	Having the color called maroon. See 4th Maroon.
Maroon	A brownish or dull red of any description, esp. of a scarlet cast rather than approaching crimson or purple.
Maroon	An explosive shell. See Marron, 3.
Marplot	One who, by his officious /nterference, mars or frustrates a design or plot.
Marque	A license to pass the limits of a jurisdiction, or boundary of a country, for the purpose of making reprisals.
Marquee	A large field tent; esp., one adapted to the use of an officer of high rank.
Marquess	A marquis.
Marquetry	Inlaid work; work inlaid with pieces of wood, shells, ivory, and the like, of several colors.
Marquis	A nobleman in England, France, and Germany, of a rank next below that of duke. Originally, the marquis was an officer whose duty was to guard the marches or frontiers of the kingdom. The office has ceased, and the name is now a mere title conferred by patent.
Marquisate	The seigniory, dignity, or lordship of a marquis; the territory governed by a marquis.
Marquisdom	A marquisate.
Marquise	The wife of a marquis; a marchioness.
Marquisship	A marquisate.
Marram	A coarse grass found on sandy beaches (Ammophila arundinacea). See Beach grass, under Beach.
Marrer	One who mars or injures.
Marriable	Marriageable.
Marriage	The act of marrying, or the state of being married; legal union of a man and a woman for life, as husband and wife; wedlock; matrimony.
Marriage	The marriage vow or contract.
Marriage	A feast made on the occasion of a marriage.
Marriage	Any intimate or close union.
Marriageability	The quality or state of being marriageable.
Marriageable	Fit for, or capable of, marriage; of an age at which marriage is allowable.
Marrried	Being in the state of matrimony; wedded; as, a married man or woman.
Marrried	Of or pertaining to marriage; connubial; as, the married state.
Marrier	One who marries.
Marron	A large chestnut.
Marron	A chestnut color; maroon.
Marron	A paper or pasteboard box or shell, wound about with strong twine, filled with an explosive, and ignited with a fuse, -- used to make a noise like a cannon.
Marroon	Same as 1st Maroon.
Marrot	The razor-billed auk. See Auk.
Marrot	The common guillemot.
Marrot	The puffin.
Marrow	The tissue which fills the cavities of most bones; the medulla. In the larger cavities it is commonly very fatty, but in the smaller cavities it is much less fatty, and red or reddish in color.
Marrow	The essence; the best part.
Marrow	One of a pair; a match; a companion; an intimate associate.
Marrowed	of Marrow
Marrowing	of Marrow
Marrow	To fill with, or as with, marrow of fat; to glut.
Marrowbone	A bone containing marrow; pl. ludicrously, knee bones or knees; as, to get down on one's marrowbones, i. e., to kneel.
Marrowfat	A rich but late variety of pea.
Marrowish	Of the nature of, or like, marrow.
Marrowless	Destitute of marrow.
Marrowy	Full of marrow; pithy.
Marrubium	A genus of bitter aromatic plants, sometimes used in medicine; hoarhound.
Married	of Marry
Marrying	of Marry
Marry	To unite in wedlock or matrimony; to perform the ceremony of joining, as a man and a woman, for life; to constitute (a man and a woman) husband and wife according to the laws or customs of the place.
Marry	To join according to law, (a man) to a woman as his wife, or (a woman) to a man as her husband. See the Note to def. 4.
Marry	To dispose of in wedlock; to give away as wife.
Marry	To take for husband or wife. See the Note below.
Marry	Figuratively, to unite in the closest and most endearing relation.
Marry	To enter into the conjugal or connubial state; to take a husband or a wife.
Marry	Indeed ! in truth ! -- a term of asseveration said to have been derived from the practice of swearing by the Virgin Mary.
Mars	The god of war and husbandry.
Mars	One of the planets of the solar system, the fourth in order from the sun, or the next beyond the earth, having a diameter of about 4,200 miles, a period of 687 days, and a mean distance of 141,000,000 miles. It is conspicuous for the redness of its light.
Mars	The metallic element iron, the symbol of which / was the same as that of the planet Mars.
Marsala	A kind of wine exported from Marsala in Sicily.
Marsdenia	A genus of plants of the Milkweed family, mostly woody climbers with fragrant flowers, several species of which furnish valuable fiber, and one species (Marsdenia tinctoria) affords indigo.
Marseillais	Alt. of Marseillaise
Marseillaise	Of or pertaining to Marseilles, in France, or to its inhabitants.
Marseillais	Alt. of Marseillaise
Marseillaise	A native or inhabitant of Marseilles.
Marseilles	A general term for certain kinds of fabrics, which are formed of two series of threads interlacing each other, thus forming double cloth, quilted in the loom; -- so named because first made in Marseilles, France.
Marsh	A tract of soft wet land, commonly covered partially or wholly with water; a fen; a swamp; a morass.
Marshal	Originally, an officer who had the care of horses; a groom.
Marshal	An officer of high rank, charged with the arrangement of ceremonies, the conduct of operations, or the like
Marshal	One who goes before a prince to declare his coming and provide entertainment; a harbinger; a pursuivant.
Marshal	One who regulates rank and order at a feast or any other assembly, directs the order of procession, and the like.
Marshal	The chief officer of arms, whose duty it was, in ancient times, to regulate combats in the lists.
Marshal	The highest military officer.
Marshal	A ministerial officer, appointed for each judicial district of the United States, to execute the process of the courts of the United States, and perform various duties, similar to those of a sheriff. The name is also sometimes applied to certain police officers of a city.
Marshaled	of Marshal
Marshalled	of Marshal
Marshaling	of Marshal
Marshalling	of Marshal
Marshal	To dispose in order; to arrange in a suitable manner; as, to marshal troops or an army.
Marshal	To direct, guide, or lead.
Marshal	To dispose in due order, as the different quarterings on an escutcheon, or the different crests when several belong to an achievement.
Marshaler	One who marshals.
Marshaling	The act of arranging in due order.
Marshaling	The arrangement of an escutcheon to exhibit the alliances of the owner.
Marshalsea	The court or seat of a marshal; hence, the prison in Southwark, belonging to the marshal of the king's household.
Marshalship	The office of a marshal.
Marshbanker	Alt. of Marsebanker
Marsebanker	The menhaden.
Marshiness	The state or condition of being marshy.
Marsh marigold	A perennial plant of the genus Caltha (C. palustris), growing in wet places and bearing bright yellow flowers. In the United States it is used as a pot herb under the name of cowslip. See Cowslip.
Marshy	Resembling a marsh; wet; boggy; fenny.
Marshy	Pertaining to, or produced in, marshes; as, a marshy weed.
Marsipobranch	One of the Marsipobranchia.
Marsipobranchia	A class of Vertebrata, lower than fishes, characterized by their purselike gill cavities, cartilaginous skeletons, absence of limbs, and a suckerlike mouth destitute of jaws. It includes the lampreys and hagfishes. See Cyclostoma, and Lamprey. Called also Marsipobranchiata, and Marsipobranchii.
Marsupial	Having a pouch for carrying the immature young; of or pertaining to the Marsupialia.
Marsupial	Of or pertaining to a marsupium; as, the marsupial bones.
Marsupial	One of the Marsupialia.
Marsupialia	A subclass of Mammalia, including nearly all the mammals of Australia and the adjacent islands, together with the opossums of America. They differ from ordinary mammals in having the corpus callosum very small, in being implacental, and in having their young born while very immature. The female generally carries the young for some time after birth in an external pouch, or marsupium. Called also Marsupiata.
Marsupialian	Alt. of Marsupian
Marsupian	One of the Marsupialia.
Marsupiate	Related to or resembling the marsupials; furnished with a pouch for the young, as the marsupials, and also some fishes and Crustacea.
Marsupion	Same as Marsupium.
Marsupite	A fossil crinoid of the genus Marsupites, resembling a purse in form.
Marsupia	of Marsupium
Marsupium	The pouch, formed by a fold of the skin of the abdomen, in which marsupials carry their young; also, a pouch for similar use in other animals, as certain Crustacea.
Marsupium	The pecten in the eye of birds and reptiles. See Pecten.
Mart	A market.
Mart	A bargain.
Mart	To buy or sell in, or as in, a mart.
Mart	To traffic.
Mart	The god Mars.
Mart	Battle; contest.
Martagon	A lily (Lilium Martagon) with purplish red flowers, found in Europe and Asia.
Martel	To make a blow with, or as with, a hammer.
Martel de fer	A weapon resembling a hammer, often having one side of the head pointed; -- used by horsemen in the Middle Ages to break armor.
Marteline	A small hammer used by marble workers and sculptors.
Martello tower	A building of masonry, generally circular, usually erected on the seacoast, with a gun on the summit mounted on a traversing platform, so as to be fired in any direction.
Marten	A bird. See Martin.
Marten	Any one of several fur-bearing carnivores of the genus Mustela, closely allied to the sable. Among the more important species are the European beech, or stone, marten (Mustela foina); the pine marten (M. martes); and the American marten, or sable (M. Americana), which some zoologists consider only a variety of the Russian sable.
Marten	The fur of the marten, used for hats, muffs, etc.
Martern	Same as Marten.
Mar-text	A blundering preacher.
Martial	Of, pertaining to, or suited for, war; military; as, martial music; a martial appearance.
Martial	Practiced in, or inclined to, war; warlike; brave.
Martial	Belonging to war, or to an army and navy; -- opposed to civil; as, martial law; a court-martial.
Martial	Pertaining to, or resembling, the god, or the planet, Mars.
Martial	Pertaining to, or containing, iron; chalybeate; as, martial preparations.
Martialism	The quality of being warlike; exercises suitable for war.
Martialist	A warrior.
Martialized	of Martialize
Martializing	of Martialize
Martialize	To render warlike; as, to martialize a people.
Martially	In a martial manner.
Martialness	The quality of being martial.
Martin	A perforated stone-faced runner for grinding.
Martin	One of several species of swallows, usually having the tail less deeply forked than the tail of the common swallows.
Martinet	In military language, a strict disciplinarian; in general, one who lays stress on a rigid adherence to the details of discipline, or to forms and fixed methods.
Martinet	The martin.
Martineta	A species of tinamou (Calopezus elegans), having a long slender crest.
Martinetism	The principles or practices of a martinet; rigid adherence to discipline, etc.
Martingale	Alt. of Martingal
Martingal	A strap fastened to a horse's girth, passing between his fore legs, and fastened to the bit, or now more commonly ending in two rings, through which the reins pass. It is intended to hold down the head of the horse, and prevent him from rearing.
Martingal	A lower stay of rope or chain for the jib boom or flying jib boom, fastened to, or reeved through, the dolphin striker. Also, the dolphin striker itself.
Martingal	The act of doubling, at each stake, that which has been lost on the preceding stake; also, the sum so risked; -- metaphorically derived from the bifurcation of the martingale of a harness.
Martinmas	The feast of St. Martin, the eleventh of November; -- often called martlemans.
Martite	Iron sesquioxide in isometric form, probably a pseudomorph after magnetite.
Martlemas	See Martinmas.
Martlet	The European house martin.
Martlet	A bird without beak or feet; -- generally assumed to represent a martin. As a mark of cadency it denotes the fourth son.
Martyr	One who, by his death, bears witness to the truth of the gospel; one who is put to death for his religion; as, Stephen was the first Christian martyr.
Martyr	Hence, one who sacrifices his life, his station, or what is of great value to him, for the sake of principle, or to sustain a cause.
Martyred	of Martyr
Martyring	of Martyr
Martyr	To put to death for adhering to some belief, esp. Christianity; to sacrifice on account of faith or profession.
Martyr	To persecute; to torment; to torture.
Martyrdom	The condition of a martyr; the death of a martyr; the suffering of death on account of adherence to the Christian faith, or to any cause.
Martyrdom	Affliction; torment; torture.
Martyrization	Act of martyrizing, or state of being martyrized; torture.
Martyrize	To make a martyr of.
Martyrly	In the manner of a martyr.
Martyrologe	A martyrology.
Martyrologic	Alt. of Martyrological
Martyrological	Pertaining to martyrology or martyrs; registering, or registered in, a catalogue of martyrs.
Martyrologist	A writer of martyrology; an historian of martyrs.
-gies	of Martyrology
Martyrology	A history or account of martyrs; a register of martyrs.
Martyrship	Martyrdom.
Marvel	That which causes wonder; a prodigy; a miracle.
Marvel	Wonder.
Marveled	of Marvel
Marvelled	of Marvel
Marveling	of Marvel
Marvelling	of Marvel
Marvel	To be struck with surprise, astonishment, or wonder; to wonder.
Marvel	To marvel at.
Marvel	To cause to marvel, or be surprised; -- used impersonally.
Marvelous	Exciting wonder or surprise; astonishing; wonderful.
Marvelous	Partaking of the character of miracle, or supernatural power; incredible.
Marvelously	In a marvelous manner; wonderfully; strangely.
Marvelousness	The quality or state of being marvelous; wonderfulness; strangeness.
Marver	A stone, or cast-iron plate, or former, on which hot glass is rolled to give it shape.
Mary	Marrow.
Mary	See Marry.
Mary-bud	The marigold; a blossom of the marigold.
Maryolatry	Mariolatry.
Marysole	A large British fluke, or flounder (Rhombus megastoma); -- called also carter, and whiff.
Mascagnin	Alt. of Mascagnite
Mascagnite	Native sulphate of ammonia, found in volcanic districts; -- so named from Mascagni, who discovered it.
Mascle	A lozenge voided.
Mascled	Composed of, or covered with, lozenge-shaped scales; having lozenge-shaped divisions.
Mascot	Alt. of Mascotte
Mascotte	A person who is supposed to bring good luck to the household to which he or she belongs; anything that brings good luck.
Masculate	To make strong.
Masculine	Of the male sex; not female.
Masculine	Having the qualities of a man; suitable to, or characteristic of, a man; virile; not feminine or effeminate; strong; robust.
Masculine	Belonging to males; appropriated to, or used by, males.
Masculine	Having the inflections of, or construed with, words pertaining especially to male beings, as distinguished from feminine and neuter. See Gender.
Masculinity	The state or quality of being masculine; masculineness.
Mase	See Maze.
Maselyn	A drinking cup. See 1st Maslin, 2.
Maser	Same as Mazer.
Mash	A mesh.
Mash	A mass of mixed ingredients reduced to a soft pulpy state by beating or pressure; a mass of anything in a soft pulpy state. Specifically (Brewing), ground or bruised malt, or meal of rye, wheat, corn, or other grain (or a mixture of malt and meal) steeped and stirred in hot water for making the wort.
Mash	A mixture of meal or bran and water fed to animals.
Mash	A mess; trouble.
Mashed	of Mash
Mashing	of Mash
Mash	To convert into a mash; to reduce to a soft pulpy state by beating or pressure; to bruise; to crush; as, to mash apples in a mill, or potatoes with a pestle. Specifically (Brewing), to convert, as malt, or malt and meal, into the mash which makes wort.
Masher	One who, or that which, mashes; also (Brewing), a machine for making mash.
Masher	A charmer of women.
Mashlin	See Maslin.
Mashy	Produced by crushing or bruising; resembling, or consisting of, a mash.
Mask	A cover, or partial cover, for the face, used for disguise or protection; as, a dancer's mask; a fencer's mask; a ball player's mask.
Mask	That which disguises; a pretext or subterfuge.
Mask	A festive entertainment of dancing or other diversions, where all wear masks; a masquerade; hence, a revel; a frolic; a delusive show.
Mask	A dramatic performance, formerly in vogue, in which the actors wore masks and represented mythical or allegorical characters.
Mask	A grotesque head or face, used to adorn keystones and other prominent parts, to spout water in fountains, and the like; -- called also mascaron.
Mask	In a permanent fortification, a redoubt which protects the caponiere.
Mask	A screen for a battery.
Mask	The lower lip of the larva of a dragon fly, modified so as to form a prehensile organ.
Masked	of Mask
Masking	of Mask
Mask	To cover, as the face, by way of concealment or defense against injury; to conceal with a mask or visor.
Mask	To disguise; to cover; to hide.
Mask	To conceal; also, to intervene in the line of.
Mask	To cover or keep in check; as, to mask a body of troops or a fortess by a superior force, while some hostile evolution is being carried out.
Mask	To take part as a masker in a masquerade.
Mask	To wear a mask; to be disguised in any way.
Masked	Wearing a mask or masks; characterized by masks; cincealed; hidden.
Masked	Same as Personate.
Masked	Having the anterior part of the head differing decidedly in color from the rest of the plumage; -- said of birds.
Masker	One who wears a mask; one who appears in disguise at a masquerade.
Masker	To confuse; to stupefy.
Maskery	The dress or disguise of a maske/; masquerade.
Maskinonge	The muskellunge.
Mask shell	Any spiral marine shell of the genus Persona, having a curiously twisted aperture.
Maslach	An excitant containing opium, much used by the Turks.
Maslin	A mixture composed of different materials
Maslin	A mixture of metals resembling brass.
Maslin	A mixture of different sorts of grain, as wheat and rye.
Maslin	A vessel made of maslin, 1 (a).
Maslin	Composed of different sorts; as, maslin bread, which is made of rye mixed with a little wheat.
Mason	One whose occupation is to build with stone or brick; also, one who prepares stone for building purposes.
Mason	A member of the fraternity of Freemasons. See Freemason.
Mason	To build stonework or brickwork about, under, in, over, etc.; to construct by masons; -- with a prepositional suffix; as, to mason up a well or terrace; to mason in a kettle or boiler.
Masonic	Of or pertaining to Freemasons or to their craft or mysteries.
Masonry	The art or occupation of a mason.
Masonry	The work or performance of a mason; as, good or bad masonry; skillful masonry.
Masonry	That which is built by a mason; anything constructed of the materials used by masons, such as stone, brick, tiles, or the like. Dry masonry is applied to structures made without mortar.
Masonry	The craft, institution, or mysteries of Freemasons; freemasonry.
Masoola boat	A kind of boat used on the coast of Madras, India. The planks are sewed together with strands of coir which cross over a wadding of the same material, so that the shock on taking the beach through surf is much reduced.
Masora	A Jewish critical work on the text of the Hebrew Scriptures, composed by several learned rabbis of the school of Tiberias, in the eighth and ninth centuries.
Masoret	A Masorite.
Masoretic	Alt. of Masoretical
Masoretical	Of or relating to the Masora, or to its authors.
Masorite	One of the writers of the Masora.
Masque	A mask; a masquerade.
Masquerade	An assembly of persons wearing masks, and amusing themselves with dancing, conversation, or other diversions.
Masquerade	A dramatic performance by actors in masks; a mask. See 1st Mask, 4.
Masquerade	Acting or living under false pretenses; concealment of something by a false or unreal show; pretentious show; disguise.
Masquerade	A Spanish diversion on horseback.
Masqueraded	of Masquerade
Masquerading	of Masquerade
Masquerade	To assemble in masks; to take part in a masquerade.
Masquerade	To frolic or disport in disquise; to make a pretentious show of being what one is not.
Masquerade	To conceal with masks; to disguise.
Masquerader	One who masquerades; a person wearing a mask; one disguised.
Mass	The sacrifice in the sacrament of the Eucharist, or the consecration and oblation of the host.
Mass	The portions of the Mass usually set to music, considered as a musical composition; -- namely, the Kyrie, the Gloria, the Credo, the Sanctus, and the Agnus Dei, besides sometimes an Offertory and the Benedictus.
Massed	of Mass
Massing	of Mass
Mass	To celebrate Mass.
Mass	A quantity of matter cohering together so as to make one body, or an aggregation of particles or things which collectively make one body or quantity, usually of considerable size; as, a mass of ore, metal, sand, or water.
Mass	A medicinal substance made into a cohesive, homogeneous lump, of consistency suitable for making pills; as, blue mass.
Mass	A large quantity; a sum.
Mass	Bulk; magnitude; body; size.
Mass	The principal part; the main body.
Mass	The quantity of matter which a body contains, irrespective of its bulk or volume.
Mass	To form or collect into a mass; to form into a collective body; to bring together into masses; to assemble.
Massacre	The killing of a considerable number of human beings under circumstances of atrocity or cruelty, or contrary to the usages of civilized people; as, the massacre on St. Bartholomew's Day.
Massacre	Murder.
Massacred	of Massacre
Massacring	of Massacre
Massacre	To kill in considerable numbers where much resistance can not be made; to kill with indiscriminate violence, without necessity, and contrary to the usages of nations; to butcher; to slaughter; -- limited to the killing of human beings.
Massacrer	One who massacres.
Massage	A rubbing or kneading of the body, especially when performed as a hygienic or remedial measure.
Massasauga	The black rattlesnake (Crotalus, / Caudisona, tergemina), found in the Mississippi Valley.
Masse	Alt. of Masse shot
Masse shot	A stroke made with the cue held vertically.
Masser	A priest who celebrates Mass.
Masseter	The large muscle which raises the under jaw, and assists in mastication.
Masseteric	Of or pertaining to the masseter.
Masseterine	Masseteric.
Masseur	Alt. of Masseuse
Masseuse	One who performs massage.
Massicot	Lead protoxide, PbO, obtained as a yellow amorphous powder, the fused and crystalline form of which is called litharge; lead ocher. It is used as a pigment.
Massiness	The state or quality of being massy; ponderousness.
Massive	Forming, or consisting of, a large mass; compacted; weighty; heavy; massy.
Massive	In mass; not necessarily without a crystalline structure, but having no regular form; as, a mineral occurs massive.
Massively	In a heavy mass.
Massiveness	The state or quality of being massive; massiness.
Massoola boat	See Masoola boat.
Massora	Same as Masora.
Massoret	Same as Masorite.
Massy	Compacted into, or consisting of, a mass; having bulk and weight ot substance; ponderous; bulky and heavy; weight; heavy; as, a massy shield; a massy rock.
Mast	The fruit of the oak and beech, or other forest trees; nuts; acorns.
Mast	A pole, or long, strong, round piece of timber, or spar, set upright in a boat or vessel, to sustain the sails, yards, rigging, etc. A mast may also consist of several pieces of timber united by iron bands, or of a hollow pillar of iron or steel.
Mast	The vertical post of a derrick or crane.
Masted	of Mast
Masting	of Mast
Mast	To furnish with a mast or masts; to put the masts of in position; as, to mast a ship.
Mastax	The pharynx of a rotifer. It usually contains four horny pieces. The two central ones form the incus, against which the mallei, or lateral ones, work so as to crush the food.
Mastax	The lore of a bird.
Masted	Furnished with a mast or masts; -- chiefly in composition; as, a three-masted schooner.
Master	A vessel having (so many) masts; -- used only in compounds; as, a two-master.
Master	A male person having another living being so far subject to his will, that he can, in the main, control his or its actions; -- formerly used with much more extensive application than now. (a) The employer of a servant. (b) The owner of a slave. (c) The person to whom an apprentice is articled. (d) A sovereign, prince, or feudal noble; a chief, or one exercising similar authority. (e) The head of a household. (f) The male head of a school or college. (g) A male teacher. (h) The director of a number of persons performing a ceremony or sharing a feast. (i) The owner of a docile brute, -- especially a dog or horse. (j) The controller of a familiar spirit or other supernatural being.
Master	One who uses, or controls at will, anything inanimate; as, to be master of one's time.
Master	One who has attained great skill in the use or application of anything; as, a master of oratorical art.
Master	A title given by courtesy, now commonly pronounced mister, except when given to boys; -- sometimes written Mister, but usually abbreviated to Mr.
Master	A young gentleman; a lad, or small boy.
Master	The commander of a merchant vessel; -- usually called captain. Also, a commissioned officer in the navy ranking next above ensign and below lieutenant; formerly, an officer on a man-of-war who had immediate charge, under the commander, of sailing the vessel.
Master	A person holding an office of authority among the Freemasons, esp. the presiding officer; also, a person holding a similar office in other civic societies.
Mastered	of Master
Mastering	of Master
Master	To become the master of; to subject to one's will, control, or authority; to conquer; to overpower; to subdue.
Master	To gain the command of, so as to understand or apply; to become an adept in; as, to master a science.
Master	To own; to posses.
Master	To be skillful; to excel.
Masterdom	Dominion; rule; command.
Masterful	Inclined to play the master; domineering; imperious; arbitrary.
Masterful	Having the skill or power of a master; indicating or expressing power or mastery.
Masterfully	In a masterful manner; imperiously.
Masterhood	The state of being a master; hence, disposition to command or hector.
Masterless	Destitute of a master or owner; ungoverned or ungovernable.
Masterliness	The quality or state of being masterly; ability to control wisely or skillfully.
Masterly	Suitable to, or characteristic of, a master; indicating thorough knowledge or superior skill and power; showing a master's hand; as, a masterly design; a masterly performance; a masterly policy.
Masterly	Imperious; domineering; arbitrary.
Masterly	With the skill of a master.
Masterous	Masterly.
Masterpiece	Anything done or made with extraordinary skill; a capital performance; a chef-d'oeuvre; a supreme achievement.
Mastership	The state or office of a master.
Mastership	Mastery; dominion; superior skill; superiority.
Mastership	Chief work; masterpiece.
Mastership	An ironical title of respect.
Mastersinger	One of a class of poets which flourished in Nuremberg and some other cities of Germany in the 15th and 16th centuries. They bound themselves to observe certain arbitrary laws of rhythm.
Masterwort	A tall and coarse European umbelliferous plant (Peucedanum Ostruthium, formerly Imperatoria).
Masterwort	The Astrantia major, a European umbelliferous plant with a showy colored involucre.
Masterwort	Improperly, the cow parsnip (Heracleum lanatum).
Masteries	of Mastery
Mastery	The position or authority of a master; dominion; command; supremacy; superiority.
Mastery	Superiority in war or competition; victory; triumph; preeminence.
Mastery	Contest for superiority.
Mastery	A masterly operation; a feat.
Mastery	Specifically, the philosopher's stone.
Mastery	The act process of mastering; the state of having mastered.
Mastful	Abounding in mast; producing mast in abundance; as, the mastful forest; a mastful chestnut.
Masthead	The top or head of a mast; the part of a mast above the hounds.
Masthead	To cause to go to the masthead as a punishment.
Masthouse	A building in which vessels' masts are shaped, fitted, etc.
Mastic	A low shrubby tree of the genus Pistacia (P. Lentiscus), growing upon the islands and coasts of the Mediterranean, and producing a valuable resin; -- called also, mastic tree.
Mastic	A resin exuding from the mastic tree, and obtained by incision. The best is in yellowish white, semitransparent tears, of a faint smell, and is used as an astringent and an aromatic, also as an ingredient in varnishes.
Mastic	A kind of cement composed of burnt clay, litharge, and linseed oil, used for plastering walls, etc.
Masticable	Capable of being masticated.
Masticador	A part of a bridle, the slavering bit.
Masticated	of Masticate
Masticating	of Masticate
Masticate	To grind or crush with, or as with, the teeth and prepare for swallowing and digestion; to chew; as, to masticate food.
Masticater	One who masticates.
Mastication	The act or operation of masticating; chewing, as of food.
Masticator	One who masticates.
Masticator	A machine for cutting meat into fine pieces for toothless people; also, a machine for cutting leather, India rubber, or similar tough substances, into fine pieces, in some processes of manufacture.
Masticatory	Chewing; adapted to perform the office o/ chewing food.
-ries	of Masticatory
Masticatory	A substance to be chewed to increase the saliva.
Mastich	See Mastic.
Masticin	A white, amorphous, tenacious substance resembling caoutchouc, and obtained as an insoluble residue of mastic.
Masticot	Massicot.
Mastiffs	of Mastiff
Mastives	of Mastiff
Mastiff	A breed of large dogs noted for strength and courage. There are various strains, differing in form and color, and characteristic of different countries.
Mastigopod	One of the Mastigopoda.
Mastigopoda	The Infusoria.
Mastigure	Any one of several large spiny-tailed lizards of the genus Uromastix. They inhabit Southern Asia and North Africa.
Masting	The act or process of putting a mast or masts into a vessel; also, the scientific principles which determine the position of masts, and the mechanical methods of placing them.
Mastitis	Inflammation of the breast.
Mastless	Bearing no mast; as, a mastless oak or beech.
Mastless	Having no mast; as, a mastless vessel.
Mastlin	See Maslin.
Mastodon	An extinct genus of mammals closely allied to the elephant, but having less complex molar teeth, and often a pair of lower, as well as upper, tusks, which are incisor teeth. The species were mostly larger than elephants, and their romains occur in nearly all parts of the world in deposits ranging from Miocene to late Quaternary time.
Mastodonsaurus	A large extinct genus of labyrinthodonts, found in the European Triassic rocks.
Mastodontic	Pertaining to, or resembling, a mastodon; as, mastodontic dimensions.
Mastodynia	Alt. of Mastodyny
Mastodyny	Pain occuring in the mamma or female breast, -- a form of neuralgia.
Mastoid	Resembling the nipple or the breast; -- applied specifically to a process of the temporal bone behind the ear.
Mastoid	Pertaining to, or in the region of, the mastoid process; mastoidal.
Mastoidal	Same as Mastoid.
Mastology	The natural history of Mammalia.
Mastress	Mistress.
Masturbation	Onanism; self-pollution.
Masty	Full of mast; abounding in acorns, etc.
Masula boat	Same as Masoola boat.
Mat	A name given by coppersmiths to an alloy of copper, tin, iron, etc., usually called white metal.
Mat	Cast down; dejected; overthrown; slain.
Mat	A fabric of sedge, rushes, flags, husks, straw, hemp, or similar material, used for wiping and cleaning shoes at the door, for covering the floor of a hall or room, and for other purposes.
Mat	Any similar fabric for various uses, as for covering plant houses, putting beneath dishes or lamps on a table, securing rigging from friction, and the like.
Mat	Anything growing thickly, or closely interwoven, so as to resemble a mat in form or texture; as, a mat of weeds; a mat of hair.
Mat	An ornamental border made of paper, pasterboard, metal, etc., put under the glass which covers a framed picture; as, the mat of a daguerreotype.
Matted	of Mat
Matting	of Mat
Mat	To cover or lay with mats.
Mat	To twist, twine, or felt together; to interweave into, or like, a mat; to entangle.
Mat	To grow thick together; to become interwoven or felted together like a mat.
Matachin	An old dance with swords and bucklers; a sword dance.
Mataco	The three-banded armadillo (Tolypeutis tricinctus). See Illust. under Loricata.
Matadore	Alt. of Matador
Matador	The killer; the man appointed to kill the bull in bullfights.
Matador	In the game of quadrille or omber, the three principal trumps, the ace of spades being the first, the ace of clubs the third, and the second being the deuce of a black trump or the seven of a red one.
Matagasse	A shrike or butcher bird; -- called also mattages.
Matamata	The bearded tortoise (Chelys fimbriata) of South American rivers.
Matanza	A place where animals are slaughtered for their hides and tallow.
Match	Anything used for catching and retaining or communicating fire, made of some substance which takes fire readily, or remains burning some time; esp., a small strip or splint of wood dipped at one end in a substance which can be easily ignited by friction, as a preparation of phosphorus or chlorate of potassium.
Match	A person or thing equal or similar to another; one able to mate or cope with another; an equal; a mate.
Match	A bringing together of two parties suited to one another, as for a union, a trial of skill or force, a contest, or the like
Match	A contest to try strength or skill, or to determine superiority; an emulous struggle.
Match	A matrimonial union; a marriage.
Match	An agreement, compact, etc.
Match	A candidate for matrimony; one to be gained in marriage.
Match	Equality of conditions in contest or competition.
Match	Suitable combination or bringing together; that which corresponds or harmonizes with something else; as, the carpet and curtains are a match.
Match	A perforated board, block of plaster, hardened sand, etc., in which a pattern is partly imbedded when a mold is made, for giving shape to the surfaces of separation between the parts of the mold.
Matched	of Match
Matching	of Match
Match	To be a mate or match for; to be able to complete with; to rival successfully; to equal.
Match	To furnish with its match; to bring a match, or equal, against; to show an equal competitor to; to set something in competition with, or in opposition to, as equal.
Match	To oppose as equal; to contend successfully against.
Match	To make or procure the equal of, or that which is exactly similar to, or corresponds with; as, to match a vase or a horse; to match cloth.
Match	To make equal, proportionate, or suitable; to adapt, fit, or suit (one thing to another).
Match	To marry; to give in marriage.
Match	To fit together, or make suitable for fitting together; specifically, to furnish with a tongue and a groove, at the edges; as, to match boards.
Match	To be united in marriage; to mate.
Match	To be of equal, or similar, size, figure, color, or quality; to tally; to suit; to correspond; as, these vases match.
Matchable	Capable of being matched; comparable on equal conditions; adapted to being joined together; correspondent.
Match-cloth	A coarse cloth.
Match-coat	A coat made of match-cloth.
Matcher	One who, or that which, matches; a matching machine. See under 3d Match.
Matchless	Having no equal; unequaled.
Matchless	Unlike each other; unequal; unsuited.
Matchlock	An old form of gunlock containing a match for firing the priming; hence, a musket fired by means of a match.
Matchmaker	One who makes matches for burning or kinding.
Matchmaker	One who tries to bring about marriages.
Matchmaking	The act or process of making matches for kindling or burning.
Matchmaking	The act or process of trying to bring about a marriage for others.
Matchmaking	Busy in making or contriving marriages; as, a matchmaking woman.
Mate	The Paraguay tea, being the dried leaf of the Brazilian holly (Ilex Paraguensis). The infusion has a pleasant odor, with an agreeable bitter taste, and is much used for tea in South America.
Mate	Same as Checkmate.
Mate	See 2d Mat.
Mate	To confuse; to confound.
Mate	To checkmate.
Mate	One who customarily associates with another; a companion; an associate; any object which is associated or combined with a similar object.
Mate	Hence, specifically, a husband or wife; and among the lower animals, one of a pair associated for propagation and the care of their young.
Mate	A suitable companion; a match; an equal.
Mate	An officer in a merchant vessel ranking next below the captain. If there are more than one bearing the title, they are called, respectively, first mate, second mate, third mate, etc. In the navy, a subordinate officer or assistant; as, master's mate; surgeon's mate.
Mated	of Mate
Mating	of Mate
Mate	To match; to marry.
Mate	To match one's self against; to oppose as equal; to compete with.
Mate	To be or become a mate or mates, especially in sexual companionship; as, some birds mate for life; this bird will not mate with that one.
Mateless	Having no mate.
Matelote	A dish of food composed of many kinds of fish.
Mateology	A vain, unprofitable discourse or inquiry.
Mateotechny	Any unprofitable science.
Mater	See Alma mater, Dura mater, and Pia mater.
Material	Consisting of matter; not spiritual; corporeal; physical; as, material substance or bodies.
Material	Hence: Pertaining to, or affecting, the physical nature of man, as distinguished from the mental or moral nature; relating to the bodily wants, interests, and comforts.
Material	Of solid or weighty character; not insubstantial; of cinsequence; not be dispensed with; important.
Material	Pertaining to the matter, as opposed to the form, of a thing. See Matter.
Material	The substance or matter of which anything is made or may be made.
Material	To form from matter; to materialize.
Materialism	The doctrine of materialists; materialistic views and tenets.
Materialism	The tendency to give undue importance to material interests; devotion to the material nature and its wants.
Materialism	Material substances in the aggregate; matter.
Materialist	One who denies the existence of spiritual substances or agents, and maintains that spiritual phenomena, so called, are the result of some peculiar organization of matter.
Materialist	One who holds to the existence of matter, as distinguished from the idealist, who denies it.
Materialistic	Alt. of Materialistical
Materialistical	Of or pertaining to materialism or materialists; of the nature of materialism.
Materiality	The quality or state of being material; material existence; corporeity.
Materiality	Importance; as, the materiality of facts.
Materialization	The act of materializing, or the state of being materialized.
Materialized	of Materialize
Materializing	of Materialize
Materialize	To invest with material characteristics; to make perceptible to the senses; hence, to present to the mind through the medium of material objects.
Materialize	To regard as matter; to consider or explain by the laws or principles which are appropriate to matter.
Materialize	To cause to assume a character appropriate to material things; to occupy with material interests; as, to materialize thought.
Materialize	To make visable in, or as in, a material form; -- said of spirits.
Materialize	To appear as a material form; to take substantial shape.
Materially	In the state of matter.
Materially	In its essence; substantially.
Materially	In an important manner or degree; essentaily; as, it materially concern us to know the real motives of our actions.
Materialness	The state of being material.
Materia medica	Material or substance used in the composition of remedies; -- a general term for all substances used as curative agents in medicine.
Materia medica	That branch of medical science which treats of the nature and properties of all the substances that are employed for the cure of diseases.
Materiarian	See Materialist.
Materiate	Alt. of Materiated
Materiated	Consisting of matter.
Materiation	Act of forming matter.
Materiel	That in a complex system which constitutes the materials, or instruments employed, in distinction from the personnel, or men; as, the baggage, munitions, provisions, etc., of an army; or the buildings, libraries, and apparatus of a college, in distinction from its officers.
Materious	See Material.
Maternal	Of or pertaining to a mother; becoming to a mother; motherly; as, maternal love; maternal tenderness.
Maternally	In a motherly manner.
Maternity	The state of being a mother; the character or relation of a mother.
Matfelon	The knapweed (Centaurea nigra).
Math	A mowing, or that which is gathered by mowing; -- chiefly used in composition; as, an aftermath.
Mathematic	See Mathematical.
Mathematical	Of or pertaining to mathematics; according to mathematics; hence, theoretically precise; accurate; as, mathematical geography; mathematical instruments; mathematical exactness.
Mathematician	One versed in mathematics.
Mathematics	That science, or class of sciences, which treats of the exact relations existing between quantities or magnitudes, and of the methods by which, in accordance with these relations, quantities sought are deducible from other quantities known or supposed; the science of spatial and quantitative relations.
Mather	See Madder.
Mathes	The mayweed.  Cf. Maghet.
Mathesis	Learning; especially, mathematics.
Mathurin	See Trinitarian.
Matico	A Peruvian plant (Piper, / Artanthe, elongatum), allied to the pepper, the leaves of which are used as a styptic and astringent.
Matie	A fat herring with undeveloped roe.
M/tin	A French mastiff.
Matin	Morning.
Matin	Morning worship or service; morning prayers or songs.
Matin	Time of morning service; the first canonical hour in the Roman Catholic Church.
Matin	Of or pertaining to the morning, or to matins; used in the morning; matutinal.
Matinal	Relating to the morning, or to matins; matutinal.
Matinee	A reception, or a musical or dramatic entertainment, held in the daytime. See SoirEe.
Matrass	A round-bottomed glass flask having a long neck; a bolthead.
Matress	See Matress.
Matriarch	The mother and ruler of a family or of her descendants; a ruler by maternal right.
Matriarchal	Of or pertaining to a matriarch; governed by a matriarch.
Matriarchate	The office or jurisdiction of a matriarch; a matriarchal form of government.
Matrice	See Matrix.
Matricidal	Of or pertaining to matricide.
Matricide	The murder of a mother by her son or daughter.
Matricide	One who murders one's own mother.
Matriculated	of Matriculate
Matriculating	of Matriculate
Matriculate	To enroll; to enter in a register; specifically, to enter or admit to membership in a body or society, particularly in a college or university, by enrolling the name in a register.
Matriculate	To go though the process of admission to membership, as by examination and enrollment, in a society or college.
Matriculate	Matriculated.
Matriculate	One who is matriculated.
Matriculation	The act or process of matriculating; the state of being matriculated.
Matrimoine	Matrimony.
Matrimonial	Of or pertaining to marriage; derived from marriage; connubial; nuptial; hymeneal; as, matrimonial rights or duties.
Matrimonially	In a matrimonial manner.
Matrimonious	Matrimonial.
Matrimony	The union of man and woman as husband and wife; the nuptial state; marriage; wedlock.
Matrimony	A kind of game at cards played by several persons.
Matrices	of Matrix
Matrix	The womb.
Matrix	Hence, that which gives form or origin to anything
Matrix	The cavity in which anything is formed, and which gives it shape; a die; a mold, as for the face of a type.
Matrix	The earthy or stony substance in which metallic ores or crystallized minerals are found; the gangue.
Matrix	The five simple colors, black, white, blue, red, and yellow, of which all the rest are composed.
Matrix	The lifeless portion of tissue, either animal or vegetable, situated between the cells; the intercellular substance.
Matrix	A rectangular arrangement of symbols in rows and columns. The symbols may express quantities or operations.
Matron	A wife or a widow, especially, one who has borne children; a woman of staid or motherly manners.
Matron	A housekeeper; esp., a woman who manages the domestic economy of a public instution; a head nurse in a hospital; as, the matron of a school or hospital.
Matronage	The state of a matron.
Matronage	The collective body of matrons.
Matronal	Of or pertaining to a matron; suitable to an elderly lady or to a married woman; grave; motherly.
Matronhood	The state of being a matron.
Matronized	of Matronize
Matronizing	of Matronize
Matronize	To make a matron of; to make matronlike.
Matronize	To act the part of a marton toward; to superintend; to chaperone; as, to matronize an assembly.
Matronlike	Like a matron; sedate; grave; matronly.
Matronly	Advanced in years; elderly.
Matronly	Like, or befitting, a matron; grave; sedate.
Matronymic	See Metronymic.
Matross	Formerly, in the British service, a gunner or a gunner's mate; one of the soldiers in a train of artillery, who assisted the gunners in loading, firing, and sponging the guns.
Matt	See Matte.
Mattages	A shrike or butcher bird; -- written also matagasse.
Mattamore	A subterranean repository for wheat.
Matte	A partly reduced copper sulphide, obtained by alternately roasting and melting copper ore in separating the metal from associated iron ores, and called coarse metal, fine metal, etc., according to the grade of fineness. On the exterior it is dark brown or black, but on a fresh surface is yellow or bronzy in color.
Matte	A dead or dull finish, as in gilding where the gold leaf is not burnished, or in painting where the surface is purposely deprived of gloss.
Matted	Having a dull surface; unburnished; as, matted gold leaf or gilding.
Matted	Covered with a mat or mats; as, a matted floor.
Matted	Tangled closely together; having its parts adhering closely together; as, matted hair.
Matter	That of which anything is composed; constituent substance; material; the material or substantial part of anything; the constituent elements of conception; that into which a notion may be analyzed; the essence; the pith; the embodiment.
Matter	That of which the sensible universe and all existent bodies are composed; anything which has extension, occupies space, or is perceptible by the senses; body; substance.
Matter	That with regard to, or about which, anything takes place or is done; the thing aimed at, treated of, or treated; subject of action, discussion, consideration, feeling, complaint, legal action, or the like; theme.
Matter	That which one has to treat, or with which one has to do; concern; affair; business.
Matter	Affair worthy of account; thing of consequence; importance; significance; moment; -- chiefly in the phrases what matter ? no matter, and the like.
Matter	Inducing cause or occasion, especially of anything disagreeable or distressing; difficulty; trouble.
Matter	Amount; quantity; portion; space; -- often indefinite.
Matter	Substance excreted from living animal bodies; that which is thrown out or discharged in a tumor, boil, or abscess; pus; purulent substance.
Matter	That which is permanent, or is supposed to be given, and in or upon which changes are effected by psychological or physical processes and relations; -- opposed to form.
Matter	Written manuscript, or anything to be set in type; copy; also, type set up and ready to be used, or which has been used, in printing.
Mattered	of Matter
Mattering	of Matter
Matter	To be of importance; to import; to signify.
Matter	To form pus or matter, as an abscess; to maturate.
Matter	To regard as important; to take account of; to care for.
Matterless	Not being, or having, matter; as, matterless spirits.
Matterless	Unimportant; immaterial.
Matter-of-fact	Adhering to facts; not turning aside from absolute realities; not fanciful or imaginative; commonplace; dry.
Mattery	Generating or containing pus; purulent.
Mattery	Full of substance or matter; important.
Matting	The act of interweaving or tangling together so as to make a mat; the process of becoming matted.
Matting	Mats, in general, or collectively; mat work; a matlike fabric, for use in covering floors, packing articles, and the like; a kind of carpeting made of straw, etc.
Matting	Materials for mats.
Matting	An ornamental border. See 3d Mat, 4.
Matting	A dull, lusterless surface in certain of the arts, as gilding, metal work, glassmaking, etc.
Mattock	An implement for digging and grubbing. The head has two long steel blades, one like an adz and the other like a narrow ax or the point of a pickax.
Mattowacca	An American clupeoid fish (Clupea mediocris), similar to the shad in habits and appearance, but smaller and less esteemed for food; -- called also hickory shad, tailor shad, fall herring, and shad herring.
Mattress	A quilted bed; a bed stuffed with hair, moss, or other suitable material, and quilted or otherwise fastened.
Mattress	A mass of interwoven brush, poles, etc., to protect a bank from being worn away by currents or waves.
Maturant	A medicine, or application, which promotes suppuration.
Maturated	of Maturate
Maturating	of Maturate
Maturate	To bring to ripeness or maturity; to ripen.
Maturate	To promote the perfect suppuration of (an abscess).
Maturate	To ripen; to become mature; specif/cally, to suppurate.
Maturation	The process of bringing, or of coming, to maturity; hence, specifically, the process of suppurating perfectly; the formation of pus or matter.
Maturative	Conducing to ripeness or maturity; hence, conducing to suppuration.
Maturative	A remedy promoting maturation; a maturant.
Mature	Brought by natural process to completeness of growth and development; fitted by growth and development for any function, action, or state, appropriate to its kind; full-grown; ripe.
Mature	Completely worked out; fully digested or prepared; ready for action; made ready for destined application or use; perfected; as, a mature plan.
Mature	Of or pertaining to a condition of full development; as, a man of mature years.
Mature	Come to, or in a state of, completed suppuration.
Matured	of Mature
Maturing	of Mature
Mature	To bring or hasten to maturity; to promote ripeness in; to ripen; to complete; as, to mature one's plans.
Mature	To advance toward maturity; to become ripe; as, wine matures by age; the judgment matures by age and experience.
Mature	Hence, to become due, as a note.
Maturely	In a mature manner; with ripeness; completely.
Maturely	With caution; deliberately.
Maturely	Early; soon.
Matureness	The state or quality of being mature; maturity.
Maturer	One who brings to maturity.
Maturescent	Approaching maturity.
Maturing	Approaching maturity; as, maturing fruits; maturing notes of hand.
Maturity	The state or quality of being mature; ripeness; full development; as, the maturity of corn or of grass; maturity of judgment; the maturity of a plan.
Maturity	Arrival of the time fixed for payment; a becoming due; termination of the period a note, etc., has to run.
Matutinal	Of or pertaining to the morning; early.
Matutinary	Matutinal.
Matutine	Matutinal.
Matweed	A name of several maritime grasses, as the sea sand-reed (Ammophila arundinacea) which is used in Holland to bind the sand of the seacoast dikes (see Beach grass, under Beach); also, the Lygeum Spartum, a Mediterranean grass of similar habit.
Maty	A native house servant in India.
Matzoth	A cake of unleavened bread eaten by the Jews at the feast of the Passover.
Maucaco	A lemur; -- applied to several species, as the White-fronted, the ruffed, and the ring-tailed lemurs.
Maud	A gray plaid; -- used by shepherds in Scotland.
Maudle	To throw onto confusion or disorder; to render maudlin.
Maudlin	Tearful; easily moved to tears; exciting to tears; excessively sentimental; weak and silly.
Maudlin	Drunk, or somewhat drunk; fuddled; given to drunkenness.
Maudlin	Alt. of Maudeline
Maudeline	An aromatic composite herb, the costmary; also, the South European Achillea Ageratum, a kind of yarrow.
Muadlinism	A maudlin state.
Maudlinwort	The oxeye daisy.
Mauger	Alt. of Maugre
Maugre	In spite of; in opposition to; notwithstanding.
Maugre	To defy.
Maukin	See Malkin.
Maukin	A hare.
Maul	A heavy wooden hammer or beetle.
Mauled	of Maul
Mauling	of Maul
Maul	To beat and bruise with a heavy stick or cudgel; to wound in a coarse manner.
Maul	To injure greatly; to do much harm to.
Maule	The common mallow.
Mauling	A severe beating with a stick, cudgel, or the fist.
Maul-stick	A stick used by painters as a rest for the hand while working.
Maumet	See Mawmet.
Maunch	To munch.
Maunch	See Manche.
Maund	A hand basket.
Maund	An East Indian weight, varying in different localities from 25 to about 82 pounds avoirdupois.
Maund	Alt. of Maunder
Maunder	To beg.
Maunder	To mutter; to mumble; to grumble; to speak indistinctly or disconnectedly; to talk incoherently.
Maunder	To utter in a grumbling manner; to mutter.
Maunder	A beggar.
Maunderer	One who maunders.
Maundril	A pick with two prongs, to pry with.
Maundy Thursday	The Thursday in Passion week, or next before Good Friday.
Maungy	Mangy.
Mauresque	See Moresque.
Maurist	A member of the Congregation of Saint Maur, an offshoot of the Benedictines, originating in France in the early part of the seventeenth century. The Maurists have been distinguished for their interest in literature.
Mausolean	Pertaining to a mausoleum; monumental.
Mausoleums	of Mausoleum
-lea	of Mausoleum
Mausoleum	A magnificent tomb, or stately sepulchral monument.
Mauther	A girl; esp., a great, awkward girl; a wench.
Mauvaniline	See Mauve aniline, under Mauve.
Mauve	A color of a delicate purple, violet, or lilac.
Mauveine	An artificial organic base, obtained by oxidizing a mixture of aniline and toluidine, and valuable for the dyestuffs it forms.
Mauvine	Mauve-colored.
Maverick	In the southwestern part of the united States, a bullock or heifer that has not been branded, and is unclaimed or wild; -- said to be from Maverick, the name of a cattle owner in Texas who neglected to brand his cattle.
Mavis	The European throstle or song thrush (Turdus musicus).
Maw	A gull.
Maw	A stomach; the receptacle into which food is taken by swallowing; in birds, the craw; -- now used only of the lower animals, exept humorously or in contempt.
Maw	Appetite; inclination.
Maw	An old game at cards.
Mawk	A maggot.
Mawk	A slattern; a mawks.
Mawkin	See Malkin, and Maukin.
Mawkingly	Slatternly.
Mawkish	Apt to cause satiety or loathing; nauseous; disgusting.
Mawkish	Easily disgusted; squeamish; sentimentally fastidious.
Mawkishly	In a mawkish way.
Mawkishness	The quality or state of being mawkish.
Mawks	A slattern; a mawk.
Mawky	Maggoty.
Mawmet	A puppet; a doll; originally, an idol, because in the Middle Ages it was generally believed that the Mohammedans worshiped images representing Mohammed.
Mawmetry	The religion of Mohammed; also, idolatry. See Mawmet.
Mawmish	Nauseous.
Mawseed	The seed of the opium poppy.
Mawworm	Any intestinal worm found in the stomach, esp. the common round worm (Ascaris lumbricoides), and allied species.
Mawworm	One of the larvae of botflies of horses; a bot.
Maxillae	of Maxilla
Maxilla	The bone of either the upper or the under jaw.
Maxilla	The bone, or principal bone, of the upper jaw, the bone of the lower jaw being the mandible.
Maxilla	One of the lower or outer jaws of arthropods.
Maxillar	Alt. of Maxillary
Maxillary	Pertaining to either the upper or the lower jaw, but now usually applied to the upper jaw only.
Maxillary	The principal maxillary bone; the maxilla.
Maxillary	Of or pertaining to a maxilla.
Maxilliform	Having the form, or structure, of a maxilla.
Maxilliped	One of the mouth appendages of Crustacea, situated next behind the maxillae. Crabs have three pairs, but many of the lower Crustacea have but one pair of them. Called also jawfoot, and foot jaw.
Maxillo-mandibular	Pertaining to the maxilla and mandible; as, the maxillo-mandibular nerve.
Maxillo-palatine	Pertaining to the maxillary and palatine regions of the skull; as, the maxillo-palatine process of the maxilla. Also used as n.
Maxilloturbinal	Pertaining to the maxillary and turbinal regions of the skull.
Maxilloturbinal	The maxillo-turbinal, or inferior turbinate, bone.
Maxim	An established principle or proposition; a condensed proposition of important practical truth; an axiom of practical wisdom; an adage; a proverb; an aphorism.
Maxim	The longest note formerly used, equal to two longs, or four breves; a large.
Maximilian	A gold coin of Bavaria, of the value of about 13s. 6d. sterling, or about three dollars and a quarter.
Maximization	The act or process of increasing to the highest degree.
Maximize	To increase to the highest degree.
Maxima	of Maximum
Maximum	The greatest quantity or value attainable in a given case; or, the greatest value attained by a quantity which first increases and then begins to decrease; the highest point or degree; -- opposed to minimum.
Maximum	Greatest in quantity or highest in degree attainable or attained; as, a maximum consumption of fuel; maximum pressure; maximum heat.
Might	of May
May	An auxiliary verb qualifyng the meaning of another verb, by expressing: (a) Ability, competency, or possibility; -- now oftener expressed by can.
May	A maiden.
May	The fifth month of the year, containing thirty-one days.
May	The early part or springtime of life.
May	The flowers of the hawthorn; -- so called from their time of blossoming; also, the hawthorn.
May	The merrymaking of May Day.
Maya	The name for the doctrine of the unreality of matter, called, in English, idealism; hence, nothingness; vanity; illusion.
Maybe	Perhaps; possibly; peradventure.
Maybe	Possible; probable, but not sure.
Maybe	Possibility; uncertainty.
Maybird	The whimbrel; -- called also May fowl, May curlew, and May whaap.
Maybird	The knot.
Maybird	The bobolink.
Maybloom	The hawthorn.
Maybush	The hawthorn.
Mayduke	A large dark-red cherry of excellent quality.
Mayfish	A common American minnow (Fundulus majalis). See Minnow.
Mayflower	In England, the hawthorn; in New England, the trailing arbutus (see Arbutus); also, the blossom of these plants.
Mayhap	Perhaps; peradventure.
Mayhem	The maiming of a person by depriving him of the use of any of his members which are necessary for defense or protection. See Maim.
Maying	The celebrating of May Day.
Mayonnaise	A sauce compounded of raw yolks of eggs beaten up with olive oil to the consistency of a sirup, and seasoned with vinegar, pepper, salt, etc.; -- used in dressing salads, fish, etc. Also, a dish dressed with this sauce.
Mayor	The chief magistrate of a city or borough; the chief officer of a municipal corporation. In some American cities there is a city court of which the major is chief judge.
Mayoral	The conductir of a mule team; also, a head shepherd.
Mayoralty	The office, or the term of office, of a mayor.
Mayoress	The wife of a mayor.
Mayorship	The office of a mayor.
Maypole	A tall pole erected in an open place and wreathed with flowers, about which the rustic May-day sports were had.
Maypop	The edible fruit of a passion flower, especially that of the North American Passiflora incarnata, an oval yellowish berry as large as a small apple.
Mayweed	A composite plant (Anthemis Cotula), having a strong odor; dog's fennel. It is a native of Europe, now common by the roadsides in the United States.
Mayweed	The feverfew.
Mazama	Alt. of Mazame
Mazame	A goatlike antelope (Haplocerus montanus) which inhabits the Rocky Mountains, frequenting the highest parts; -- called also mountain goat.
Mazard	A kind of small black cherry.
Mazard	The jaw; the head or skull.
Mazard	To knock on the head.
Mazarine	Of or pertaining to Cardinal Mazarin, prime minister of France, 1643-1661.
Mazarine	Mazarine blue.
Mazdean	Of or pertaining to Ahura-Mazda, or Ormuzd, the beneficent deity in the Zoroastrian dualistic system; hence, Zoroastrian.
Mazdeism	The Zoroastrian religion.
Maze	A wild fancy; a confused notion.
Maze	Confusion of thought; perplexity; uncertainty; state of bewilderment.
Maze	A confusing and baffling network, as of paths or passages; an intricacy; a labyrinth.
Mazed	of Maze
Mazing	of Maze
Maze	To perplex greatly; to bewilder; to astonish and confuse; to amaze.
Maze	To be bewildered.
Mazedness	The condition of being mazed; confusion; astonishment.
Mazeful	Mazy.
Mazer	A large drinking bowl; -- originally made of maple.
Mazily	In a mazy manner.
Maziness	The state or quality of being mazy.
Mazological	Of or pertaining to mazology.
Mazologist	One versed in mazology or mastology.
Mazology	Same as Mastology.
Mazourka	Alt. of Mazurka
Mazurka	A Polish dance, or the music which accompanies it, usually in 3-4 or 3-8 measure, with a strong accent on the second beat.
Mazy	Perplexed with turns and windings; winding; intricate; confusing; perplexing; embarrassing; as, mazy error.
Me	One. See Men, pron.
Me	The person speaking, regarded as an object; myself; a pronoun of the first person used as the objective and dative case of the pronoum I; as, he struck me; he gave me the money, or he gave the money to me; he got me a hat, or he got a hat for me.
Meach	To skulk; to cower. See Mich.
Meacock	An uxorious, effeminate, or spiritless man.
Mead	A fermented drink made of water and honey with malt, yeast, etc.; metheglin; hydromel.
Mead	A drink composed of sirup of sarsaparilla or other flavoring extract, and water. It is sometimes charged with carbonic acid gas.
Mead	A meadow.
Meadow	A tract of low or level land producing grass which is mown for hay; any field on which grass is grown for hay.
Meadow	Low land covered with coarse grass or rank herbage near rives and in marshy places by the sea; as, the salt meadows near Newark Bay.
Meadow	Of or pertaining to a meadow; of the nature of a meadow; produced, growing, or living in, a meadow.
Meadowsweet	Alt. of Meadowwort
Meadowwort	The name of several plants of the genus Spiraea, especially the white- or pink-flowered S. salicifolia, a low European and American shrub, and the herbaceous S. Ulmaria, which has fragrant white flowers in compound cymes.
Meadowy	Of or pertaining to meadows; resembling, or consisting of, meadow.
Meager	Alt. of Meagre
Meagre	Destitue of, or having little, flesh; lean.
Meagre	Destitute of richness, fertility, strength, or the like; defective in quantity, or poor in quality; poor; barren; scanty in ideas; wanting strength of diction or affluence of imagery.
Meagre	Dry and harsh to the touch, as chalk.
Meager	Alt. of Meagre
Meagre	To make lean.
Meagerly	Alt. of Meagrely
Meagrely	Poorly; thinly.
Meagerness	Alt. of Meagreness
Meagreness	The state or quality of being meager; leanness; scantiness; barrenness.
Meagre	A large European sciaenoid fish (Sciaena umbra or S. aquila), having white bloodless flesh. It is valued as a food fish.
Meak	A hook with a long handle.
Meaking	The process of picking out the oakum from the seams of a vessel which is to be recalked.
Meal	A part; a fragment; a portion.
Meal	The portion of food taken at a particular time for the satisfaction of appetite; the quantity usually taken at one time with the purpose of satisfying hunger; a repast; the act or time of eating a meal; as, the traveler has not eaten a good meal for a week; there was silence during the meal.
Meal	Grain (esp. maize, rye, or oats) that is coarsely ground and unbolted; also, a kind of flour made from beans, pease, etc.; sometimes, any flour, esp. if coarse.
Meal	Any substance that is coarsely pulverized like meal, but not granulated.
Meal	To sprinkle with, or as with, meal.
Meal	To pulverize; as, mealed powder.
Mealies	Maize or Indian corn; -- the common name in South Africa.
Mealiness	The quality or state of being mealy.
Meal-mouthed	See Mealy-mouthed.
Mealtime	The usual time of eating a meal.
Mealy	Having the qualities of meal; resembling meal; soft, dry, and friable; easily reduced to a condition resembling meal; as, a mealy potato.
Mealy	Overspread with something that resembles meal; as, the mealy wings of an insect.
Mealy-mouthed	Using soft words; plausible; affectedly or timidly delicate of speech; unwilling to tell the truth in plain language.
Meant	of Mean
Meaning	of Mean
Mean	To have in the mind, as a purpose, intention, etc.; to intend; to purpose; to design; as, what do you mean to do ?
Mean	To signify; to indicate; to import; to denote.
Mean	To have a purpose or intention.
Mean	Destitute of distinction or eminence; common; low; vulgar; humble.
Mean	Wanting dignity of mind; low-minded; base; destitute of honor; spiritless; as, a mean motive.
Mean	Of little value or account; worthy of little or no regard; contemptible; despicable.
Mean	Of poor quality; as, mean fare.
Mean	Penurious; stingy; close-fisted; illiberal; as, mean hospitality.
Mean	Occupying a middle position; middle; being about midway between extremes.
Mean	Intermediate in excellence of any kind.
Mean	Average; having an intermediate value between two extremes, or between the several successive values of a variable quantity during one cycle of variation; as, mean distance; mean motion; mean solar day.
Mean	That which is mean, or intermediate, between two extremes of place, time, or number; the middle point or place; middle rate or degree; mediocrity; medium; absence of extremes or excess; moderation; measure.
Mean	A quantity having an intermediate value between several others, from which it is derived, and of which it expresses the resultant value; usually, unless otherwise specified, it is the simple average, formed by adding the quantities together and dividing by their number, which is called an arithmetical mean. A geometrical mean is the square root of the product of the quantities.
Mean	That through which, or by the help of which, an end is attained; something tending to an object desired; intermediate agency or measure; necessary condition or coagent; instrument.
Mean	Hence: Resources; property, revenue, or the like, considered as the condition of easy livelihood, or an instrumentality at command for effecting any purpose; disposable force or substance.
Mean	A part, whether alto or tenor, intermediate between the soprano and base; a middle part.
Mean	Meantime; meanwhile.
Mean	A mediator; a go-between.
Meander	A winding, crooked, or involved course; as, the meanders of the veins and arteries.
Meander	A tortuous or intricate movement.
Meander	Fretwork. See Fret.
Meander	To wind, turn, or twist; to make flexuous.
Meandered	of Meander
Meandering	of Meander
Meander	To wind or turn in a course or passage; to be intricate.
Meandrian	Winding; having many turns.
Meandrina	A genus of corals with meandering grooves and ridges, including the brain corals.
Meandrous	Alt. of Meandry
Meandry	Winding; flexuous.
Meaning	That which is meant or intended; intent; purpose; aim; object; as, a mischievous meaning was apparent.
Meaning	That which is signified, whether by act lanquage; signification; sence; import; as, the meaning of a hint.
Meaning	Sense; power of thinking.
Meanly	Moderately.
Meanly	In a mean manner; unworthily; basely; poorly; ungenerously.
Meanness	The condition, or quality, of being mean; want of excellence; poorness; lowness; baseness; sordidness; stinginess.
Meanness	A mean act; as, to be guilty of meanness.
Mean-spirited	Of a mean spirit; base; groveling.
Meant	imp. & p. p. of Mean.
Meantime	Alt. of Meanwhile
Meanwhile	The intervening time; as, in the meantime (or mean time).
Meantime	Alt. of Meanwhile
Meanwhile	In the intervening time; during the interval.
Mear	A boundary. See Mere.
Mease	Five hundred; as, a mease of herrings.
Measelry	Leprosy.
Measle	A leper.
Measle	A tapeworm larva. See 2d Measles, 4.
Measled	Infected or spotted with measles, as pork.
Measles	Leprosy; also, a leper.
Measles	A contagious febrile disorder commencing with catarrhal symptoms, and marked by the appearance on the third day of an eruption of distinct red circular spots, which coalesce in a crescentic form, are slightly raised above the surface, and after the fourth day of the eruption gradually decline; rubeola.
Measles	A disease of cattle and swine in which the flesh is filled with the embryos of different varieties of the tapeworm.
Measles	A disease of trees.
Measles	The larvae of any tapeworm (Taenia) in the cysticerus stage, when contained in meat. Called also bladder worms.
Measly	Infected with measles.
Measly	Containing larval tapeworms; -- said of pork and beef.
Measurable	Capable of being measured; susceptible of mensuration or computation.
Measurable	Moderate; temperate; not excessive.
Measure	A standard of dimension; a fixed unit of quantity or extent; an extent or quantity in the fractions or multiples of which anything is estimated and stated; hence, a rule by which anything is adjusted or judged.
Measure	An instrument by means of which size or quantity is measured, as a graduated line, rod, vessel, or the like.
Measure	The dimensions or capacity of anything, reckoned according to some standard; size or extent, determined and stated; estimated extent; as, to take one's measure for a coat.
Measure	The contents of a vessel by which quantity is measured; a quantity determined by a standard; a stated or limited quantity or amount.
Measure	Extent or degree not excessive or beyong bounds; moderation; due restraint; esp. in the phrases, in measure; with measure; without or beyond measure.
Measure	Determined extent, not to be exceeded; limit; allotted share, as of action, influence, ability, or the like; due proportion.
Measure	The quantity determined by measuring, especially in buying and selling; as, to give good or full measure.
Measure	Undefined quantity; extent; degree.
Measure	Regulated division of movement
Measure	A regulated movement corresponding to the time in which the accompanying music is performed; but, especially, a slow and stately dance, like the minuet.
Measure	The group or grouping of beats, caused by the regular recurrence of accented beats.
Measure	The space between two bars.
Measure	The manner of ordering and combining the quantities, or long and short syllables; meter; rhythm; hence, a foot; as, a poem in iambic measure.
Measure	A number which is contained in a given number a number of times without a remainder; as in the phrases, the common measure, the greatest common measure, etc., of two or more numbers.
Measure	A step or definite part of a progressive course or policy; a means to an end; an act designed for the accomplishment of an object; as, political measures; prudent measures; an inefficient measure.
Measure	The act of measuring; measurement.
Measure	Beds or strata; as, coal measures; lead measures.
Measured	of Measure
Measuring	of Measure
Measure	To ascertain by use of a measuring instrument; to compute or ascertain the extent, quantity, dimensions, or capacity of, by a certain rule or standard; to take the dimensions of; hence, to estimate; to judge of; to value; to appraise.
Measure	To serve as the measure of; as, the thermometer measures changes of temperature.
Measure	To pass throught or over in journeying, as if laying off and determining the distance.
Measure	To adjust by a rule or standard.
Measure	To allot or distribute by measure; to set off or apart by measure; -- often with out or off.
Measure	To make a measurement or measurements.
Measure	To result, or turn out, on measuring; as, the grain measures well; the pieces measure unequally.
Measure	To be of a certain size or quantity, or to have a certain length, breadth, or thickness, or a certain capacity according to a standard measure; as, cloth measures three fourths of a yard; a tree measures three feet in diameter.
Measured	Regulated or determined by a standard; hence, equal; uniform; graduated; limited; moderated; as, he walked with measured steps; he expressed himself in no measured terms.
Measureless	Without measure; unlimited; immeasurable.
Measurement	The act or result of measuring; mensuration; as, measurement is required.
Measurement	The extent, size, capacity, amount. or quantity ascertained by measuring; as, its measurement is five acres.
Measurer	One who measures; one whose occupation or duty is to measure commondities in market.
Measuring	Used in, or adapted for, ascertaining measurements, or dividing by measure.
Meat	Food, in general; anything eaten for nourishment, either by man or beast. Hence, the edible part of anything; as, the meat of a lobster, a nut, or an egg.
Meat	The flesh of animals used as food; esp., animal muscle; as, a breakfast of bread and fruit without meat.
Meat	Specifically, dinner; the chief meal.
Meat	To supply with food.
Meatal	Of or pertaining to a meatus; resembling a meatus.
Meated	Fed; fattened.
Meated	Having (such) meat; -- used chiefly in composition; as, thick-meated.
Meath	Alt. of Meathe
Meathe	A sweet liquor; mead.
Meatiness	Quality of being meaty.
Meatless	Having no meat; without food.
Meatoscope	A speculum for examining a natural passage, as the urethra.
Meatotome	An instrument for cutting into the urethra so as to enlarge its orifice.
Meatuses	of Meatus
Meatus	A natural passage or canal; as, the external auditory meatus. See Illust. of Ear.
Meaty	Abounding in meat.
Meaw	The sea mew.
Meaw	See Mew, to cry as a cat.
Meawl	See Mewl, and Miaul.
Meazel	See 1st Measle.
Meazling	Falling in small drops; mistling; mizzing.
Mebles	See Moebles.
Mecate	A rope of hair or of maguey fiber, for tying horses, etc.
Meccawee	Of or pertaining to Mecca, in Arabia.
Meccawee	A native or inhabitant of Mecca.
Mechanic	The art of the application of the laws of motion or force to construction.
Mechanic	A mechanician; an artisan; an artificer; one who practices any mechanic art; one skilled or employed in shaping and uniting materials, as wood, metal, etc., into any kind of structure, machine, or other object, requiring the use of tools, or instruments.
Mechanic	Having to do with the application of the laws of motion in the art of constructing or making things; of or pertaining to mechanics; mechanical; as, the mechanic arts.
Mechanic	Of or pertaining to a mechanic or artificer, or to the class of artisans; hence, rude; common; vulgar.
Mechanic	Base.
Mechanical	Pertaining to, governed by, or in accordance with, mechanics, or the laws of motion; pertaining to the quantitative relations of force and matter, as distinguished from mental, vital, chemical, etc.; as, mechanical principles; a mechanical theory; mechanical deposits.
Mechanical	Of or pertaining to a machine or to machinery or tools; made or formed by a machine or with tools; as, mechanical precision; mechanical products.
Mechanical	Done as if by a machine; uninfluenced by will or emotion; proceeding automatically, or by habit, without special intention or reflection; as, mechanical singing; mechanical verses; mechanical service.
Mechanical	Made and operated by interaction of forces without a directing intelligence; as, a mechanical universe.
Mechanical	Obtained by trial, by measurements, etc.; approximate; empirical. See the 2d Note under Geometric.
Mechanical	A mechanic.
Mechanicalize	To cause to become mechanical.
Mechanically	In a mechanical manner.
Mechanicalness	The state or quality of being mechanical.
Mechanician	One skilled in the theory or construction of machines; a machinist.
Mechanico-chemical	Pertaining to, connected with, or dependent upon, both mechanics and chemistry; -- said especially of those sciences which treat of such phenomena as seem to depend on the laws both of mechanics and chemistry, as electricity and magnetism.
Mechanics	That science, or branch of applied mathematics, which treats of the action of forces on bodies.
Mechanism	The arrangement or relation of the parts of a machine; the parts of a machine, taken collectively; the arrangement or relation of the parts of anything as adapted to produce an effect; as, the mechanism of a watch; the mechanism of a sewing machine; the mechanism of a seed pod.
Mechanism	Mechanical operation or action.
Mechanism	An ideal machine; a combination of movable bodies constituting a machine, but considered only with regard to relative movements.
Mechanist	A maker of machines; one skilled in mechanics.
Mechanist	One who regards the phenomena of nature as the effects of forces merely mechanical.
Mechanized	of Mechanize
Mechanizing	of Mechanize
Mechanize	To cause to be mechanical.
Mechanograph	One of a number of copies of anything multiplied mechanically.
Mechanographic	Treating of mechanics.
Mechanographic	Written, copied, or recorded by machinery; produced by mechanography; as, a mechanographic record of changes of temperature; mechanographic prints.
Mechanographist	An artist who, by mechanical means, multiplies copies of works of art.
Mechanography	The art of mechanically multiplying copies of a writing, or any work of art.
Mechanurgy	That branch of science which treats of moving machines.
Mechitarist	One of a religious congregation of the Roman Catholic Church devoted to the improvement of Armenians.
Mechlin	A kind of lace made at, or originating in, Mechlin, in Belgium.
Mechoacan	A species of jalap, of very feeble properties, said to be obtained from the root of a species of Convolvulus (C. Mechoacan); -- so called from Michoacan, in Mexico, whence it is obtained.
Meckelian	Pertaining to, or discovered by, J. F. Meckel, a German anatomist.
Meconate	A salt of meconic acid.
Meconic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, the poppy or opium; specif. (Chem.), designating an acid related to aconitic acid, found in opium and extracted as a white crystalline substance.
Meconidine	An alkaloid found in opium, and extracted as a yellow amorphous substance which is easily decomposed.
Meconidium	A kind of gonophore produced by hydroids of the genus Gonothyraea. It has tentacles, and otherwise resembles a free medusa, but remains attached by a pedicel.
Meconin	A substance regarded as an anhydride of meconinic acid, existing in opium and extracted as a white crystalline substance. Also erroneously called meconina, meconia, etc., as though it were an alkaloid.
Meconinic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid which occurs in opium, and which may be obtained by oxidizing narcotine.
Meconium	Opium.
Meconium	The contents of the fetal intestine; hence, first excrement.
Medal	A piece of metal in the form of a coin, struck with a device, and intended to preserve the remembrance of a notable event or an illustrious person, or to serve as a reward.
Medaled	of Medal
Medalled	of Medal
Medaling	of Medal
Medalling	of Medal
Medal	To honor or reward with a medal.
Medalet	A small medal.
Medalist	A person that is skilled or curious in medals; a collector of medals.
Medalist	A designer of medals.
Medalist	One who has gained a medal as the reward of merit.
Medallic	Of or pertaining to a medal, or to medals.
Medallion	A large medal or memorial coin.
Medallion	A circular or oval (or, sometimes, square) tablet bearing a figure or figures represented in relief.
Medalurgy	The art of making and striking medals and coins.
Meddled	of Meddle
Meddling	of Meddle
Meddle	To mix; to mingle.
Meddle	To interest or engage one's self; to have to do; -- / a good sense.
Meddle	To interest or engage one's self unnecessarily or impertinently, to interfere or busy one's self improperly with another's affairs; specifically, to handle or distrub another's property without permission; -- often followed by with or in.
Meddle	To mix; to mingle.
Meddler	One who meddles; one who interferes or busies himself with things in which he has no concern; an officious person; a busybody.
Meddlesome	Given to meddling; apt to interpose in the affairs of others; officiously intrusive.
Meddling	Meddlesome.
Meddlingly	In a meddling manner.
Mede	A native or inhabitant of Media in Asia.
Mede	See lst & 2d Mead, and Meed.
Media	pl. of Medium.
Mediae	of Media
Media	One of the sonant mutes /, /, / (b, d, g), in Greek, or of their equivalents in other languages, so named as intermediate between the tenues, /, /, / (p, t, k), and the aspiratae  (aspirates) /, /, / (ph or f, th, ch). Also called middle mute, or medial, and sometimes soft mute.
Mediacy	The state or quality of being mediate.
Mediaeval	Of or relating to the Middle Ages; as, mediaeval architecture.
Mediaevalism	The method or spirit of the Middle Ages; devotion to the institutions and practices of the Middle Ages; a survival from the Middle Ages.
Mediaevalist	One who has a taste for, or is versed in, the history of the Middle Ages; one in sympathy with the spirit or forms of the Middle Ages.
Mediaevally	In the manner of the Middle Ages; in accordance with mediaevalism.
Mediaevals	The people who lived in the Middle Ages.
Medial	Of or pertaining to a mean or average; mean; as, medial alligation.
Medial	See 2d Media.
Medialuna	See Half-moon.
Median	Being in the middle; running through the middle; as, a median groove.
Median	Situated in the middle; lying in a plane dividing a bilateral animal into right and left halves; -- said of unpaired organs and parts; as, median coverts.
Median	A median line or point.
Mediant	The third above the keynote; -- so called because it divides the interval between the tonic and dominant into two thirds.
Mediastinal	Of or pertaining to a mediastinum.
Mediastine	Alt. of Mediastinum
Mediastinum	A partition; a septum; specifically, the folds of the pleura (and the space included between them) which divide the thorax into a right and left cavity. The space included between these folds of the pleura, called the mediastinal space, contains the heart and gives passage to the esophagus and great blood vessels.
Mediate	Being between the two extremes; middle; interposed; intervening; intermediate.
Mediate	Acting by means, or by an intervening cause or instrument; not direct or immediate; acting or suffering through an intervening agent or condition.
Mediate	Gained or effected by a medium or condition.
Mediated	of Mediate
Mediating	of Mediate
Mediate	To be in the middle, or between two; to intervene.
Mediate	To interpose between parties, as the equal friend of each, esp. for the purpose of effecting a reconciliation or agreement; as, to mediate between nations.
Mediate	To effect by mediation or interposition; to bring about as a mediator, instrument, or means; as, to mediate a peace.
Mediate	To divide into two equal parts.
Mediately	In a mediate manner; by a secondary cause or agent; not directly or primarily; by means; -- opposed to immediately.
Mediateness	The state of being mediate.
Mediation	The act of mediating; action or relation of anything interposed; action as a necessary condition, means, or instrument; interposition; intervention.
Mediation	Hence, specifically, agency between parties at variance, with a view to reconcile them; entreaty for another; intercession.
Mediative	Pertaining to mediation; used in mediation; as, mediative efforts.
Mediatization	The act of mediatizing.
Mediatized	of Mediatize
Mediatizing	of Mediatize
Mediatize	To cause to act through an agent or to hold a subordinate position; to annex; -- specifically applied to the annexation during the former German empire of a smaller German state to a larger, while allowing it a nominal sovereignty, and its prince his rank.
Mediator	One who mediates; especially, one who interposes between parties at variance for the purpose of reconciling them; hence, an intercessor.
Mediatorial	Of or pertaining to a mediator, or to mediation; mediatory; as, a mediatorial office.
Mediatorship	The office or character of a mediator.
Mediatory	Mediatorial.
Mediatress	Alt. of Mediatrix
Mediatrix	A female mediator.
Medic	A leguminous plant of the genus Medicago. The black medic is the Medicago lupulina; the purple medic, or lucern, is M. sativa.
Medic	Medical.
Medicable	Capable of being medicated; admitting of being cured or healed.
Medical	Of, pertaining to, or having to do with, the art of healing disease, or the science of medicine; as, the medical profession; medical services; a medical dictionary; medical jurisprudence.
Medical	Containing medicine; used in medicine; medicinal; as, the medical properties of a plant.
Medically	In a medical manner; with reference to healing, or to the principles of the healing art.
Medicament	Anything used for healing diseases or wounds; a medicine; a healing application.
Medicamental	Of or pertaining to medicaments or healing applications; having the qualities of medicaments.
Medicaster	A quack.
Medicated	of Medicate
Medicating	of Medicate
Medicate	To tincture or impregnate with anything medicinal; to drug.
Medicate	To treat with medicine.
Medication	The act or process of medicating.
Medicative	Medicinal; acting like a medicine.
Medicean	Of or relating to the Medici, a noted Italian family; as, the Medicean Venus.
Medicinable	Medicinal; having the power of healing.
Medicinal	Having curative or palliative properties; used for the cure or alleviation of bodily disorders; as, medicinal tinctures, plants, or springs.
Medicinal	Of or pertaining to medicine; medical.
Medicinally	In a medicinal manner.
Medicine	The science which relates to the prevention, cure, or alleviation of disease.
Medicine	Any substance administered in the treatment of disease; a remedial agent; a remedy; physic.
Medicine	A philter or love potion.
Medicine	A physician.
Medicine	To give medicine to; to affect as a medicine does; to remedy; to cure.
Medico-legal	Of or pertaining to law as affected by medical facts.
Medicommissure	A large transverse commissure in the third ventricle of the brain; the middle or soft commissure.
Medicornua	of Medicornu
Medicornu	The middle or inferior horn of each lateral ventricle of the brain.
Medics	Science of medicine.
Mediety	The middle part; half; moiety.
Medieval	Alt. of Medievalist
Medievalism	Alt. of Medievalist
Medievalist	Same as Medi/val, Medi/valism, etc.
Medina epoch	A subdivision of the Niagara period in the American upper Silurian, characterized by the formations known as the Oneida conglomerate, and the Medina sandstone. See the Chart of Geology.
Medino	Same as Para.
Mediocral	Mediocre.
Mediocre	Of a middle quality; of but a moderate or low degree of excellence; indifferent; ordinary.
Mediocre	A mediocre person.
Mediocre	A young monk who was excused from performing a portion of a monk's duties.
Mediocrist	A mediocre person.
Mediocrity	The quality of being mediocre; a middle state or degree; a moderate degree or rate.
Mediocrity	Moderation; temperance.
Mediostapedial	Pertaining to that part of the columella of the ear which, in some animals, connects the stapes with the other parts of the columella.
Mediostapedial	The mediostapedial part of the columella.
Medioxumous	Intermediate.
Meditance	Meditation.
Meditated	of Meditate
Meditating	of Meditate
Meditate	To keep the mind in a state of contemplation; to dwell on anything in thought; to think seriously; to muse; to cogitate; to reflect.
Meditate	To contemplate; to keep the mind fixed upon; to study.
Meditate	To purpose; to intend; to design; to plan by revolving in the mind; as, to meditate a war.
Meditation	The act of meditating; close or continued thought; the turning or revolving of a subject in the mind; serious contemplation; reflection; musing.
Meditation	Thought; -- without regard to kind.
Meditatist	One who is given to meditation.
Meditative	Disposed to meditate, or to meditation; as, a meditative man; a meditative mood.
Mediterranean	Inclosed, or nearly inclosed, with land; as, the Mediterranean Sea, between Europe and Africa.
Mediterranean	Inland; remote from the ocean.
Mediterranean	Of or pertaining to the Mediterranean Sea; as, Mediterranean trade; a Mediterranean voyage.
Mediterraneous	Inland.
Media	of Medium
Mediums	of Medium
Medium	That which lies in the middle, or between other things; intervening body or quantity. Hence, specifically: (a) Middle place or degree; mean.
Medium	See Mean.
Medium	The mean or middle term of a syllogism; that by which the extremes are brought into connection.
Medium	A substance through which an effect is transmitted from one thing to another; as, air is the common medium of sound. Hence: The condition upon which any event or action occurs; necessary means of motion or action; that through or by which anything is accomplished, conveyed, or carried on; specifically, in animal magnetism, spiritualism, etc., a person through whom the action of another being is said to be manifested and transmitted.
Medium	An average.
Medium	A trade name for printing and writing paper of certain sizes. See Paper.
Medium	The liquid vehicle with which dry colors are ground and prepared for application.
Medium	Having a middle position or degree; mean; intermediate; medial; as, a horse of medium size; a decoction of medium strength.
Medium-sized	Having a medium size; as, a medium-sized man.
Medii	of Medius
Medius	The third or middle finger; the third digit, or that which corresponds to it.
Medlar	A tree of the genus Mespilus (M. Germanica); also, the fruit of the tree. The fruit is something like a small apple, but has a bony endocarp. When first gathered the flesh is hard and austere, and it is not eaten until it has begun to decay.
Medle	To mix; to mingle; to meddle.
Medleys	of Medley
Medley	A mixture; a mingled and confused mass of ingredients, usually inharmonious; a jumble; a hodgepodge; -- often used contemptuously.
Medley	The confusion of a hand to hand battle; a brisk, hand to hand engagement; a melee.
Medley	A composition of passages detached from several different compositions; a potpourri.
Medley	A cloth of mixed colors.
Medley	Mixed; of mixed material or color.
Medley	Mingled; confused.
Medly	See Medle.
Medoc	A class of claret wines, including several varieties, from the district of Medoc in the department of Gironde.
Medregal	See Bonito, 3.
Medrick	A species of gull or tern.
Medulla	Marrow; pith; hence, essence.
Medulla	The marrow of bones; the deep or inner portion of an organ or part; as, the medulla, or medullary substance, of the kidney; specifically, the medula oblongata.
Medulla	A soft tissue, occupying the center of the stem or branch of a plant; pith.
Medullar	See Medullary.
Medullary	Pertaining to, consisting of, or resembling, marrow or medulla.
Medullary	Pertaining to the medula oblongata.
Medullary	Filled with spongy pith; pithy.
Medullated	Furnished with a medulla or marrow, or with a medullary sheath; as, a medullated nerve fiber.
Medullin	A variety of lignin or cellulose found in the medulla, or pith, of certain plants.  Cf. Lignin, and Cellulose.
Medusa	The Gorgon; or one of the Gorgons whose hair was changed into serpents, after which all who looked upon her were turned into stone.
Medusae	of Medusa
Medusa	Any free swimming acaleph; a jellyfish.
Medusian	A medusa.
Medusiform	Resembling a medusa in shape or structure.
Medusoid	Like a medusa; having the fundamental structure of a medusa, but without a locomotive disk; -- said of the sessile gonophores of hydroids.
Medusoid	A sessile gonophore. See Illust. under Gonosome.
Meech	See Mich.
Meed	That which is bestowed or rendered in consideration of merit; reward; recompense.
Meed	Merit or desert; worth.
Meed	A gift; also, a bride.
Meed	To reward; to repay.
Meed	To deserve; to merit.
Meedful	Worthy of meed, reward, or recompense; meritorious.
Meedfully	According to merit; suitably.
Meek	Mild of temper; not easily provoked or orritated; patient under injuries; not vain, or haughty, or resentful; forbearing; submissive.
Meek	Evincing mildness of temper, or patience; characterized by mildness or patience; as, a meek answer; a meek face.
Meek	Alt. of Meeken
Meeken	To make meek; to nurture in gentleness and humility.
Meekly	In a meek manner.
Meekness	The quality or state of being meek.
Meer	Simple; unmixed. See Mere, a.
Meer	See Mere, a lake.
Meer	A boundary. See Mere.
Meerkat	A South African carnivore (Cynictis penicillata), allied to the ichneumons.
Meerschaum	A fine white claylike mineral, soft, and light enough when in dry masses to float in water. It is a hydrous silicate of magnesia, and is obtained chiefly in Asia Minor. It is manufacturd into tobacco pipes, cigar holders, etc. Also called sepiolite.
Meerschaum	A tobacco pipe made of this mineral.
Met	of Meet
Meeting	of Meet
Meet	To join, or come in contact with; esp., to come in contact with by approach from an opposite direction; to come upon or against, front to front, as distinguished from contact by following and overtaking.
Meet	To come in collision with; to confront in conflict; to encounter hostilely; as, they met the enemy and defeated them; the ship met opposing winds and currents.
Meet	To come into the presence of without contact; to come close to; to intercept; to come within the perception, influence, or recognition of; as, to meet a train at a junction; to meet carriages or persons in the street; to meet friends at a party; sweet sounds met the ear.
Meet	To perceive; to come to a knowledge of; to have personal acquaintance with; to experience; to suffer; as, the eye met a horrid sight; he met his fate.
Meet	To come up to; to be even with; to equal; to match; to satisfy; to ansver; as, to meet one's expectations; the supply meets the demand.
Meet	To come together by mutual approach; esp., to come in contact, or into proximity, by approach from opposite directions; to join; to come face to face; to come in close relationship; as, we met in the street; two lines meet so as to form an angle.
Meet	To come together with hostile purpose; to have an encounter or conflict.
Meet	To assemble together; to congregate; as, Congress meets on the first Monday of December.
Meet	To come together by mutual concessions; hence, to agree; to harmonize; to unite.
Meet	An assembling together; esp., the assembling of huntsmen for the hunt; also, the persons who so assemble, and the place of meeting.
Meet	Suitable; fit; proper; appropriate; qualified; convenient.
Meet	Meetly.
Meeten	To render fit.
Meeter	One who meets.
Meeth	Mead. See Meathe.
Meeting	A coming together; an assembling; as, the meeting of Congress.
Meeting	A junction, crossing, or union; as, the meeting of the roads or of two rivers.
Meeting	A congregation; a collection of people; a convention; as, a large meeting; an harmonius meeting.
Meeting	An assembly for worship; as, to attend meeting on Sunday; -- in England, applied distinctively and disparagingly to the worshiping assemblies of Dissenters.
Meetinghouse	A house used as a place of worship; a church; -- in England, applied only to a house so used by Dissenters.
Meetly	Fitly; suitably; properly.
Meetness	Fitness; suitableness; propriety.
Meg-	Alt. of Megalo-
Mega	Alt. of Megalo-
Megalo-	Combining forms signifying: (a) Great, extended, powerful; as, megascope, megacosm.
Megalo-	A million times, a million of; as, megameter, a million meters; megafarad, a million farads; megohm, a million ohms.
Megacephalic	Alt. of Megacephalous
Megacephalous	Large headed; -- applied to animals, and to plants when they have large flower heads.
Megaceros	The Irish elk.
Megachile	A leaf-cutting bee of the genus Megachilus. See Leaf cutter, under Leaf.
Megacosm	See Macrocosm.
Megacoulomb	A million coulombs.
Megaderm	Any one of several species of Old World blood-sucking bats of the genus Megaderma.
Megadyne	One of the larger measures of force, amounting to one million dynes.
Megafarad	One of the larger measures of electrical capacity, amounting to one million farads; a macrofarad.
Megalerg	A million ergs; a megerg.
Megalesian	Pertaining to, or in honor of, Cybele; as, the Megalesian games at Rome.
Megalethoscope	An optical apparatus in which pictures are viewed through a large lens with stereoptical effects. It is often combined with the stereoscope.
Megalith	A large stone; especially, a large stone used in ancient building.
Megalo-	See Meg-.
Megalocyte	A large, flattened corpuscle, twice the diameter of the ordinary red corpuscle, found in considerable numbers in the blood in profound anaemia.
Megalomania	A form of mental alienation in which the patient has grandiose delusions.
Megalonyx	An extinct quaternary mammal, of great size, allied to the sloth.
Megalophonous	Having a loud voice.
Megalopolis	A chief city; a metropolis.
Megalops	A larva, in a stage following the zoea, in the development of most crabs. In this stage the legs and abdominal appendages have appeared, the abdomen is relatively long, and the eyes are large. Also used adjectively.
Megalops	A large fish; the tarpum.
Megalopsychy	Greatness of soul.
Megalosaur	Alt. of Megalosaurus
Megalosaurus	A gigantic carnivorous dinosaur, whose fossil remains have been found in England and elsewhere.
Megameter	An instrument for determining longitude by observation of the stars.
Megameter	A micrometer.
Megameter	Alt. of Megametre
Megametre	In the metric system, one million meters, or one thousand kilometers.
Megampere	A million amperes.
Megaphone	A device to magnify sound, or direct it in a given direction in a greater volume, as a very large funnel used as an ear trumpet or as a speaking trumpet.
Megaphyton	An extinct genus of tree ferns with large, two-ranked leaves, or fronds.
Megapode	Any one of several species of large-footed, gallinaceous birds of the genera Megapodius and Leipoa, inhabiting Australia and other Pacific islands. See Jungle fowl (b) under Jungle, and Leipoa.
Megapolis	A metropolis.
Megarian	Alt. of Megaric
Megaric	Belonging, or pertaining, to Megara, a city of ancient Greece.
Megascope	A modification of the magic lantern, used esp. for throwing a magnified image of an opaque object on a screen, solar or artificial light being used.
Megaseme	Having the orbital index relatively large; having the orbits narrow transversely; -- opposed to microseme.
Megass	Alt. of Megasse
Megasse	See Bagasse.
Megasthene	One of a group which includes the higher orders of mammals, having a large size as a typical characteristic.
Megasthenic	Having a typically large size; belonging to the megasthenes.
Megastome	One of a group of univalve shells, having a large aperture or mouth.
Megathere	Alt. of Megatherium
Megatherium	An extinct gigantic quaternary mammal, allied to the ant-eaters and sloths. Its remains are found in South America.
Megatheroid	One of a family of extinct edentates found in America. The family includes the megatherium, the megalonyx, etc.
Megavolt	One of the larger measures of electro-motive force, amounting to one million volts.
Megaweber	A million webers.
Megerg	One of the larger measures of work, amounting to one million ergs; -- called also megalerg.
Megilp	Alt. of Megilph
Megilph	A gelatinous compound of linseed oil and mastic varnish, used by artists as a vehicle for colors.
Megohm	One of the larger measures of electrical resistance, amounting to one million ohms.
Megrim	A kind of sick or nevrous headache, usually periodical and confined to one side of the head.
Megrim	A fancy; a whim; a freak; a humor; esp., in the plural, lowness of spirits.
Megrim	A sudden vertigo in a horse, succeeded sometimes by unconsciousness, produced by an excess of blood in the brain; a mild form of apoplexy.
Megrim	The British smooth sole, or scaldfish (Psetta arnoglossa).
Meibomian	Of, pertaining to, or discovered by, Meibomius.
Meine	See Menge.
Meine	Alt. of Meiny
Meiny	A family, including servants, etc.; household; retinue; train.
Meiny	Company; band; army.
Meiocene	See Miocene.
Meionite	A member of the scapolite, group, occuring in glassy crystals on Monte Somma, near Naples.
Meiosis	Diminution; a species of hyperbole, representing a thing as being less than it really is.
Melostemonous	Having fever stamens than the parts of the corolla.
Meistersinger	See Mastersinger.
Mekhitarist	See Mechitarist.
Melaconite	An earthy black oxide of copper, arising from the decomposition of other ores.
Melada	Alt. of Melado
Melado	A mixture of sugar and molasses; crude sugar as it comes from the pans without being drained.
Melaena	A discharge from the bowels of black matter, consisting of altered blood.
Melain	The dark coloring matter of the liquid of the cuttlefish.
Melainotype	See Melanotype.
Melam	A white or buff-colored granular powder, C6H9N11, obtained by heating ammonium sulphocyanate.
Melamine	A strong nitrogenous base, C3H6N6, produced from several cyanogen compounds, and obtained as a white crystalline substance, -- formerly supposed to be produced by the decomposition of melam. Called also cyanuramide.
Melampode	The black hellebore.
Melampyrin	Alt. of Melampyrite
Melampyrite	The saccharine substance dulcite; -- so called because found in the leaves of cowwheat (Melampyrum). See Dulcite.
Melanaemia	A morbid condition in which the blood contains black pigment either floating freely or imbedded in the white blood corpuscles.
Melanagogue	A medicine supposed to expel black bile or choler.
Melancholia	A kind of mental unsoundness characterized by extreme depression of spirits, ill-grounded fears, delusions, and brooding over one particular subject or train of ideas.
Melancholian	A person affected with melancholy; a melancholic.
Melancholic	Given to melancholy; depressed; melancholy; dejected; unhappy.
Melancholic	One affected with a gloomy state of mind.
Melancholic	A gloomy state of mind; melancholy.
Melancholily	In a melancholy manner.
Melancholiness	The state or quality of being melancholy.
Melancholious	Melancholy.
Melancholist	One affected with melancholy or dejection.
Melancholize	To become gloomy or dejected in mind.
Melancholize	To make melancholy.
Melancholy	Depression of spirits; a gloomy state continuing a considerable time; deep dejection; gloominess.
Melancholy	Great and continued depression of spirits, amounting to mental unsoundness; melancholia.
Melancholy	Pensive maditation; serious thoughtfulness.
Melancholy	Ill nature.
Melancholy	Depressed in spirits; dejected; gloomy dismal.
Melancholy	Producing great evil and grief; causing dejection; calamitous; afflictive; as, a melancholy event.
Melancholy	Somewhat deranged in mind; having the jugment impaired.
Melancholy	Favorable to meditation; somber.
Melanesian	Of or pertaining to Melanesia.
Melange	A mixture; a medley.
Melanian	One of a family of fresh-water pectinibranchiate mollusks, having a turret-shaped shell.
Melanic	Melanotic.
Melanic	Of or pertaining to the black-haired races.
Melaniline	A complex nitrogenous hydrocarbon obtained artificially (as by the action of cyanogen chloride on aniline) as a white, crystalline substance; -- called also diphenyl guanidin.
Melanin	A black pigment found in the pigment-bearing cells of the skin (particularly in the skin of the negro), in the epithelial cells of the external layer of the retina (then called fuscin), in the outer layer of the choroid, and elsewhere. It is supposed to be derived from the decomposition of hemoglobin.
Melanism	An undue development of dark-colored pigment in the skin or its appendages; -- the opposite of albinism.
Melanism	A disease; black jaundice. See Mel/na.
Melanistic	Affected with melanism; of the nature of melanism.
Melanite	A black variety of garnet.
Melanochroi	A group of the human race, including the dark whites.
Melanochroic	Having a dark complexion; of or pertaining to the Melanochroi.
Melanochroite	A mineral of a red, or brownish or yellowish red color. It is a chromate of lead; -- called also phoenicocroite.
Melanocomous	Having very dark or black hair; black-haired.
Melanorrhoea	An East Indian genus of large trees. Melanorrh/a usitatissima is the lignum-vitae of Pegu, and yelds a valuable black varnish.
Melanoscope	An instrument containing a combination of colored glasses such that they transmit only red light, so that objects of other colors, as green leaves, appear black when seen through it. It is used for viewing colored flames, to detect the presence of potassium, lithium, etc., by the red light which they emit.
Melanosis	The morbid deposition of black matter, often of a malignant character, causing pigmented tumors.
Melanosperm	An alga of any kind that produces blackish spores, or seed dust. The melanosperms include the rockweeds and all kinds of kelp.
Melanotic	Melanistic.
Melanotype	A positive picture produced with sensitized collodion on a smooth surface of black varnish, coating a thin plate of iron; also, the process of making such a picture.
Melanterite	A hydrous sulphate of iron of a green color and vitreous luster; iron vitriol.
Melanure	A small fish of the Mediterranean; a gilthead. See Gilthead (a).
Melanuric	Pertaining to, or designating, a complex nitrogenous acid obtained by decomposition of melam, or of urea, as a white crystalline powder; -- called also melanurenic acid.
Melaphyre	Any one of several dark-colored augitic, eruptive rocks allied to basalt.
Melasma	A dark discoloration of the skin, usually local; as, Addison's melasma, or Addison's disease.
Melasses	See Molasses.
Melassic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid obtained from molasses or glucose, and probably identical with saccharic acid. See Saccharic.
Melastoma	A genus of evergreen tropical shrubs; -- so called from the black berries of some species, which stain the mouth.
Melastomaceous	Belonging to the order of which Melastoma is the type.
Melchite	One of a sect, chiefly in Syria and Egypt, which acknowledges the authority of the pope, but adheres to the liturgy and ceremonies of the Eastern Church.
Meleagrine	Of or pertaining to the genus Meleagris.
Meleagris	A genus of American gallinaceous birds, including the common and the wild turkeys.
Melee	A fight in which the combatants are mingled in one confused mass; a hand to hand conflict; an affray.
Melena	See Melaena.
Melene	An unsaturated hydrocarbon, C30H60, of the ethylene series, obtained from beeswax as a white, scaly, crystalline wax; -- called also melissene, and melissylene.
Melenite	An explosive of great destructive power; -- so called from its color, which resembles honey.
Meletin	See Quercitin.
Melezitose	A variety of sugar, isomeric with sucrose, extracted from the manna of the larch (Larix).
Meliaceous	Pertaining to a natural order (Meliacae) of plants of which the genus Melia is the type. It includes the mahogany and the Spanish cedar.
Melibean	Alt. of Melib/an
Melib/an	Alternately responsive, as verses.
Melic	Of or pertaining to song; lyric; tuneful.
Melicerous	Consisting of or containing matter like honey; -- said of certain encysted tumors.
Melic grass	A genus of grasses (Melica) of little agricultural importance.
Melicotoon	See Melocoton.
Melicratory	A meadlike drink.
Melilite	A mineral occurring in small yellow crystals, found in the lavas (melilite basalt) of Vesuvius, and elsewhere.
Melilot	Any species of Melilotus, a genus of leguminous herbs having a vanillalike odor; sweet clover; hart's clover. The blue melilot (Melilotus caerulea) is used in Switzerland to give color and flavor to sapsago cheese.
Melilotic	Of, pertaining to, or obtained from, sweet clover or melilot; specifically, designating an acid of the aromatic series, obtained from melilot as a white crystalline substance.
Meliorated	of Meliorate
Meliorating	of Meliorate
Meliorate	To make better; to improve; to ameliorate; to soften; to make more tolerable.
Meliorate	To grow better.
Meliorater	Same as Meliorator.
Melioration	The act or operation of meliorating, or the state of being meliorated; improvement.
Meliorator	One who meliorates.
Meliorism	The doctrine that there is a tendency throughout nature toward improvement.
Meliority	The state or quality of being better; melioration.
Meliphagan	Belonging to the genus Meliphaga.
Meliphagan	Any bird of the genus Meliphaga and allied genera; a honey eater; -- called also meliphagidan.
Meliphagous	Eating, or feeding upon, honey.
Melismata	of Melisma
Melisma	A piece of melody; a song or tune, -- as opposed to recitative or musical declamation.
Melisma	A grace or embellishment.
Melissa	A genus of labiate herbs, including the balm, or bee balm (Melissa officinalis).
Melissic	Pertaining to, or derived from, beeswax; specif., denoting an acid obtained by oxidation of myricin.
Melissyl	See Myricyl.
Melissylene	See Melene.
Melitose	A variety of sugar isomeric with sucrose, extracted from cotton seeds and from the so-called Australian manna (a secretion of certain species of Eucalyptus).
Mell	To mix; to meddle.
Mell	Honey.
Mell	A mill.
Mellate	A mellitate.
Mellay	A melee; a conflict.
Mellic	See Mellitic.
Melliferous	Producing honey.
Mellific	Producing honey.
Mellification	The making or production of honey.
Mellifluence	A flow of sweetness, or a sweet, smooth flow.
Mellifluent	Flowing as with honey; smooth; mellifluous.
Mellifluently	In a mellifluent manner.
Mellifluous	Flowing as with honey; smooth; flowing sweetly or smoothly; as, a mellifluous voice.
Melligenous	Having the qualities of honey.
Melligo	Honeydew.
Melliloquent	Speaking sweetly or harmoniously.
Melliphagan	See Meliphagan.
Melliphagous	See Meliphagous.
Mellitate	A salt of mellitic acid.
Mellite	A mineral of a honey color, found in brown coal, and partly the result of vegetable decomposition; honeystone. It is a mellitate of alumina.
Mellitic	Containing saccharine matter; marked by saccharine secretions; as, mellitic diabetes.
Mellitic	Pertaining to, or derived from, the mineral mellite.
Mellone	A yellow powder, C6H3N9, obtained from certain sulphocyanates. It has acid properties and forms compounds called mellonides.
Mellonide	See Mellone.
Mellow	Soft or tender by reason of ripeness; having a tender pulp; as, a mellow apple.
Mellow	Easily worked or penetrated; not hard or rigid; as, a mellow soil.
Mellow	Not coarse, rough, or harsh; subdued; soft; rich; delicate; -- said of sound, color, flavor, style, etc.
Mellow	Well matured; softened by years; genial; jovial.
Mellow	Warmed by liquor; slightly intoxicated.
Mellowed	of Mellow
Mellowing	of Mellow
Mellow	To make mellow.
Mellow	To become mellow; as, ripe fruit soon mellows.
Mellowly	In a mellow manner.
Mellowness	Quality or state of being mellow.
Mellowy	Soft; unctuous.
Melluco	A climbing plant (Ullucus officinalis) of the Andes, having tuberous roots which are used as a substitute for potatoes.
Melne	A mill.
Melocoton	Alt. of Melocotoon
Melocotoon	A quince.
Melocotoon	A kind of peach having one side deep red, and the flesh yellow.
Melodeon	A kind of small reed organ; -- a portable form of the seraphine.
Melodeon	A music hall.
Melodic	Of the nature of melody; relating to, containing, or made up of, melody; melodious.
Melodics	The department of musical science which treats of the pitch of tones, and of the laws of melody.
Melodiograph	A contrivance for preserving a record of music, by recording the action of the keys of a musical instrument when played upon.
Melodious	Containing, or producing, melody; musical; agreeable to the ear by a sweet succession of sounds; as, a melodious voice.
Melodist	A composer or singer of melodies.
Melodized	of Melodize
Melodizing	of Melodize
Melodize	To make melodious; to form into, or set to, melody.
Melodize	To make melody; to compose melodies; to harmonize.
Melodrama	Formerly, a kind of drama having a musical accompaniment to intensify the effect of certain scenes. Now, a drama abounding in romantic sentiment and agonizing situations, with a musical accompaniment only in parts which are especially thrilling or pathetic. In opera, a passage in which the orchestra plays a somewhat descriptive accompaniment, while the actor speaks; as, the melodrama in the gravedigging scene of Beethoven's "Fidelio".
Melodramatic	Of or pertaining to melodrama; like or suitable to a melodrama; unnatural in situation or action.
Melodramatist	One who acts in, or writes, melodramas.
Melodrame	Melodrama.
Melodies	of Melody
Melody	A sweet or agreeable succession of sounds.
Melody	A rhythmical succession of single tones, ranging for the most part within a given key, and so related together as to form a musical whole, having the unity of what is technically called a musical thought, at once pleasing to the ear and characteristic in expression.
Melody	The air or tune of a musical piece.
Meloe	A genus of beetles without wings, but having short oval elytra; the oil beetles. These beetles are sometimes used instead of cantharides for raising blisters. See Oil beetle, under Oil.
Melograph	Same as Melodiograph.
Melolonthidian	A beetle of the genus Melolontha, and allied genera. See May beetle, under May.
Melon	The juicy fruit of certain cucurbitaceous plants, as the muskmelon, watermelon, and citron melon; also, the plant that produces the fruit.
Melon	A large, ornamental, marine, univalve shell of the genus Melo.
Melopiano	A piano having a mechanical attachment which enables the player to prolong the notes at will.
Meloplastic	Of or pertaining to meloplasty, or the artificial formation of a new cheek.
Meloplasty	The process of restoring a cheek which has been destroyed wholly or in part.
Melop/ia	The art of forming melody; melody; -- now often used for a melodic passage, rather than a complete melody.
Melotype	A picture produced by a process in which development after exposure may be deferred indefinitely, so as to permit transportation of exposed plates; also, the process itself.
Melpomene	The Muse of tragedy.
Melpomene	The eighteenth asteroid.
Melrose	Honey of roses.
Melt	See 2d Milt.
Melted	of Melt
Molten	of Melt
Melting	of Melt
Melt	To reduce from a solid to a liquid state, as by heat; to liquefy; as, to melt wax, tallow, or lead; to melt ice or snow.
Melt	Hence: To soften, as by a warming or kindly influence; to relax; to render gentle or susceptible to mild influences; sometimes, in a bad sense, to take away the firmness of; to weaken.
Melt	To be changed from a solid to a liquid state under the influence of heat; as, butter and wax melt at moderate temperatures.
Melt	To dissolve; as, sugar melts in the mouth.
Melt	Hence: To be softened; to become tender, mild, or gentle; also, to be weakened or subdued, as by fear.
Melt	To lose distinct form or outline; to blend.
Melt	To disappear by being dispersed or dissipated; as, the fog melts away.
Meltable	Capable of being melted.
Melter	One who, or that which, melts.
Melting	Liquefaction; the act of causing (something) to melt, or the process of becoming melted.
Melting	Causing to melt; becoming melted; -- used literally or figuratively; as, a melting heat; a melting appeal; a melting mood.
Melton	A kind of stout woolen cloth with unfinished face and without raised nap. A commoner variety has a cotton warp.
Member	To remember; to cause to remember; to mention.
Member	A part of an animal capable of performing a distinct office; an organ; a limb.
Member	Hence, a part of a whole; an independent constituent of a body
Member	A part of a discourse or of a period or sentence; a clause; a part of a verse.
Member	Either of the two parts of an algebraic equation, connected by the sign of equality.
Member	Any essential part, as a post, tie rod, strut, etc., of a framed structure, as a bridge truss.
Member	Any part of a building, whether constructional, as a pier, column, lintel, or the like, or decorative, as a molding, or group of moldings.
Member	One of the persons composing a society, community, or the like; an individual forming part of an association; as, a member of the society of Friends.
Membered	Having limbs; -- chiefly used in composition.
Membered	Having legs of a different tincture from that of the body; -- said of a bird in heraldic representations.
Membership	The state of being a member.
Membership	The collective body of members, as of a society.
Membral	Relating to a member.
Membranaceous	Same as Membranous.
Membranaceous	Thin and rather soft or pliable, as the leaves of the rose, peach tree, and aspen poplar.
Membrane	A thin layer or fold of tissue, usually supported by a fibrous network, serving to cover or line some part or organ, and often secreting or absorbing certain fluids.
Membraneous	See Membranous.
Membraniferous	Having or producing membranes.
Membraniform	Having the form of a membrane or of parchment.
Membranology	The science which treats of membranes.
Membranous	Pertaining to, consisting of, or resembling, membrane; as, a membranous covering or lining.
Membranous	Membranaceous.
Mementos	of Memento
Memento	A hint, suggestion, token, or memorial, to awaken memory; that which reminds or recalls to memory; a souvenir.
Meminna	A small deerlet, or chevrotain, of India.
Memnon	A celebrated Egyptian statue near Thebes, said to have the property of emitting a harplike sound at sunrise.
Memoir	Alt. of Memoirs
Memoirs	A memorial account; a history composed from personal experience and memory; an account of transactions or events (usually written in familiar style) as they are remembered by the writer. See History, 2.
Memoirs	A memorial of any individual; a biography; often, a biography written without special regard to method and completeness.
Memoirs	An account of something deemed noteworthy; an essay; a record of investigations of any subject; the journals and proceedings of a society.
Memoirist	A writer of memoirs.
Memorabilia	Things remarkable and worthy of remembrance or record; also, the record of them.
Memorability	The quality or state of being memorable.
Memorable	Worthy to be remembered; very important or remarkable.
Memorandums	of Memorandum
Memoranda	of Memorandum
Memorandum	A record of something which it is desired to remember; a note to help the memory.
Memorandum	A brief or informal note in writing of some transaction, or an outline of an intended instrument; an instrument drawn up in a brief and compendious form.
Memorate	To commemorate.
Memorative	Commemorative.
Memoria	Memory.
Memorial	Serving to preserve remembrance; commemorative; as, a memorial building.
Memorial	Mnemonic; assisting the memory.
Memorial	Anything intended to preserve the memory of a person or event; something which serves to keep something else in remembrance; a monument.
Memorial	A memorandum; a record.
Memorial	A written representation of facts, addressed to the government, or to some branch of it, or to a society, etc., -- often accompanied with a petition.
Memorial	Memory; remembrance.
Memorial	A species of informal state paper, much used in negotiation.
Memorialist	One who writes or signs a memorial.
Memorialized	of Memorialize
Memorializing	of Memorialize
Memorialize	To address or petition by a memorial; to present a memorial to; as, to memorialize the legislature.
Memorializer	One who petitions by a memorial.
Memorist	One who, or that which, causes to be remembered.
Memoriter	By, or from, memory.
Memorized	of Memorize
Memorizing	of Memorize
Memorize	To cause to be remembered ; hence, to record.
Memorize	To commit to memory; to learn by heart.
Memories	of Memory
Memory	The faculty of the mind by which it retains the knowledge of previous thoughts, impressions, or events.
Memory	The reach and positiveness with which a person can remember; the strength and trustworthiness of one's power to reach and represent or to recall the past; as, his memory was never wrong.
Memory	The actual and distinct retention and recognition of past ideas in the mind; remembrance; as, in memory of youth; memories of foreign lands.
Memory	The time within which past events can be or are remembered; as, within the memory of man.
Memory	Something, or an aggregate of things, remembered; hence, character, conduct, etc., as preserved in remembrance, history, or tradition; posthumous fame; as, the war became only a memory.
Memory	A memorial.
Memphian	Of or pertaining to the ancient city of Memphis in Egypt; hence, Egyptian; as, Memphian darkness.
Men	pl. of Man.
Men	A man; one; -- used with a verb in the singular, and corresponding to the present indefinite one or they.
Menaccanite	An iron-black or steel-gray mineral, consisting chiefly of the oxides of iron and titanium. It is commonly massive, but occurs also in rhombohedral crystals. Called also titanic iron ore, and ilmenite.
Menace	The show of an intention to inflict evil; a threat or threatening; indication of a probable evil or catastrophe to come.
Menaced	of Menace
Menacing	of Menace
Menace	To express or show an intention to inflict, or to hold out a prospect of inflicting, evil or injury upon; to threaten; -- usually followed by with before the harm threatened; as, to menace a country with war.
Menace	To threaten, as an evil to be inflicted.
Menace	To act in threatening manner; to wear a threatening aspect.
Menacer	One who menaces.
Menacingly	In a threatening manner.
Menage	See Manage.
Menage	A collection of animals; a menagerie.
Menagerie	A piace where animals are kept and trained.
Menagerie	A collection of wild or exotic animals, kept for exhibition.
Menagogue	Emmenagogue.
Menaia	of Menaion
Menaion	A work of twelve volumes, each containing the offices in the Greek Church for a month; also, each volume of the same.
Menald	Alt. of Menild
Menild	Covered with spots; speckled; variegated.
Mended	of Mend
Mending	of Mend
Mend	To repair, as anything that is torn, broken, defaced, decayed, or the like; to restore from partial decay, injury, or defacement; to patch up; to put in shape or order again; to re-create; as, to mend a garment or a machine.
Mend	To alter for the better; to set right; to reform; hence, to quicken; as, to mend one's manners or pace.
Mend	To help, to advance, to further; to add to.
Mend	To grow better; to advance to a better state; to become improved.
Mendable	Capable of being mended.
Mendacious	Given to deception or falsehood; lying; as, a mendacious person.
Mendacious	False; counterfeit; containing falsehood; as, a mendacious statement.
Mendacities	of Mendacity
Mendacity	The quality or state of being mendacious; a habit of lying.
Mendacity	A falsehood; a lie.
Mender	One who mends or repairs.
Mendiant	See Mendinant.
Mendicancy	The condition of being mendicant; beggary; begging.
Mendicant	Practicing beggary; begging; living on alms; as, mendicant friars.
Mendicant	A beggar; esp., one who makes a business of begging; specifically, a begging friar.
Mendicate	To beg.
Mendication	The act or practice of begging; beggary; mendicancy.
Mendicity	The practice of begging; the life of a beggar; mendicancy.
Mendinant	A mendicant or begging friar.
Mendment	Amendment.
Mendole	The cackerel.
Mendregal	Medregal.
Mends	See Amends.
Mente	of Menge
Meinte	of Menge
Ment	of Menge
Meint	of Menge
Menge	To mix.
Menhaden	An American marine fish of the Herring familt (Brevoortia tyrannus), chiefly valuable for its oil and as a component of fertilizers; -- called also mossbunker, bony fish, chebog, pogy, hardhead, whitefish, etc.
Menhir	A large stone set upright in olden times as a memorial or monument. Many, of unknown date, are found in Brittany and throughout Northern Europe.
Menial	Belonging to a retinue or train of servants; performing servile office; serving.
Menial	Pertaining to servants, esp. domestic servants; servile; low; mean.
Menial	A domestic servant or retainer, esp. one of humble rank; one employed in low or servile offices.
Menial	A person of a servile character or disposition.
Meniere's disease	A disease characterized by deafness and vertigo, resulting in incoordination of movement. It is supposed to depend upon a morbid condition of the semicircular canals of the internal ear. Named after Meniere, a French physician.
Menilite	See Opal.
Meningeal	Of or pertaining to the meninges.
Meninges	The three membranes that envelop the brain and spinal cord; the pia mater, dura mater, and arachnoid membrane.
Meningitis	Inflammation of the membranes of the brain or spinal cord.
Meniscal	Pertaining to, or having the form of, a meniscus.
Meniscoid	Concavo-convex, like a meniscus.
Menisci	of Meniscus
Meniscuses	of Meniscus
Meniscus	A crescent.
Meniscus	A lens convex on one side and concave on the other.
Meniscus	An interarticular synovial cartilage or membrane; esp., one of the intervertebral synovial disks in some parts of the vertebral column of birds.
Menispermaceous	Pertaining to a natural order (Menispermace/) of climbing plants of which moonseed (Menispermum) is the type.
Menispermic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, moonseed (Menispermum), or other plants of the same family, as the Anamirta Cocculus.
Menispermine	An alkaloid distinct from picrotoxin and obtained from the cocculus indicus (the fruit of Anamirta Cocculus, formerly Menispermum Cocculus) as a white, crystalline, tasteless powder; -- called also menispermina.
Meniver	Same as Miniver.
Mennonist	Alt. of Mennonite
Mennonite	One of a small denomination of Christians, so called from Menno Simons of Friesland, their founder. They believe that the New Testament is the only rule of faith, that there is no original sin, that infants should not be baptized, and that Christians ought not to take oath, hold office, or render military service.
Menobranch	Alt. of Menobranchus
Menobranchus	A large aquatic American salamander of the genus Necturus, having permanent external gills.
Menologia	of Menology
Menologies	of Menology
Menologium	Alt. of Menology
Menology	A register of months.
Menology	A brief calendar of the lives of the saints for each day in the year, or a simple remembrance of those whose lives are not written.
Menopause	The period of natural cessation of menstruation. See Change of life, under Change.
Menopoma	Alt. of Menopome
Menopome	The hellbender.
Menorrhagia	Profuse menstruation.
Menorrhagia	Any profuse bleeding from the uterus; Metrorrhagia.
Menostasis	Stoppage of the mences.
Menostation	Same as Menostasis.
Menow	A minnow.
Men-pleaser	One whose motive is to please men or the world, rather than God.
Mensal	Belonging to the table; transacted at table; as, mensal conversation.
Mensal	Occurring once in a month; monthly.
Mense	Manliness; dignity; comeliness; civility.
Mense	To grace.
Menses	The catamenial or menstrual discharge, a periodic flow of blood or bloody fluid from the uterus or female generative organs.
Menstrual	Recurring once a month; monthly; gone through in a month; as, the menstrual revolution of the moon; pertaining to monthly changes; as, the menstrual equation of the sun's place.
Menstrual	Of or pertaining to the menses; as, menstrual discharges; the menstrual period.
Menstrual	Of or pertaining to a menstruum.
Menstruant	Subject to monthly flowing or menses.
Menstruate	Menstruous.
Menstruated	of Menstruate
Menstruating	of Menstruate
Menstruate	To discharge the menses; to have the catamenial flow.
Menstruation	The discharge of the menses; also, the state or the period of menstruating.
Menstrue	The menstrual flux; menses.
Menstruous	Having the monthly flow or discharge; menstruating.
Menstruous	Of or pertaining tj the monthly flow; catamenial.
Menstruums	of Menstruum
Menstrua	of Menstruum
Menstruum	Any substance which dissolves a solid body; a solvent.
Mensurability	The quality of being mensurable.
Mensurable	Capable of being measured; measurable.
Mensurableness	The quality or state of being mensurable; measurableness.
Mensural	Of or pertaining to measure.
Mensurate	To measure.
Mensuration	The act, process, or art, of measuring.
Mensuration	That branch of applied geometry which gives rules for finding the length of lines, the areas of surfaces, or the volumes of solids, from certain simple data of lines and angles.
-ment	A suffix denoting that which does a thing; an act or process; the result of an act or process; state or condition; as, aliment, that which nourishes, ornament, increment; fragment, piece broken, segment; abridgment, act of abridging, imprisonment, movement, adjournment; amazement, state of being amazed, astonishment.
Ment	p. p. of Menge.
Mentagra	Sycosis.
Mental	Of or pertaining to the chin; genian; as, the mental nerve; the mental region.
Mental	A plate or scale covering the mentum or chin of a fish or reptile.
Mental	Of or pertaining to the mind; intellectual; as, mental faculties; mental operations, conditions, or exercise.
Mentality	Quality or state of mind.
Mentally	In the mind; in thought or meditation; intellectually; in idea.
Mentha	A widely distributed genus of fragrant herbs, including the peppermint, spearmint, etc. The plants have small flowers, usually arranged in dense axillary clusters.
Menthene	A colorless liquid hydrocarbon resembling oil of turpentine, obtained by dehydrating menthol. It has an agreeable odor and a cooling taste.
Menthol	A white, crystalline, aromatic substance resembling camphor, extracted from oil of peppermint (Mentha); -- called also mint camphor or peppermint camphor.
Menthyl	A compound radical forming the base of menthol.
Menticultural	Of or pertaining to mental culture; serving to improve or strengthen the mind.
Mention	A speaking or notice of anything, -- usually in a brief or cursory manner. Used especially in the phrase to make mention of.
Mentioned	of Mention
Mentioning	of Mention
Mention	To make mention of; to speak briefly of; to name.
Mentionable	Fit to be mentioned.
Mentomeckelian	Of or pertaining to the chin and lower jaw.
Mentomeckelian	The bone or cartilage forming the anterior extremity of the lower jaw in some adult animals and the young of others.
Mentor	A wise and faithful counselor or monitor.
Mentorial	Containing advice or admonition.
Mentum	The front median plate of the labium in insects. See Labium.
Menu	The details of a banquet; a bill of fare.
Menuse	See Amenuse.
Meow	See 6th and 7th Mew.
Mephistophelian	Pertaining to, or resembling, the devil Mephistopheles, "a crafty, scoffing, relentless fiend;" devilish; crafty.
Mephitic	Alt. of Mephitical
Mephitical	Tending to destroy life; poisonous; noxious; as, mephitic exhalations; mephitic regions.
Mephitical	Offensive to the smell; as, mephitic odors.
Mephitis	Noxious, pestilential, or foul exhalations from decomposing substances, filth, or other source.
Mephitis	A genus of mammals, including the skunks.
Mephitism	Same as Mephitis, 1.
Meracious	Being without mixture or adulteration; hence, strong; racy.
Mercable	Capable of being bought or sold.
Mercantile	Of or pertaining to merchants, or the business of merchants; having to do with trade, or the buying and selling of commodities; commercial.
Mercaptal	Any one of a series of compounds of mercaptans with aldehydes.
Mercaptan	Any one of series of compounds, hydrosulphides of alcohol radicals, in composition resembling the alcohols, but containing sulphur in place of oxygen, and hence called also the sulphur alcohols. In general, they are colorless liquids having a strong, repulsive, garlic odor. The name is specifically applied to ethyl mercaptan, C2H5SH. So called from its avidity for mercury, and other metals.
Mercaptide	A compound of mercaptan formed by replacing its sulphur hydrogen by a metal; as, potassium mercaptide, C2H5SK.
Mercat	Market; trade.
Mercatante	A foreign trader.
Mercator's chart	See under Chart, and see Mercator's projection, under Projection.
Mercature	Commerce; traffic; trade.
Merce	To subject to fine or amercement; to mulct; to amerce.
Mercenaria	The quahog.
Mercenarian	A mercenary.
Mercenarily	In a mercenary manner.
Mercenariness	The quality or state of being mercenary; venality.
Mercenary	Acting for reward; serving for pay; paid; hired; hireling; venal; as, mercenary soldiers.
Mercenary	Hence: Moved by considerations of pay or profit; greedy of gain; sordid; selfish.
Mercenaries	of Mercenary
Mercenary	One who is hired; a hireling; especially, a soldier hired into foreign service.
Mercer	Originally, a dealer in any kind of goods or wares; now restricted to a dealer in textile fabrics, as silks or woolens.
Mercership	The business of a mercer.
Mercery	The trade of mercers; the goods in which a mercer deals.
Merchand	To traffic.
Merchandisable	Such as can be used or transferred as merchandise.
Merchandise	The objects of commerce; whatever is usually bought or sold in trade, or market, or by merchants; wares; goods; commodities.
Merchandise	The act or business of trading; trade; traffic.
Merchandised	of Merchandise
Merchandising	of Merchandise
Merchandise	To trade; to carry on commerce.
Merchandise	To make merchandise of; to buy and sell.
Merchandiser	A trader.
Merchandry	Trade; commerce.
Merchant	One who traffics on a large scale, especially with foreign countries; a trafficker; a trader.
Merchant	A trading vessel; a merchantman.
Merchant	One who keeps a store or shop for the sale of goods; a shopkeeper.
Merchant	Of, pertaining to, or employed in, trade or merchandise; as, the merchant service.
Merchant	To be a merchant; to trade.
Merchantable	Fit for market; such as is usually sold in market, or such as will bring the ordinary price; as, merchantable wheat; sometimes, a technical designation for a particular kind or class.
Merchantly	Merchantlike; suitable to the character or business of a merchant.
Merchantmen	of Merchantman
Merchantman	A merchant.
Merchantman	A trading vessel; a ship employed in the transportation of goods, as, distinguished from a man-of-war.
Merchantry	The body of merchants taken collectively; as, the merchantry of a country.
Merchantry	The business of a merchant; merchandise.
Merciable	Merciful.
Merciful	Full of mercy; having or exercising mercy; disposed to pity and spare offenders; unwilling to punish.
Merciful	Unwilling to give pain; compassionate.
Mercify	To pity.
Merciless	Destitute of mercy; cruel; unsparing; -- said of animate beings, and also, figuratively, of things; as, a merciless tyrant; merciless waves.
Mercurammonium	A radical regarded as derived from ammonium by the substitution of mercury for a portion of the hydrogen.
Mercurial	Having the qualities fabled to belong to the god Mercury; swift; active; sprightly; fickle; volatile; changeable; as, a mercurial youth; a mercurial temperament.
Mercurial	Having the form or image of Mercury; -- applied to ancient guideposts.
Mercurial	Of or pertaining to Mercury as the god of trade; hence, money-making; crafty.
Mercurial	Of or pertaining to, or containing, mercury; as, mercurial preparations, barometer. See Mercury, 2.
Mercurial	Caused by the use of mercury; as, mercurial sore mouth.
Mercurial	A person having mercurial qualities.
Mercurial	A preparation containing mercury.
Mercurialist	One under the influence of Mercury; one resembling Mercury in character.
Mercurialist	A physician who uses much mercury, in any of its forms, in his practice.
Mercurialized	of Mercurialize
Mercurializing	of Mercurialize
Mercurialize	To affect with mercury.
Mercurialize	To treat with mercury; to expose to the vapor of mercury.
Mercurialize	To be sprightly, fantastic, or capricious.
Mercurially	In a mercurial manner.
Mercuric	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, mercury; containing mercury; -- said of those compounds of mercury into which this element enters in its lowest proportion.
Mercurification	The process or operation of obtaining the mercury, in its fluid form, from mercuric minerals.
Mercurification	The act or process of compounding, or the state of being compounded, with mercury.
Mercurified	of Mercurify
Mercurifying	of Mercurify
Mercurify	To obtain mercury from, as mercuric minerals, which may be done by any application of intense heat that expels the mercury in fumes, which are afterward condensed.
Mercurify	To combine or mingle mercury with; to impregnate with mercury; to mercurialize.
Mercurism	A communication of news; an announcement.
Mercurous	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, mercury; containing mercury; -- said of those compounds of mercury in which it is present in its highest proportion.
Mercury	A Latin god of commerce and gain; -- treated by the poets as identical with the Greek Hermes, messenger of the gods, conductor of souls to the lower world, and god of eloquence.
Mercury	A metallic element mostly obtained by reduction from cinnabar, one of its ores. It is a heavy, opaque, glistening liquid (commonly called quicksilver), and is used in barometers, thermometers, ect. Specific gravity 13.6. Symbol Hg (Hydrargyrum). Atomic weight 199.8. Mercury has a molecule which consists of only one atom. It was named by the alchemists after the god Mercury, and designated by his symbol, /.
Mercury	One of the planets of the solar system, being the one nearest the sun, from which its mean distance is about 36,000,000 miles. Its period is 88 days, and its diameter 3,000 miles.
Mercury	A carrier of tidings; a newsboy; a messenger; hence, also, a newspaper.
Mercury	Sprightly or mercurial quality; spirit; mutability; fickleness.
Mercury	A plant (Mercurialis annua), of the Spurge family, the leaves of which are sometimes used for spinach, in Europe.
Mercury	To wash with a preparation of mercury.
Mercies	of Mercy
Mercy	Forbearance to inflict harm under circumstances of provocation, when one has the power to inflict it; compassionate treatment of an offender or adversary; clemency.
Mercy	Compassionate treatment of the unfortunate and helpless; sometimes, favor, beneficence.
Mercy	Disposition to exercise compassion or favor; pity; compassion; willingness to spare or to help.
Mercy	A blessing regarded as a manifestation of compassion or favor.
Merd	Ordure; dung.
-mere	A combining form meaning part, portion; as, blastomere, epimere.
Mere	A pool or lake.
Mere	A boundary.
Mere	To divide, limit, or bound.
Mere	A mare.
Mere	Unmixed; pure; entire; absolute; unqualified.
Mere	Only this, and nothing else; such, and no more; simple; bare; as, a mere boy; a mere form.
Merely	Purely; unmixedly; absolutely.
Merely	Not otherwise than; simply; barely; only.
Merenchyma	Tissue composed of spheroidal cells.
Meresman	An officer who ascertains meres or boundaries.
Merestead	The land within the boundaries of a farm; a farmstead or farm.
Merestone	A stone designating a limit or boundary; a landmark.
Meretricious	Of or pertaining to prostitutes; having to do with harlots; lustful; as, meretricious traffic.
Meretricious	Resembling the arts of a harlot; alluring by false show; gaudily and deceitfully ornamental; tawdry; as, meretricious dress or ornaments.
Merganser	Any bird of the genus Merganser, and allied genera. They are allied to the ducks, but have a sharply serrated bill.
Merged	of Merge
Merging	of Merge
Merge	To cause to be swallowed up; to immerse; to sink; to absorb.
Merge	To be sunk, swallowed up, or lost.
Merger	One who, or that which, merges.
Merger	An absorption of one estate, or one contract, in another, or of a minor offense in a greater.
Mericarp	One carpel of an umbelliferous fruit. See Cremocarp.
Meride	A permanent colony of cells or plastids which may remain isolated, like Rotifer, or may multiply by gemmation to form higher aggregates, termed zoides.
Meridian	Being at, or pertaining to, midday; belonging to, or passing through, the highest point attained by the sun in his diurnal course.
Meridian	Pertaining to the highest point or culmination; as, meridian splendor.
Meridian	Midday; noon.
Meridian	Hence: The highest point, as of success, prosperity, or the like; culmination.
Meridian	A great circle of the sphere passing through the poles of the heavens and the zenith of a given place. It is crossed by the sun at midday.
Meridian	A great circle on the surface of the earth, passing through the poles and any given place; also, the half of such a circle included between the poles.
Meridional	Of or pertaining to the meridian.
Meridional	Having a southern aspect; southern; southerly.
Meridionality	The state of being in the meridian.
Meridionality	Position in the south; aspect toward the south.
Meridionally	In the direction of the meridian.
Merils	A boy's play, called also fivepenny morris. See Morris.
Meringue	A delicate pastry made of powdered sugar and the whites of eggs whipped up, -- with jam or cream added.
Merino	Of or pertaining to a variety of sheep with very fine wool, originally bred in Spain.
Merino	Made of the wool of the merino sheep.
Merinos	of Merino
Merino	A breed of sheep originally from Spain, noted for the fineness of its wool.
Merino	A fine fabric of merino wool.
Merismatic	Dividing into cells or segments; characterized by separation into two or more parts or sections by the formation of internal partitions; as, merismatic growth, where one cell divides into many.
Meristem	A tissue of growing cells, or cells capable of further division.
Merit	The quality or state of deserving well or ill; desert.
Merit	Esp. in a good sense: The quality or state of deserving well; worth; excellence.
Merit	Reward deserved; any mark or token of excellence or approbation; as, his teacher gave him ten merits.
Merited	of Merit
Meriting	of Merit
Merit	To earn by service or performance; to have a right to claim as reward; to deserve; sometimes, to deserve in a bad sense; as, to merit punishment.
Merit	To reward.
Merit	To acquire desert; to gain value; to receive benefit; to profit.
Meritable	Deserving of reward.
Meritedly	By merit; deservedly.
Merithal	Alt. of Merithallus
Merithallus	Same as Internode.
Meritmonger	One who depends on merit for salvation.
Meritorious	Possessing merit; deserving of reward or honor; worthy of recompense; valuable.
Meritory	Meritorious.
Meritot	A play of children, in swinging on ropes, or the like, till they are dizzy.
Merk	An old Scotch silver coin; a mark or marc.
Merk	A mark; a sign.
Merke	Murky.
Merkin	Originally, a wig; afterwards, a mop for cleaning cannon.
Merl	Alt. of Merle
Merle	The European blackbird. See Blackbird.
Merlin	A small European falcon (Falco lithofalco, or F. aesalon).
Merling	The European whiting.
Merlon	One of the solid parts of a battlemented parapet; a battlement. See Illust. of Battlement.
Merluce	The European hake; -- called also herring hake and sea pike.
Mermaid	A fabled marine creature, typically represented as having the upper part like that of a woman, and the lower like a fish; a sea nymph, sea woman, or woman fish.
Mermen	of Merman
Merman	The male corresponding to mermaid; a sea man, or man fish.
Meroblast	An ovum, as that of a mammal, only partially composed of germinal matter, that is, consisting of both a germinal portion and an albuminous or nutritive one; -- opposed to holoblast.
Meroblastic	Consisting only in part of germinal matter; characterized by partial segmentation only; as, meroblastic ova, in which a portion of the yolk only undergoes fission; meroblastic segmentation; -- opposed to holoblastic.
Merocele	Hernia in the thigh; femoral hernia .
Meroistic	Applied to the ovaries of insects when they secrete vitelligenous cells, as well as ova.
Meropidan	One of a family of birds (Meropidae), including the bee-eaters.
Meropodite	The fourth joint of a typical appendage of Crustacea.
Merorganization	Organization in part.
Meros	The plain surface between the channels of a triglyph.
Meros	The proximal segment of the hind limb; the thigh.
Merosome	One of the serial segments, or metameres, of which the bodies of vertebrate and articulate animals are composed.
Merostomata	A class of Arthropoda, allied to the Crustacea. It includes the trilobites, Eurypteroidea, and Limuloidea. All are extinct except the horseshoe crabs of the last group. See Limulus.
Merou	See Jack, 8 (c).
Merovingian	Of or pertaining to the first Frankish dynasty in Gaul or France.
Merovingian	One of the kings of this dynasty.
Merrily	In a merry manner; with mirth; with gayety and laughter; jovially. See Mirth, and Merry.
Merrimake	See Merrymake, n.
Merrimake	See Merrymake, v.
Merriment	Gayety, with laughter; mirth; frolic.
Merriness	The quality or state of being merry; merriment; mirth; gayety, with laughter.
Merry	Laughingly gay; overflowing with good humor and good spirits; jovial; inclined to laughter or play ; sportive.
Merry	Cheerful; joyous; not sad; happy.
Merry	Causing laughter, mirth, gladness, or delight; as, / merry jest.
Merry	A kind of wild red cherry.
Merry-andrew	One whose business is to make sport for others; a buffoon; a zany; especially, one who attends a mountebank or quack doctor.
Merry-go-round	Any revolving contrivance for affording amusement; esp., a ring of flying hobbyhorses.
Merrymake	Mirth; frolic; a meeting for mirth; a festival.
Merrymake	To make merry; to be jolly; to feast.
Merrymaker	One who makes merriment or indulges in conviviality; a jovial comrade.
Merrymaking	Making or producing mirth; convivial; jolly.
Merrymaking	The act of making merry; conviviality; merriment; jollity.
Merrymeeting	A meeting for mirth.
Merrythought	The forked bone of a fowl's breast; -- called also wishbone. See Furculum.
Mersion	Immersion.
Merulidan	A bird of the Thrush family.
Merus	See Meros.
Mervaille	Marvel.
Mes-	See Meso-.
Mesa	A high tableland; a plateau on a hill.
Mesaconate	A salt of mesaconic acid.
Mesaconic	Pertaining to, or designating, one of several isomeric acids obtained from citric acid.
Mesad	Same as Mesiad.
Mesal	Same as Mesial.
Mesalliance	A marriage with a person of inferior social position; a misalliance.
Mesally	Same as Mesially.
Mesam/boid	One of a class of independent, isolated cells found in the mesoderm, while the germ layers are undergoing differentiation.
Mesaraic	Mesenteric.
Mesaticephalic	Having the ratio of the length to the breadth of the cranium a medium one; neither brachycephalic nor dolichocephalic.
Mesaticephalous	Mesaticephalic.
Mescal	A distilled liquor prepared in Mexico from a species of agave. See Agave.
Mesdames	pl. of Madame and Madam.
Meseemed	of Meseems
Meseems	It seems to me.
Mesel	A leper.
Meselry	Leprosy.
Mesembryanthemum	A genus of herbaceous or suffruticose plants, chiefly natives of South Africa. The leaves are opposite, thick, and f/eshy. The flowers usually open about midday, whence the name.
Mesencephalic	Of or pertaining to the mesencephalon or midbrain.
Mesencephalon	The middle segment of the brain; the midbrain. Sometimes abbreviated to mesen. See Brain.
Mesenchyma	The part of the mesoblast which gives rise to the connective tissues and blood.
Mesenteric	Pertaining to a mesentery; mesaraic.
Mesenteron	All that part of the alimentary canal which is developed from the primitive enteron and is lined with hypoblast. It is distinguished from the stomod/um, a part at the anterior end of the canal, including the cavity of the mouth, and the proctod/um, a part at the posterior end, which are formed by invagination and are lined with epiblast.
Mesentery	The membranes, or one of the membranes (consisting of a fold of the peritoneum and inclosed tissues), which connect the intestines and their appendages with the dorsal wall of the abdominal cavity. The mesentery proper is connected with the jejunum and ilium, the other mesenteries being called mesocaecum, mesocolon, mesorectum, etc.
Mesentery	One of the vertical muscular radiating partitions which divide the body cavity of Anthozoa into chambers.
Meseraic	Mesaraic.
Mesethmoid	Of or pertaining to the middle of the ethmoid region or ethmoid bone.
Mesethmoid	The median vertical plate, or median element, of the ethmoid bone.
Mesh	The opening or space inclosed by the threads of a net between knot and knot, or the threads inclosing such a space; network; a net.
Mesh	The engagement of the teeth of wheels, or of a wheel and rack.
Meshed	of Mesh
Meshing	of Mesh
Mesh	To catch in a mesh.
Mesh	To engage with each other, as the teeth of wheels.
Meshed	Mashed; brewed.
Meshy	Formed with meshes; netted.
Mesiad	Toward, or on the side toward, the mesial plane; mesially; -- opposed to laterad.
Mesial	Middle; median; in, or in the region of, the mesial plane; internal; -- opposed to lateral.
Mesially	In, near, or toward, the mesial plane; mesiad.
Mesityl	A hypothetical radical formerly supposed to exist in mesityl oxide.
Mesitylenate	A salt of mesitylenic acid.
Mesitylene	A colorless, fragrant liquid, C6H3(CH3)3, of the benzene series of hydrocarbons, obtained by distilling acetone with sulphuric acid.
Mesitylol	A crystalline substance obtained from mesitylene.
Meslin	See Maslin.
Mesmeree	A person subjected to mesmeric influence; one who is mesmerized.
Mesmeric	Alt. of Mesmerical
Mesmerical	Of, pertaining to, or induced by, mesmerism; as, mesmeric sleep.
Mesmerism	The art of inducing an extraordinary or abnormal state of the nervous system, in which the actor claims to control the actions, and communicate directly with the mind, of the recipient. See Animal magnetism, under Magnetism.
Mesmerist	One who practices, or believes in, mesmerism.
Mesmerization	The act of mesmerizing; the state of being mesmerized.
Mesmerized	of Mesmerize
Mesmerizing	of Mesmerize
Mesmerize	To bring into a state of mesmeric sleep.
Mesmerizer	One who mesmerizes.
Mesne	Middle; intervening; as, a mesne lord, that is, a lord who holds land of a superior, but grants a part of it to another person, in which case he is a tenant to the superior, but lord or superior to the second grantee, and hence is called the mesne lord.
Meso-	Alt. of Mes-
Mes-	A combining form denoting in the middle, intermediate;
Mes-	denoting a type of hydrocarbons which are regarded as methenyl derivatives. Also used adjectively.
Mesoarium	The fold of peritoneum which suspends the ovary from the dorsal wall of the body cavity.
Mesoblast	The mesoderm.
Mesoblast	The cell nucleus; mesoplast.
Mesoblastic	Relating to the mesoblast; as, the mesoblastic layer.
Mesobranchial	Of or pertaining to a region of the carapace of a crab covering the middle branchial region.
Mesobronchia	of Mesobronchium
Mesobronchium	The main bronchus of each lung.
Mesocaecum	The fold of peritoneum attached to the caecum.
Mesocarp	The middle layer of a pericarp which consists of three distinct or dissimilar layers.
Mesocephalic	Of or pertaining to, or in the region of, the middle of the head; as, the mesocephalic flexure.
Mesocephalic	Having the cranial cavity of medium capacity; neither megacephalic nor microcephalic.
Mesocephalic	Having the ratio of the length to the breadth of the cranium a medium one; mesaticephalic.
Mesocephalon	The pons Varolii.
Mesocephalous	Mesocephalic.
Mesocoele	Alt. of Mesocoelia
Mesocoelia	The cavity of the mesencephalon; the iter.
Mesocolon	The fold of peritoneum, or mesentery, attached to the colon.
Mesocoracoid	A process from the middle of the coracoid in some animals.
Mesocuneiform	Alt. of Mesocuniform
Mesocuniform	One of the bones of the tarsus. See 2d Cuneiform.
Mesoderm	The layer of the blastoderm, between the ectoderm and endoderm; mesoblast. See Illust. of Blastoderm and Ectoderm.
Mesoderm	The middle body layer in some invertebrates.
Mesoderm	The middle layer of tissue in some vegetable structures.
Mesodermal	Pertaining to, or derived from, the mesoderm; as, mesodermal tissues.
Mesodermic	Same as Mesodermal.
Mesodont	Having teeth of moderate size.
Mesogaster	The fold of peritoneum connecting the stomach with the dorsal wall of the abdominal cavity; the mesogastrium.
Mesogastric	Of or pertaining to the middle region of the abdomen, or of the stomach.
Mesogastric	Of or pertaining to the mesogaster.
Mesogastric	Of or pertaining to the middle gastric lobe of the carapace of a crab.
Mesogastrium	The umbilical region.
Mesogastrium	The mesogaster.
Mesogl/a	A thin gelatinous tissue separating the ectoderm and endoderm in certain coelenterates.
Mesognathous	Having the jaws slightly projecting; between prognathous and orthognathous. See Gnathic index, under Gnathic.
Mesohepar	A fold of the peritoneum connecting the liver with the dorsal wall of the abdominal cavity.
Mesohippus	An extinct mammal of the Horse family, but not larger than a sheep, and having three toes on each foot.
Mesolabe	An instrument of the ancients for finding two mean proportionals between two given lines, required in solving the problem of the duplication of the cube.
Mesole	Same as Thomsonite.
Mesolite	A zeolitic mineral, grayish white or yellowish, occuring in delicate groups of crystals, also fibrous massive. It is a hydrous silicate of alumina, lime, and soda.
Mesologarithm	A logarithm of the cosine or cotangent.
Mesometrium	The fold of the peritoneum supporting the oviduct.
Mesomyodian	A bird having a mesomyodous larynx.
Mesomyodous	Having the intrinsic muscles of the larynx attached to the middle of the semirings.
Meson	The mesial plane dividing the body of an animal into similar right and left halves. The line in which it meets the dorsal surface has been called the dorsimeson, and the corresponding ventral edge the ventrimeson.
Mesonasal	Of or pertaining to the middle portion of the nasal region.
Mesonephric	Of or pertaining to the mesonephros; as, the mesonephric, or Wolffian, duct.
Mesonephros	The middle one of the three pairs of embryonic renal organs developed in most vertebrates; the Wolffian body.
Mesonotum	The dorsal portion of the mesothorax of insects.
Mesophl/um	The middle bark of a tree; the green layer of bark, usually soon covered by the outer or corky layer, and obliterated.
Mesophryon	See Glabella.
Mesophyllum	The parenchyma of a leaf between the skin of the two surfaces.
Mesoplast	The nucleus of a cell; mesoblast.
Mesopodial	Of or pertaining to the mesopodialia or to the parts of the limbs to which they belong.
Mesopodialia	of Mesopodiale
Mesopodiale	One of the bones of either the carpus or tarsus.
Mesopodium	The middle portion of the foot in the Gastropoda and Pteropoda.
Mesopterygium	The middle one of the three principal basal cartilages in the fins of fishes.
Mesorchium	The fold of peritoneum which attaches the testis to the dorsal wall of the body cavity or scrotal sac.
Mesorectum	The fold of peritoneum, or mesentery, attached to the rectum.
Mesorhine	Having the nose of medium width; between leptorhine and platyrhine.
Mesosauria	Same as Mosasauria.
Mesoscapula	A process from the middle of the scapula in some animals; the spine of the scapula.
Mesoscapular	Of or pertaining to the mesoscapula.
Mesoscutum	The scutum or dorsal plate of the middle thoracic segment of an insect. See Illust. of Butterfly.
Mesoseme	Having a medium orbital index; having orbits neither broad nor narrow; between megaseme and microseme.
Mesosiderite	See the Note under Meteorite.
Mesosperm	A membrane of a seed. See Secundine.
Mesostate	A product of metabolic action.
Mesosternal	Of or pertaining to the mesosternum.
Mesosternum	The middle portion, or body, of the sternum.
Mesosternum	The ventral piece of the middle segment of the thorax in insects.
Mesotartaric	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid called also inactive tartaric acid.
Mesotheca	The middle layer of the gonophore in the Hydrozoa.
Mesothelium	Epithelial mesoderm; a layer of cuboidal epithelium cells, formed from a portion of the mesoderm during the differetiation of the germ layers. It constitutes the boundary of the c/lum.
Mesothoracic	Of or pertaining to the mesothorax.
Mesothorax	The middle segment of the thorax in insects. See Illust. of Coleoptera.
Mesotrochal	Having the middle of the body surrounded by bands of cilia; -- said of the larvae of certain marine annelids.
Mesotype	An old term covering natrolite or soda mesolite, scolecite or lime mesotype, and mesolite or lime-soda mesotype.
Mesovarium	The fold of peritoneum connecting the ovary with the wall of the abdominal cavity.
Mesoxalate	A salt of mesoxalic acid.
Mesoxalic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid, CH2O2(CO2H)2, obtained from amido malonic acid.
Mesozoa	A group of very lowly organized, wormlike parasites, including the Dicyemata. They are found in cephalopods. See Dicyemata.
Mesozoic	Belonging, or relating, to the secondary or reptilian age, or the era between the Paleozoic and Cenozoic. See Chart of Geology.
Mesozoic	The Mesozoic age or formation.
Mesprise	Contempt; scorn.
Mesprise	Misadventure; ill-success.
Mesquite	Alt. of Mesquit
Mesquit	A name for two trees of the southwestern part of North America, the honey mesquite, and screw-pod mesquite.
Mess	Mass; church service.
Mess	A quantity of food set on a table at one time; provision of food for a person or party for one meal; as, a mess of pottage; also, the food given to a beast at one time.
Mess	A number of persons who eat together, and for whom food is prepared in common; especially, persons in the military or naval service who eat at the same table; as, the wardroom mess.
Mess	A set of four; -- from the old practice of dividing companies into sets of four at dinner.
Mess	The milk given by a cow at one milking.
Mess	A disagreeable mixture or confusion of things; hence, a situation resulting from blundering or from misunderstanding; as, he made a mess of it.
Messed	of Mess
Messing	of Mess
Mess	To take meals with a mess; to belong to a mess; to eat (with others); as, I mess with the wardroom officers.
Mess	To supply with a mess.
Message	Any notice, word, or communication, written or verbal, sent from one person to another.
Message	Hence, specifically, an official communication, not made in person, but delivered by a messenger; as, the President's message.
Message	To bear as a message.
Message	A messenger.
Messager	A messenger.
Messenger	One who bears a message; the bearer of a verbal or written communication, notice, or invitation, from one person to another, or to a public body; specifically, an office servant who bears messages.
Messenger	One who, or that which, foreshows, or foretells.
Messenger	A hawser passed round the capstan, and having its two ends lashed together to form an endless rope or chain; -- formerly used for heaving in the cable.
Messenger	A person appointed to perform certain ministerial duties under bankrupt and insolvent laws, such as to take charge og the estate of the bankrupt or insolvent.
Messet	A dog.
Messiad	A German epic poem on the Messiah, by Klopstock.
Messiah	The expected king and deliverer of the Hebrews; the Savior; Christ.
Messiahship	The state or office of the Messiah.
Messianic	Of or relating to the Messiah; as, the Messianic office or character.
Messias	The Messiah.
Messidor	The tenth month of the French republican calendar dating from September 22, 1792. It began June 19, and ended July 18. See VendEmiaire.
Messieurs	Sirs; gentlemen; -- abbreviated to Messrs., which is used as the plural of Mr.
Messinese	Of or pertaining to Messina, or its inhabitans.
Messmate	An associate in a mess.
Messuage	A dwelling house, with the adjacent buildings and curtilage, and the adjoining lands appropriated to the use of the household.
Mest	Most.
Mestee	The offspring of a white person and a quadroon; -- so called in the West Indies.
Mester	See Mister, a trade.
Mestinos	of Mestino
Mestino	See Mestizo.
Mestizos	of Mestizo
Mestizo	The offspring of an Indian or a negro and a European or person of European stock.
Mestling	A kind of brass. See Maslin.
Mesymnicum	A repetition at the end of a stanza.
Met	imp. & p. p. of Meet.
Met	imp. & p. p. of Mete, to measure.
Met	p. p. of Mete, to dream.
Meta-	Alt. of Met-
Met-	A prefix meaning between, with, after, behind, over, about, reversely; as, metachronism, the error of placing after the correct time; metaphor, lit., a carrying over; metathesis, a placing reversely.
Met-	Other; duplicate, corresponding to; resembling; hence, metameric; as, meta-arabinic, metaldehyde.
Met-	That two replacing radicals, in the benzene nucleus, occupy the relative positions of 1 and 3, 2 and 4, 3 and 5, 4 and 6, 5 and 1, or 6 and 2; as, metacresol, etc.  See Ortho-, and Para-.
Met-	Having less than the highest number of hydroxyl groups; -- said of acids; as, metaphosphoric acid. Also used adjectively.
Metabases	of Metabasis
Metabasis	A transition from one subject to another.
Metabasis	Same as Metabola.
Metabola	Alt. of Metabole
Metabole	A change or mutation; a change of disease, symptoms, or treatment.
Metabola	Alt. of Metabolia
Metabolia	A comprehensive group of insects, including those that undegro a metamorphosis.
Metabolian	An insect which undergoes a metamorphosis.
Metabolic	Of or pertaining to metamorphosis; pertaining to, or involving, change.
Metabolic	Of or pertaining to metabolism; as, metabolic activity; metabolic force.
Metabolisis	Metabolism.
Metabolism	The act or process, by which living tissues or cells take up and convert into their own proper substance the nutritive material brought to them by the blood, or by which they transform their cell protoplasm into simpler substances, which are fitted either for excretion or for some special purpose, as in the manufacture of the digestive ferments. Hence, metabolism may be either constructive (anabolism), or destructive (katabolism).
Metabolite	A product of metabolism; a substance produced by metabolic action, as urea.
Metabolize	To change by a metabolic process. See Metabolism.
Metabranchial	Of or pertaining to the lobe of the carapace of crabs covering the posterior branchiae.
Metacarpal	Of or pertaining to the metacarpus.
Metacarpal	A metacarpal bone.
Metacarpus	That part of the skeleton of the hand or forefoot between the carpus and phalanges. In man it consists of five bones. See Illust. of Artiodactyla.
Metacenter	Alt. of -tre
-tre	The point of intersection of a vertical line through the center of gravity of the fluid displaced by a floating body which is tipped through a small angle from its position of equilibrium, and the inclined line which was vertical through the center of gravity of the body when in equilibrium.
Metacetone	A colorless liquid of an agreeable odor, C6H10O, obtained by distilling a mixture of sugar and lime; -- so called because formerly regarded as a polymeric modification of acetone.
Metachloral	A white, amorphous, insoluble substance regarded as a polymeric variety of chloral.
Metachronism	An error committed in chronology by placing an event after its real time.
Metachrosis	The power og changing color at will by the expansion of special pigment cells, under nerve influence, as seen in many reptiles, fishes, etc.
Metacinnabarite	Sulphide of mercury in isometric form and black in color.
Metacism	A defect in pronouncing the letter m, or a too frequent use of it.
Metacrolein	A polymeric modification of acrolein obtained by heating it with caustic potash. It is a crystalline substance having an aromatic odor.
Metacromion	A process projecting backward and downward from the acromion of the scapula of some mammals.
Metadiscoidal	Discoidal by derivation; -- applied especially to the placenta of man and apes, because it is supposed to have been derived from a diffused placenta.
Metagastric	Of or pertaining to the two posterior gastric lobes of the carapace of crabs.
Metage	Measurement, especially of coal.
Metage	Charge for, or price of, measuring.
Metagenesis	The change of form which one animal species undergoes in a series of successively produced individuals, extending from the one developed from the ovum to the final perfected individual. Hence, metagenesis involves the production of sexual individuals by nonsexual means, either directly or through intervening sexless generations. Opposed to monogenesis. See Alternate generation, under Generation.
Metagenesis	Alternation of sexual and asexual or gemmiparous generations; -- in distinction from heterogamy.
Metagenetic	Of or pertaining to metagenesis.
Metagenic	Metagenetic.
Metagnathous	Cross-billed; -- said of certain birds, as the crossbill.
Metagrammatism	Anagrammatism.
Metagraphic	By or pertaining to metagraphy.
Metagraphy	The art or act of rendering the letters of the alphabet of one language into the possible equivalents of another; transliteration.
Metal	An elementary substance, as sodium, calcium, or copper, whose oxide or hydroxide has basic rather than acid properties, as contrasted with the nonmetals, or metalloids. No sharp line can be drawn between the metals and nonmetals, and certain elements partake of both acid and basic qualities, as chromium, manganese, bismuth, etc.
Metal	Ore from which a metal is derived; -- so called by miners.
Metal	A mine from which ores are taken.
Metal	The substance of which anything is made; material; hence, constitutional disposition; character; temper.
Metal	Courage; spirit; mettle. See Mettle.
Metal	The broken stone used in macadamizing roads and ballasting railroads.
Metal	The effective power or caliber of guns carried by a vessel of war.
Metal	Glass in a state of fusion.
Metal	The rails of a railroad.
Metaled	of Metal
Metalled	of Metal
Metaling	of Metal
Metalling	of Metal
Metal	To cover with metal; as, to metal a ship's bottom; to metal a road.
Metalammonium	A hypothetical radical derived from ammonium by the substitution of metallic atoms in place of hydrogen.
Metalbumin	A form of albumin found in ascitic and certain serous fluids. It is sometimes regarded as a mixture of albumin and mucin.
Metaldehyde	A white crystalline substance isomeric with, and obtained from, acetic aldehyde by polymerization, and reconvertible into the same.
Metalepses	of Metalepsis
Metalepsis	The continuation of a trope in one word through a succession of significations, or the union of two or more tropes of a different kind in one word.
Metalepsy	Exchange; replacement; substitution; metathesis.
Metaleptic	Of or pertaining to a metalepsis.
Metaleptic	Transverse; as, the metaleptic motion of a muscle.
Metaleptic	Of, pertaining to, concerned in, or occurring by, metalepsy.
Metaleptical	Metaleptic.
Metallic	Of or pertaining to a metal; of the nature of metal; resembling metal; as, a metallic appearance; a metallic alloy.
Metallic	Of, pertaining to, or characterized by, the essential and implied properties of a metal, as contrasted with a nonmetal or metalloid; basic; antacid; positive.
Metallical	See Metallic.
Metallicly	In a metallic manner; by metallic means.
Metallifacture	The production and working or manufacture of metals.
Metalliferous	Producing metals; yielding metals.
Metalliform	Having the form or structure of a metal.
Metalline	Pertaining to, or resembling, a metal; metallic; as, metalline properties.
Metalline	Impregnated with metallic salts; chalybeate; as, metalline water.
Metalline	A substance of variable composition, but resembling a soft, dark-colored metal, used in the bearings of machines for obviating friction, and as a substitute for lubricants.
Metallist	A worker in metals, or one skilled in metals.
Metallization	The act or process of metallizing.
Metallized	of Metallize
Metallizing	of Metallize
Metallize	To impart metallic properties to; to impregnate with a metal.
Metallochrome	A coloring produced by the deposition of some metallic compound; specifically, the prismatic tints produced by depositing a film of peroxide of lead on polished steel by electricity.
Metallochromy	The art or process of coloring metals.
Metallograph	A print made by metallography.
Metallographic	Pertaining to, or by means of, metallography.
Metallographist	One who writes on the subject of metals.
Metallography	The science or art of metals and metal working; also, a treatise on metals.
Metallography	A method of transferring impressions of the grain of wood to metallic surfaces by chemical action.
Metallography	A substitute for lithography, in which metallic plates are used instead of stone.
Metalloid	Formerly, the metallic base of a fixed alkali, or alkaline earth; -- applied by Sir H. Davy to sodium, potassium, and some other metallic substances whose metallic character was supposed to be not well defined.
Metalloid	Now, one of several elementary substances which in the free state are unlike metals, and whose compounds possess or produce acid, rather than basic, properties; a nonmetal; as, boron, carbon, phosphorus, nitrogen, oxygen, sulphur, chlorine, bromine, etc., are metalloids.
Metalloid	Having the appearance of a metal.
Metalloid	Having the properties of a nonmetal; nonmetallic; acid; negative.
Metalloidal	Metalloid.
Metallorganic	Metalorganic.
Metallotherapy	Treatment of disease by applying metallic plates to the surface of the body.
Metallurgic	Alt. of Metallurgical
Metallurgical	Of or pertaining to metallurgy.
Metallurgist	One who works in metals, or prepares them for use; one who is skilled in metallurgy.
Metallurgy	The art of working metals, comprehending the whole process of separating them from other matters in the ore, smelting, refining, and parting them; sometimes, in a narrower sense, only the process of extracting metals from their ores.
Metalmen	of Metalman
Metalman	A worker in metals.
Metalogical	Beyond the scope or province of logic.
Metalorganic	Pertaining to, or denoting, any one of a series of compounds of certain metallic elements with organic radicals; as, zinc methyl, sodium ethyl, etc.
Metamer	Any one of several metameric forms of the same substance, or of different substances having the same composition; as, xylene has three metamers, viz., orthoxylene, metaxylene, and paraxylene.
Metamere	One of successive or homodynamous parts in animals and plants; one of a series of similar parts that follow one another in a vertebrate or articulate animal, as in an earthworm; a segment; a somite. See Illust. of Loeven's larva.
Metameric	Having the same elements united in the same proportion by weight, and with the same molecular weight, but possessing a different structure and different properties; as, methyl ether and ethyl alcohol are metameric compounds. See Isomeric.
Metameric	Of or pertaining to a metamere or its formation; as, metameric segmentation.
Metamerically	In a metameric manner.
Metamerism	The symmetry of a metameric structure; serial symmetry; the state of being made up of metameres.
Metamerism	The state or quality of being metameric; also, the relation or condition of metameric compounds.
Metamorphic	Subject to change; changeable; variable.
Metamorphic	Causing a change of structure.
Metamorphic	Pertaining to, produced by, or exhibiting, certain changes which minerals or rocks may have undergone since their original deposition; -- especially applied to the recrystallization which sedimentary rocks have undergone through the influence of heat and pressure, after which they are called metamorphic rocks.
Metamorphism	The state or quality of being metamorphic; the process by which the material of rock masses has been more or less recrystallized by heat, pressure, etc., as in the change of sedimentary limestone to marble.
Metamorphist	One who believes that the body of Christ was merged into the Deity when he ascended.
Metamorphize	To metamorphose.
Metamorphosed	of Metamorphose
Metamorphosing	of Metamorphose
Metamorphose	To change into a different form; to transform; to transmute.
Metamorphose	Same as Metamorphosis.
Metamorphoser	One who metamorphoses.
Metamorphosic	Changing the form; transforming.
Metamorphoses	of Metamorphosis
Metamorphosis	Change of form, or structure; transformation.
Metamorphosis	A change in the form or function of a living organism, by a natural process of growth or development; as, the metamorphosis of the yolk into the embryo, of a tadpole into a frog, or of a bud into a blossom. Especially, that form of sexual reproduction in which an embryo undergoes a series of marked changes of external form, as the chrysalis stage, pupa stage, etc., in insects. In these intermediate stages sexual reproduction is usually impossible, but they ultimately pass into final and sexually developed forms, from the union of which organisms are produced which pass through the same cycle of changes. See Transformation.
Metamorphosis	The change of material of one kind into another through the agency of the living organism; metabolism.
Metanauplius	A larval crustacean in a stage following the nauplius, and having about seven pairs of appendages.
Metanephritic	Of or pertaining to the metanephros.
Metanephros	The most posterior of the three pairs of embryonic renal organs developed in many vertebrates.
Metanotum	The dorsal portion of the metaphorax of insects.
Metantimonate	A salt of metantimonic acid.
Metantimonic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid (formerly called antimonic acid) analogous to metaphosphoric acid, and obtained as a white amorphous insoluble substance, (HSbO3).
Metantimonic	Formerly, designating an acid, which is now properly called pyroantimonic acid, and analogous to pyrophosphoric acid.
Metapectic	Pertaining to, or designating, a supposed acid obtained from pectin.
Metapectin	A substance obtained from, and resembling, pectin, and occurring in overripe fruits.
Metapeptone	An intermediate product formed in the gastric digestion of albuminous matter.
Metaphor	The transference of the relation between one set of objects to another set for the purpose of brief explanation; a compressed simile; e. g., the ship plows the sea.
Metaphoric	Alt. of Metaphorical
Metaphorical	Of or pertaining to metaphor; comprising a metaphor; not literal; figurative; tropical; as, a metaphorical expression; a metaphorical sense.
Metaphorist	One who makes metaphors.
Metaphosphate	A salt of metaphosphoric acid.
Metaphosphoric	Pertaining to, or designating, a monobasic acid, HPO3, analogous to nitric acid, and, by heating phosphoric acid, obtained as a crystalline substance, commonly called glacial phosphoric acid.
Metaphrase	A verbal translation; a version or translation from one language into another, word for word; -- opposed to paraphrase.
Metaphrase	An answering phrase; repartee.
Metaphrased	Translated literally.
Metaphrasis	Metaphrase.
Metaphrast	A literal translator.
Metaphrastic	Alt. of Metaphrastical
Metaphrastical	Close, or literal.
Metaphysic	See Metaphysics.
Metaphysic	Metaphysical.
Metaphysical	Of or pertaining to metaphysics.
Metaphysical	According to rules or principles of metaphysics; as, metaphysical reasoning.
Metaphysical	Preternatural or supernatural.
Metaphysically	In the manner of metaphysical science, or of a metaphysician.
Metaphysician	One who is versed in metaphysics.
Metaphysics	The science of real as distinguished from phenomenal being; ontology; also, the science of being, with reference to its abstract and universal conditions, as distinguished from the science of determined or concrete being; the science of the conceptions and relations which are necessarily implied as true of every kind of being; phylosophy in general; first principles, or the science of first principles.
Metaphysics	Hence: The scientific knowledge of mental phenomena; mental philosophy; psychology.
Metaphysis	Change of form; transformation.
Metaplasm	A change in the letters or syllables of a word.
Metaplast	A word having more than one form of the root.
Metapode	The posterior division of the foot in the Gastropoda and Pteropoda.
Metapodial	Of or pertaining to the metapodialia, or to the parts of the limbs to which they belong.
Metapodialia	of Metapodiale
Metapodiale	One of the bones of either the metacarpus or metatarsus.
Metapodia	of Metapodium
Metapodium	Same as Metapode.
Metapophyses	of Metapophysis
Metapophysis	A tubercle projecting from the anterior articular processes of some vertebr/; a mammillary process.
Metapterygium	The posterior of the three principal basal cartilages in the fins of fishes.
Metasilicate	A salt of metasilicic acid.
Metasilicic	Designating an acid derived from silicic acid by the removal of water; of or pertaining to such an acid.
Metasomatism	An alteration in a mineral or rock mass when involving a chemical change of the substance, as of chrysolite to serpentine; -- opposed to ordinary metamorphism, as implying simply a recrystallization.
Metasome	One of the component segments of the body of an animal.
Metastannate	A salt of metastannic acid.
Metastannic	Pertaining to, or designating, a compound of tin (metastannic acid), obtained, as an isomeric modification of stannic acid, in the form of a white amorphous substance.
Metastases	of Metastasis
Metastasis	A spiritual change, as during baptism.
Metastasis	A change in the location of a disease, as from one part to another.
Metastasis	The act or process by which matter is taken up by cells or tissues and is transformed into other matter; in plants, the act or process by which are produced all of those chemical changes in the constituents of the plant which are not accompanied by a production of organic matter; metabolism.
Metastatic	Of, pertaining to, or caused by, metastasis; as, a metastatic abscess; the metastatic processes of growth.
Metasternal	Of or pertaining to the metasternum.
Metasternum	The most posterior element of the sternum; the ensiform process; xiphisternum.
Metasternum	The ventral plate of the third or last segment of the thorax of insects.
Metastoma	Alt. of Metastome
Metastome	A median elevation behind the mouth in the arthropods.
Metatarsal	Of or pertaining to the metatarsus.
Metatarsal	A metatarsal bone.
Metatarse	Metatarsus.
Metatarsi	of Metatarsus
Metatarsus	That part of the skeleton of the hind or lower limb between the tarsus and phalanges; metatarse. It consists, in the human foot, of five bones. See Illustration in Appendix.
Metatheses	of Metathesis
Metathesis	Transposition, as of the letters or syllables of a word; as, pistris for pristis; meagre for meager.
Metathesis	A mere change in place of a morbid substance, without removal from the body.
Metathesis	The act, process, or result of exchange, substitution, or replacement of atoms and radicals; thus, by metathesis an acid gives up all or part of its hydrogen, takes on an equivalent amount of a metal or base, and forms a salt.
Metathetic	Alt. of Metathetical
Metathetical	Of or pertaining to metathesis.
Metathoracic	Of or pertaining to the metathorax.
Metathorax	The last or posterior segment of the thorax in insects. See Illust. of Coleoptera.
Metatitanic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid of titanium analogous to metasilicic acid.
Metatungstate	A salt of metatungstic acid.
Metatungstic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid known only in its salts (the metatungstates) and properly called polytungstic, or pyrotungstic, acid.
Metavanadate	A salt of metavanadic acid.
Metavanadic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a vanadic acid analogous to metaphosphoric acid.
Metaxylene	That variety of xylene, or dimethyl benzene, in which the two methyl groups occupy the meta position with reference to each other. It is a colorless inf/ammable liquid.
Metayage	A system of farming on halves.
Metayer	One who cultivates land for a share (usually one half) of its yield, receiving stock, tools, and seed from the landlord.
Metazoa	Those animals in which the protoplasmic mass, constituting the egg, is converted into a multitude of cells, which are metamorphosed into the tissues of the body. A central cavity is commonly developed, and the cells around it are at first arranged in two layers, -- the ectoderm and endoderm. The group comprises nearly all animals except the Protozoa.
Metazoans	of Metazoan
Metazoan	One of the Metazoa.
Metazoic	Of or pertaining to the Metazoa.
Metazoon	One of the Metazoa.
Mete	Meat.
Mete	To meet.
Mette	of Mete
Met	of Mete
Mete	To dream; also impersonally; as, me mette, I dreamed.
Meted	of Mete
Meting	of Mete
Mete	To find the quantity, dimensions, or capacity of, by any rule or standard; to measure.
Mete	To measure.
Mete	Measure; limit; boundary; -- used chiefly in the plural, and in the phrase metes and bounds.
Metecorn	A quantity of corn formerly given by the lord to his customary tenants, as an encouragement to, or reward for, labor and faithful service.
Metely	According to measure or proportion; proportionable; proportionate.
Metempiric	Alt. of Metempirical
Metempirical	Related, or belonging, to the objects of knowledge within the province of metempirics.
Metempiricism	The science that is concerned with metempirics.
Metempirics	The concepts and relations which are conceived as beyond, and yet as related to, the knowledge gained by experience.
Metempsychosed	of Metempsychose
Metempsychosing	of Metempsychose
Metempsychose	To translate or transfer, as the soul, from one body to another.
Metempsychosis	The passage of the soul, as an immortal essence, at the death of the animal body it had inhabited, into another living body, whether of a brute or a human being; transmigration of souls.
Metemptosis	The suppression of a day in the calendar to prevent the date of the new moon being set a day too late, or the suppression of the bissextile day once in 134 years. The opposite to this is the proemptosis, or the addition of a day every 330 years, and another every 2,400 years.
Metencephalon	The posterior part of the brain, including the medulla; the afterbrain. Sometimes abbreviated to meten.
Metensomatosis	The assimilation by one body or organism of the elements of another.
Meteor	Any phenomenon or appearance in the atmosphere, as clouds, rain, hail, snow, etc.
Meteor	Specif.: A transient luminous body or appearance seen in the atmosphere, or in a more elevated region.
Meteoric	Of or pertaining to a meteor, or to meteors; atmospheric, as, meteoric phenomena; meteoric stones.
Meteoric	Influenced by the weather; as, meteoric conditions.
Meteoric	Flashing; brilliant; transient; like a meteor; as, meteoric fame.
Meteorical	Meteoric.
Meteorism	Flatulent distention of the abdomen; tympanites.
Meteorite	A mass of stone or iron which has fallen to the earth from space; an aerolite.
Meteorize	To ascend in vapors; to take the form of a meteor.
Meteorograph	An instrument which registers meteorologic phases or conditions.
Meteorographic	Of or pertaining to meteorography.
Meteorography	The registration of meteorological phenomena.
Meteoroid	A small body moving through space, or revolving about the sun, which on entering the earth's atmosphere would be deflagrated and appear as a meteor.
Meteoroidal	Of or pertaining to a meteoroid or to meteoroids.
Meteorolite	A meteoric stone; an aerolite; a meteorite.
Meteoroligic	Alt. of Meteorological
Meteorological	Of or pertaining to the atmosphere and its phenomena, or to meteorology.
Meteorologist	A person skilled in meteorology.
Meteorology	The science which treats of the atmosphere and its phenomena, particularly of its variations of heat and moisture, of its winds, storms, etc.
Meteoromancy	A species of divination by meteors, chiefly by thunder and lightning, which was held in high estimation by the Romans.
Meteorometer	An apparatus which transmits automatically to a central station atmospheric changes as marked by the anemometer, barometer, thermometer, etc.
Meteoroscope	An astrolabe; a planisphere.
Meteoroscope	An instrument for measuring the position, length, and direction, of the apparent path of a shooting star.
Meteorous	Of the nature or appearance of a meteor.
-meter	A suffix denoting that by which anything is measured; as, barometer, chronometer, dynamometer.
Meter	One who, or that which, metes or measures. See Coal-meter.
Meter	An instrument for measuring, and usually for recording automatically, the quantity measured.
Meter	A line above or below a hanging net, to which the net is attached in order to strengthen it.
Meter	Alt. of Metre
Metre	Rhythmical arrangement of syllables or words into verses, stanzas, strophes, etc.; poetical measure, depending on number, quantity, and accent of syllables; rhythm; measure; verse; also, any specific rhythmical arrangements; as, the Horatian meters; a dactylic meter.
Metre	A poem.
Metre	A measure of length, equal to 39.37 English inches, the standard of linear measure in the metric system of weights and measures. It was intended to be, and is very nearly, the ten millionth part of the distance from the equator to the north pole, as ascertained by actual measurement of an arc of a meridian. See Metric system, under Metric.
Meterage	The act of measuring, or the cost of measuring.
Metergram	A measure of energy or work done; the power exerted in raising one gram through the distance of one meter against gravitation.
Metewand	A measuring rod.
Meteyard	A yard, staff, or rod, used as a measure.
Meth	See Meathe.
Methaemoglobin	A stable crystalline compound obtained by the decomposition of hemoglobin. It is found in old blood stains.
Methal	A white waxy substance, found in small quantities in spermaceti as an ethereal salt of several fatty acids, and regarded as an alcohol of the methane series.
Methane	A light, colorless, gaseous, inflammable hydrocarbon, CH4; marsh gas. See Marsh gas, under Gas.
Metheglin	A fermented beverage made of honey and water; mead.
Methene	See Methylene.
Methenyl	The hypothetical hydrocarbon radical CH, regarded as an essential residue of certain organic compounds.
Methide	A binary compound of methyl with some element; as, aluminium methide, Al2(CH3)6.
Methought	of Methinks
Methinks	It seems to me; I think. See Me.
Methionate	A salt of methionic acid.
Methionic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a sulphonic (thionic) acid derivative of methane, obtained as a stable white crystalline substance, CH2.(SO3H)2, which forms well defined salts.
Method	An orderly procedure or process; regular manner of doing anything; hence, manner; way; mode; as, a method of teaching languages; a method of improving the mind.
Method	Orderly arrangement, elucidation, development, or classification; clear and lucid exhibition; systematic arrangement peculiar to an individual.
Method	Classification; a mode or system of classifying natural objects according to certain common characteristics; as, the method of Theophrastus; the method of Ray; the Linnaean method.
Methodic	Alt. of Methodical
Methodical	Arranged with regard to method; disposed in a suitable manner, or in a manner to illustrate a subject, or to facilitate practical observation; as, the methodical arrangement of arguments; a methodical treatise.
Methodical	Proceeding with regard to method; systematic.
Methodical	Of or pertaining to the ancient school of physicians called methodists.
Methodios	The art and principles of method.
Methodism	The system of doctrines, polity, and worship, of the sect called Methodists.
Methodist	One who observes method.
Methodist	One of an ancient school of physicians who rejected observation and founded their practice on reasoning and theory.
Methodist	One of a sect of Christians, the outgrowth of a small association called the "Holy Club," formed at Oxford University, A.D. 1729, of which the most conspicuous members were John Wesley and his brother Charles; -- originally so called from the methodical strictness of members of the club in all religious duties.
Methodist	A person of strict piety; one who lives in the exact observance of religious duties; -- sometimes so called in contempt or ridicule.
Methodist	Of or pertaining to the sect of Methodists; as, Methodist hymns; a Methodist elder.
Methodistic	Alt. of Methodistical
Methodistical	Of or pertaining to methodists, or to the Methodists.
Methodization	The act or process of methodizing, or the state of being methodized.
Methodized	of Methodize
Methodizing	of Methodize
Methodize	To reduce to method; to dispose in due order; to arrange in a convenient manner; as, to methodize one's work or thoughts.
Methodizer	One who methodizes.
Methodological	Of or pertaining to methodology.
Methodology	The science of method or arrangement; a treatise on method.
Methol	The technical name of methyl alcohol or wood spirit; also, by extension, the class name of any of the series of alcohols of the methane series of which methol proper is the type. See Methyl alcohol, under Methyl.
Methoxyl	A hypothetical radical, CH3O, analogous to hydroxyl.
Methyl	A hydrocarbon radical, CH3, not existing alone but regarded as an essential residue of methane, and appearing as a component part of many derivatives; as, methyl alcohol, methyl ether, methyl amine, etc.
Methylal	A light, volatile liquid, H2C(OCH3)2, regarded as a complex ether, and having a pleasant ethereal odor. It is obtained by the partial oxidation of methyl alcohol. Called also formal.
Methylamine	See Methyl amine, under Methyl.
Methylate	An alcoholate of methyl alcohol in which the hydroxyl hydrogen is replaced by a metal, after the analogy of a hydrate; as, sodium methylate, CH3ONa.
Methylate	To impregnate or mix with methyl or methyl alcohol.
Methylated	Impregnated with, or containing, methyl alcohol or wood spirit; as, methylated spirits.
Methylene	A hydrocarbon radical, CH2, not known in the free state, but regarded as an essential residue and component of certain derivatives of methane; as, methylene bromide, CH2Br2; -- formerly called also methene.
Methylic	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, methyl; specifically, designating methyl alcohol. See under Methyl.
Methysticin	A white, silky, crystalline substance extracted from the thick rootstock of a species of pepper (Piper methysticum) of the South Sea Islands; -- called also kanakin.
Metic	A sojourner; an immigrant; an alien resident in a Grecian city, but not a citizen.
Meticulous	Timid; fearful.
Metif	Alt. of Metive
Metive	See Metis.
Metis	Alt. of Metisse
Metisse	The offspring of a white person and an American Indian.
Metisse	The offspring of a white person and a quadroon; an octoroon.
Metoche	The space between two dentils.
Metoche	The space between two triglyphs.
Metonic	Pertaining to, or discovered by, Meton, the Athenian.
Metonymic	Alt. of Metonymical
Metonymical	Used by way of metonymy.
Metonymy	A trope in which one word is put for another that suggests it; as, we say, a man keeps a good table instead of good provisions; we read Virgil, that is, his poems; a man has a warm heart, that is, warm affections.
Metope	The space between two triglyphs of the Doric frieze, which, among the ancients, was often adorned with carved work. See Illust. of Entablature.
Metope	The face of a crab.
Metopic	Of or pertaining to the forehead or frontal bones; frontal; as, the metopic suture.
Metopomancy	Fortune telling by physiognomy.
Metoposcopic	Alt. of Metoposcopical
Metoposcopical	Of or relating to metoposcopy.
Metoposcopist	One versed in metoposcopy.
Metoposcopy	The study of physiognomy; the art of discovering the character of persons by their features, or the lines of the face.
Metosteon	The postero-lateral ossification in the sternum of birds; also, the part resulting from such ossification.
Metre	See Meter.
Metric	Relating to measurement; involving, or proceeding by, measurement.
Metric	Of or pertaining to the meter as a standard of measurement; of or pertaining to the decimal system of measurement of which a meter is the unit; as, the metric system; a metric measurement.
Metrical	Of or pertaining to the meter; arranged in meter; consisting of verses; as, metrical compositions.
Metrical	Of or pertaining to measurement; as, the inch, foot, yard, etc., are metrical terms; esp., of or pertaining to the metric system.
Metrically	In a metrical manner.
Metrician	A composer of verses.
Metric system	See Metric, a.
Metrification	Composition in metrical form; versification.
Metrify	To make verse.
Metrist	A maker of verses.
Metritis	Inflammation of the womb.
Metrochrome	An instrument for measuring colors.
Metrograph	An instrument attached to a locomotive for recording its speed and the number and duration of its stops.
Metrological	Of or pertaining to metrology.
Metrology	The science of, or a system of, weights and measures; also, a treatise on the subject.
Metromania	A mania for writing verses.
Metromaniac	One who has metromania.
Metrometer	An instrument for measuring the size of the womb.
Metronome	An instrument consisting of a short pendulum with a sliding weight. It is set in motion by clockwork, and serves to measure time in music.
Metronomy	Measurement of time by an instrument.
Metronymic	Derived from the name of one's mother, or other female ancestor; as, a metronymic name or appellation. -- A metronymic appellation.
Metropole	A metropolis.
Metropolis	The mother city; the chief city of a kingdom, state, or country.
Metropolis	The seat, or see, of the metropolitan, or highest church dignitary.
Metropolitan	Of or pertaining to the capital or principal city of a country; as, metropolitan luxury.
Metropolitan	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a metropolitan or the presiding bishop of a country or province, his office, or his dignity; as, metropolitan authority.
Metropolitan	The superior or presiding bishop of a country or province.
Metropolitan	An archbishop.
Metropolitan	A bishop whose see is civil metropolis. His rank is intermediate between that of an archbishop and a patriarch.
Metropolitanate	The see of a metropolitan bishop.
Metropolite	A metropolitan.
Metropolitical	Of or pertaining to a metropolis; being a metropolis; metropolitan; as, the metropolitical chair.
Metrorrhagia	Profuse bleeding from the womb, esp. such as does not occur at the menstrual period.
Metroscope	A modification of the stethoscope, for directly auscultating the uterus from the vagina.
Metrosideros	A myrtaceous genus of trees or shrubs, found in Australia and the South Sea Islands, and having very hard wood. Metrosideros vera is the true ironwood.
Metrotome	An instrument for cutting or scarifying the uterus or the neck of the uterus.
Metrotomy	The operation of cutting into the uterus; hysterotomy; the Caesarean section.
-metry	A suffix denoting the art, process, or science, of measuring; as, acidmetry, chlorometry, chronometry.
Mette	imp. of Mete, to dream.
Mettle	Substance or quality of temperament; spirit, esp. as regards honor, courage, fortitude, ardor, etc.; disposition; -- usually in a good sense.
Mettled	Having mettle; high-spirited; ardent; full of fire.
Mettlesome	Full of spirit; possessing constitutional ardor; fiery; as, a mettlesome horse.
Meute	A cage for hawks; a mew. See 4th Mew, 1.
Meve	To move.
Mew	A gull, esp. the common British species (Larus canus); called also sea mew, maa, mar, mow, and cobb.
Mewed	of Mew
Mewing	of Mew
Mew	To shed or cast; to change; to molt; as, the hawk mewed his feathers.
Mew	To cast the feathers; to molt; hence, to change; to put on a new appearance.
Mew	A cage for hawks while mewing; a coop for fattening fowls; hence, any inclosure; a place of confinement or shelter; -- in the latter sense usually in the plural.
Mew	A stable or range of stables for horses; -- compound used in the plural, and so called from the royal stables in London, built on the site of the king's mews for hawks.
Mew	To shut up; to inclose; to confine, as in a cage or other inclosure.
Mew	To cry as a cat.
Mew	The common cry of a cat.
Mewled	of Mewl
Mewling	of Mewl
Mewl	To cry, as a young child; to squall.
Mewler	One that mewls.
Mews	An alley where there are stables; a narrow passage; a confined place.
Mexal	Alt. of Mexical
Mexical	See Mescal.
Mexican	Of or pertaining to Mexico or its people.
Mexican	A native or inhabitant of Mexico.
Mexicanize	To cause to be like the Mexicans, or their country, esp. in respect of frequent revolutions of government.
Mexicanize	To become like the Mexicans, or their country or government.
Neyne	Same as Meine.
Mezcal	Same as Mescal.
Mezereon	A small European shrub (Daphne Mezereum), whose acrid bark is used in medicine.
Mezquita	A mosque.
Mezuzoth	A piece of parchment bearing the Decalogue and attached to the doorpost; -- in use among orthodox Hebrews.
Mezzanine	Same as Entresol.
Mezzanine	A partial story which is not on the same level with the story of the main part of the edifice, as of a back building, where the floors are on a level with landings of the staircase of the main house.
Mezza voce	With a medium fullness of sound.
Mezzo	Mean; not extreme.
Mezzo-relievo	Mezzo-rilievo.
Mezzo-rilievo	A middle degree of relief in figures, between high and low relief.
Mezzo-rilievo	Sculpture in this kind of relief. See under Alto-rilievo.
Mezzo-soprano	Having a medium compass between the soprano and contralto; -- said of the voice of a female singer.
Mezzo-soprano	A mezzo-soprano voice.
Mezzo-soprano	A person having such a voice.
Mezzotint	A manner of engraving on copper or steel by drawing upon a surface previously roughened, and then removing the roughness in places by scraping, burnishing, etc., so as to produce the requisite light and shade. Also, an engraving so produced.
Mezzotint	To engrave in mezzotint.
Mezzotinter	One who engraves in mezzotint.
Mezzotinto	Mezzotint.
Mezzotintoed	of Mezzotinto
Mezzotintoing	of Mezzotinto
Mezzotinto	To engrave in mezzotint; to represent by mezzotint.
Mhorr	See Mohr.
Mi	A syllable applied to the third tone of the scale of C, i. e., to E, in European solmization, but to the third tone of any scale in the American system.
Miamis	A tribe of Indians that formerly occupied the country between the Wabash and Maumee rivers.
Miargyrite	A mineral of an iron-black color, and very sectile, consisting principally of sulphur, antimony, and silver.
Mias	The orang-outang.
Miascite	A granitoid rock containing feldspar, biotite, elaeolite, and sodalite.
Miasm	Miasma.
Miasmata	of Miasma
Miasma	Infectious particles or germs floating in the air; air made noxious by the presence of such particles or germs; noxious effluvia; malaria.
Miasmal	Containing miasma; miasmatic.
Miasmatic	Alt. of Miasmatical
Miasmatical	Containing, or relating to, miasma; caused by miasma; as, miasmatic diseases.
Miasmatist	One who has made a special study of miasma.
Miasmology	That department of medical science which treats of miasma.
Miauled	of Miaul
Miauling	of Miaul
Miaul	To cry as a cat; to mew; to caterwaul.
Miaul	The crying of a cat.
Mica	The name of a group of minerals characterized by highly perfect cleavage, so that they readily separate into very thin leaves, more or less elastic. They differ widely in composition, and vary in color from pale brown or yellow to green or black. The transparent forms are used in lanterns, the doors of stoves, etc., being popularly called isinglass. Formerly called also cat-silver, and glimmer.
Micaceo-calcareous	Partaking of the nature of, or consisting of, mica and lime; -- applied to a mica schist containing carbonate of lime.
Micaceous	Pertaining to, or containing, mica; splitting into laminae or leaves like mica.
Mice	pl of Mouse.
Micellae	of Micella
Micella	A theoretical aggregation of molecules constituting a structural particle of protoplasm, capable of increase or diminution without change in chemical nature.
Mich	Alt. of Miche
Miche	To lie hid; to skulk; to act, or carry one's self, sneakingly.
Michaelmas	The feat of the archangel Michael, a church festival, celebrated on the  29th of September. Hence, colloquially, autumn.
Micher	One who skulks, or keeps out of sight; hence, a truant; an idler; a thief, etc.
Michery	Theft; cheating.
Miching	Hiding; skulking; cowardly.
Mickle	Much; great.
Micmacs	A tribe of Indians inhabiting Nova Scotia and New Brunswick.
Mico	A small South American monkey (Mico melanurus), allied to the marmoset. The name was originally applied to an albino variety.
Micracoustic	Same as Microustic.
Micraster	A genus of sea urchins, similar to Spatangus, abounding in the chalk formation; -- from the starlike disposal of the ambulacral furrows.
Micrencephalous	Having a small brain.
Micro-	Alt. of Micr-
Micr-	A combining form
Micr-	Small, little, trivial, slight; as, microcosm, microscope.
Micr-	A millionth part of; as, microfarad, microohm, micrometer.
Microampere	One of the smaller measures of electrical currents; the millionth part of one ampere.
Microbacteria	In the classification of Cohn, one of the four tribes of Bacteria.
Microbe	Alt. of Microbion
Microbion	A microscopic organism; -- particularly applied to bacteria and especially to pathogenic forms; as, the microbe of fowl cholera.
Microbian	Of, pertaining to, or caused by, microbes; as, the microbian theory; a microbian disease.
Microbic	Of or pertaining to a microbe.
Microbicide	Any agent detrimental to, or destructive of, the life of microbes or bacterial organisms.
Microcephalic	Alt. of Microcephalous
Microcephalous	Having a small head; having the cranial cavity small; -- opposed to megacephalic.
Micro-chemical	Of or pertaining to micro-chemistry; as, a micro-chemical test.
Micro-chemistry	The application of chemical tests to minute objects or portions of matter, magnified by the use of the microscopy; -- distinguished from macro-chemistry.
Microchronometer	A chronoscope.
Microcline	A mineral of the feldspar group, like orthoclase or common feldspar in composition, but triclinic in form.
Micrococcal	Of or pertaining to micrococci; caused by micrococci.
Micrococci	of Micrococcus
Micrococcus	A genus of Spherobacteria, in the form of very small globular or oval cells, forming, by transverse division, filaments, or chains of cells, or in some cases single organisms shaped like dumb-bells (Diplococcus), all without the power of motion. See Illust. of Ascoccus.
Microcosm	A little world; a miniature universe. Hence (so called by Paracelsus), a man, as a supposed epitome of the exterior universe or great world. Opposed to macrocosm.
Microcosmic	Alt. of Microcosmical
Microcosmical	Of or pertaining to the microcosm.
Microcosmography	Description of man as a microcosm.
Microcoulomb	A measure of electrical quantity; the millionth part of one coulomb.
Microcoustic	Pertaining, or suited, to the audition of small sounds; fitted to assist hearing.
Microcoustic	An instrument for making faint sounds audible, as to a partially deaf person.
Microcrith	The weight of the half hydrogen molecule, or of the hydrogen atom, taken as the standard in comparing the atomic weights of the elements; thus, an atom of oxygen weighs sixteen microcriths. See Crith.
Microcrystalline	Crystalline on a fine, or microscopic, scale; consisting of fine crystals; as, the ground mass of certain porphyrics is microcrystalline.
Microcyte	One of the elementary granules found in blood. They are much smaller than an ordinary corpuscle, and are particularly noticeable in disease, as in anaemia.
Microdont	Having small teeth.
Microfarad	The millionth part of a farad.
Microform	A microscopic form of life; an animal or vegetable organism microscopic size.
Micro-geological	Of or pertaining to micro-geology.
Micro-geology	The part of geology relating to structure and organisms which require to be studied with a microscope.
Micrograph	An instrument for executing minute writing or engraving.
Micrographic	Of or pertaining to micrography.
Micrography	The description of microscopic objects.
Microhm	The millionth part of an ohm.
Microlepidoptera	A tribe of Lepidoptera, including a vast number of minute species, as the plume moth, clothes moth, etc.
Microlestes	An extinct genus of small Triassic mammals, the oldest yet found in European strata.
Microlite	A rare mineral of resinous luster and high specific gravity. It is a tantalate of calcium, and occurs in octahedral crystals usually very minute.
Microlite	A minute inclosed crystal, often observed when minerals or rocks are examined in thin sections under the microscope.
Microlith	Same as Microlite, 2.
Microlithic	Formed of small stones.
Micrologic	Alt. of Micrological
Micrological	Of or pertaining to micrology; very minute; as, micrologic examination.
Micrology	That part of science which treats of microscopic objects, or depends on microscopic observation.
Micrology	Attention to petty items or differences.
Micromere	One of the smaller cells, or blastomeres, resulting from the complete segmentation of a telolecithal ovum.
Micrometer	An instrument, used with a telescope or microscope, for measuring minute distances, or the apparent diameters of objects which subtend minute angles. The measurement given directly is that of the image of the object formed at the focus of the object glass.
Micrometric	Alt. of Micrometrical
Micrometrical	Belonging to micrometry; made by the micrometer.
Micrometry	The art of measuring with a micrometer.
Micromillimeter	The millionth part of a meter.
Micron	A measure of length; the thousandth part of one millimeter; the millionth part of a meter.
Micronesian	Of or pertaining to Micronesia, a collective designation of the islands in the western part of the Pacific Ocean, embracing the Marshall and Gilbert groups, the Ladrones, the Carolines, etc.
Micronesians	A dark race inhabiting the Micronesian Islands. They are supposed to be a mixed race, derived from Polynesians and Papuans.
Micronometer	An instrument for noting minute portions of time.
Microorganism	Any microscopic form of life; -- particularly applied to bacteria and similar organisms, esp. such are supposed to cause infectious diseases.
Micropantograph	A kind of pantograph which produces copies microscopically minute.
Micropegmatite	A rock showing under the microscope the structure of a graphic granite (pegmatite).
Microphone	An instrument for intensifying and making audible very feeble sounds. It produces its effects by the changes of intensity in an electric current, occasioned by the variations in the contact resistance of conducting bodies, especially of imperfect conductors, under the action of acoustic vibrations.
Microphonics	The science which treats of the means of increasing the intensity of low or weak sounds, or of the microphone.
Microphonous	Serving to augment the intensity of weak sounds; microcoustic.
Microphotograph	A microscopically small photograph of a picture, writing, printed page, etc.
Microphotograph	An enlarged representation of a microscopic object, produced by throwing upon a sensitive plate the magnified image of an object formed by a microscope or other suitable combination of lenses.
Microphotography	The art of making microphotographs.
Microphthalmia	Alt. of Microphthalmy
Microphthalmy	An unnatural smallness of the eyes, occurring as the result of disease or of imperfect development.
Microphyllous	Small-leaved.
Microphytal	Pertaining to, or of the nature of, microphytes.
Microphyte	A very minute plant, one of certain unicellular algae, such as the germs of various infectious diseases are believed to be.
Micropyle	An opening in the membranes surrounding the ovum, by which nutrition is assisted and the entrance of the spermatozoa permitted.
Micropyle	An opening in the outer coat of a seed, through which the fecundating pollen enters the ovule.
Microscopal	Pertaining to microscopy, or to the use of the microscope.
Microscope	An optical instrument, consisting of a lens, or combination of lenses, for making an enlarged image of an object which is too minute to be viewed by the naked eye.
Microscopial	Microscopic.
Microscopic	Alt. of Microscopical
Microscopical	Of or pertaining to the microscope or to microscopy; made with a microscope; as, microscopic observation.
Microscopical	Able to see extremely minute objects.
Microscopical	Very small; visible only by the aid of a microscope; as, a microscopic insect.
Microscopically	By the microscope; with minute inspection; in a microscopic manner.
Microscopist	One skilled in, or given to, microscopy.
Microscopy	The use of the microscope; investigation with the microscope.
Microseme	Having the orbital index relatively small; having the orbits broad transversely; -- opposed to megaseme.
Microspectroscope	A spectroscope arranged for attachment to a microscope, for observation of the spectrum of light from minute portions of any substance.
Microsporangium	A sporangium or conceptacle containing only very minute spores.  Cf. Macrosporangium.
Microspore	One of the exceedingly minute spores found in certain flowerless plants, as Selaginella and Isoetes, which bear two kinds of spores, one very much smaller than the other.  Cf. Macrospore.
Microsporic	Of or pertaining to microspores.
Microsthene	One of a group of mammals having a small size as a typical characteristic. It includes the lower orders, as the Insectivora, Cheiroptera, Rodentia, and Edentata.
Microsthenic	Having a typically small size; of or pertaining to the microsthenes.
Microtasimeter	A tasimeter, especially when arranged for measuring very small extensions. See Tasimeter.
Microtome	An instrument for making very thin sections for microscopical examination.
Microtomist	One who is skilled in or practices microtomy.
Microtomy	The art of using the microtome; investigation carried on with the microtome.
Microvolt	A measure of electro-motive force; the millionth part of one volt.
Microweber	The millionth part of one weber.
Microzoa	The Infusoria.
Microzoospore	A small motile spore furnished with two vibratile cilia, found in certain green algae.
Microzyme	A microorganism which is supposed to act like a ferment in causing or propagating certain infectious or contagious diseases; a pathogenic bacterial organism.
Micturition	The act of voiding urine; also, a morbidly frequent passing of the urine, in consequence of disease.
Mid	Denoting the middle part; as, in mid ocean.
Mid	Occupying a middle position; middle; as, the mid finger; the mid hour of night.
Mid	Made with a somewhat elevated position of some certain part of the tongue, in relation to the palate; midway between the high and the low; -- said of certain vowel sounds; as, a (ale), / (/ll), / (/ld). See Guide to Pronunciation, // 10, 11.
Mid	Middle.
Mid	See Amid.
Mida	The larva of the bean fly.
Midas	A genus of longeared South American monkeys, including numerous species of marmosets. See Marmoset.
Midas's ear	A pulmonate mollusk (Auricula, / Ellobium, aurismidae); -- so called from resemblance to a human ear.
Midbrain	The middle segment of the brain; the mesencephalon. See Brain.
Midday	The middle part of the day; noon.
Midday	Of or pertaining to noon; meridional; as, the midday sun.
Midden	A dunghill.
Midden	An accumulation of refuse about a dwelling place; especially, an accumulation of shells or of cinders, bones, and other refuse on the supposed site of the dwelling places of prehistoric tribes, -- as on the shores of the Baltic Sea and in many other places. See Kitchen middens.
Midden crow	The common European crow.
Middest	Situated most nearly in the middle; middlemost; midmost.
Middest	Midst; middle.
Midding	Same as Midden.
Middle	Equally distant from the extreme either of a number of things or of one thing; mean; medial; as, the middle house in a row; a middle rank or station in life; flowers of middle summer; men of middle age.
Middle	Intermediate; intervening.
Middle	The point or part equally distant from the extremities or exterior limits, as of a line, a surface, or a solid; an intervening point or part in space, time, or order of series; the midst; central portion
Middle	the waist.
Middle-age	Of or pertaining to the Middle Ages; mediaeval.
Middle-aged	Being about the middle of the ordinary age of man; between 30 and 50 years old.
Middle-earth	The world, considered as lying between heaven and hell.
Middle-ground	That part of a picture between the foreground and the background.
Middlemen	of Middleman
Middleman	An agent between two parties; a broker; a go-between; any dealer between the producer and the consumer; in Ireland, one who takes land of the proprietors in large tracts, and then rents it out in small portions to the peasantry.
Middleman	A person of intermediate rank; a commoner.
Middleman	The man who occupies a central position in a file of soldiers.
Middlemost	Being in the middle, or nearest the middle; midmost.
Middler	One of a middle or intermediate class in some schools and seminaries.
Middling	Of middle rank, state, size, or quality; about equally distant from the extremes; medium; moderate; mediocre; ordinary.
Middlings	A combination of the coarser parts of ground wheat the finest bran, separated from the fine flour and coarse bran in bolting; -- formerly regarded as valuable only for feed; but now, after separation of the bran, used for making the best quality of flour. Middlings contain a large proportion of gluten.
Middlings	In the southern and western parts of the United States, the portion of the hog between the ham and the shoulder; bacon; -- called also middles.
Middies	of Middy
Middy	A colloquial abbreviation of midshipman.
Midfeather	A vertical water space in a fire box or combustion chamber.
Midfeather	A support for the center of a tunnel.
Midgard	The middle space or region between heaven and hell; the abode of human beings; the earth.
Midge	Any one of many small, delicate, long-legged flies of the Chironomus, and allied genera, which do not bite. Their larvae are usually aquatic.
Midge	A very small fly, abundant in many parts of the United States and Canada, noted for the irritating quality of its bite.
Midget	A minute bloodsucking fly.
Midget	A very diminutive person.
Midgut	The middle part of the alimentary canal from the stomach, or entrance of the bile duct, to, or including, the large intestine.
Midheaven	The midst or middle of heaven or the sky.
Midheaven	The meridian, or middle line of the heavens; the point of the ecliptic on the meridian.
Midland	Being in the interior country; distant from the coast or seashore; as, midland towns or inhabitants.
Midland	Surrounded by the land; mediterranean.
Midland	The interior or central region of a country; -- usually in the plural.
Midmain	The middle part of the main or sea.
Midmost	Middle; middlemost.
Midnight	The middle of the night; twelve o'clock at night.
Midnight	Being in, or characteristic of, the middle of the night; as, midnight studies; midnight gloom.
Midrashim	of Midrash
Midrashoth	of Midrash
Midrash	A talmudic exposition of the Hebrew law, or of some part of it.
Midrib	A continuation of the petiole, extending from the base to the apex of the lamina of a leaf.
Midriff	See Diaphragm, n., 2.
Mid sea	Alt. of Mid-sea
Mid-sea	The middle part of the sea or ocean.
Midship	Of or pertaining to, or being in, the middle of a ship.
Midshipmen	of Midshipman
Midshipman	Formerly, a kind of naval cadet, in a ship of war, whose business was to carry orders, messages, reports, etc., between the officers of the quarter-deck and those of the forecastle, and render other services as required.
Midshipman	In the English naval service, the second rank attained by a combatant officer after a term of service as naval cadet. Having served three and a half years in this rank, and passed an examination, he is eligible to promotion to the rank of lieutenant.
Midshipman	In the United States navy, the lowest grade of officers in line of promotion, being graduates of the Naval Academy awaiting promotion to the rank of ensign.
Midshipman	An American marine fish of the genus Porichthys, allied to the toadfish.
Midships	In the middle of a ship; -- properly amidships.
Midships	The timbers at the broadest part of the vessel.
Midst	The interior or central part or place; the middle; -- used chiefly in the objective case after in; as, in the midst of the forest.
Midst	Hence, figuratively, the condition of being surrounded or beset; the press; the burden; as, in the midst of official duties; in the midst of secular affairs.
Midst	In the midst of; amidst.
Midst	In the middle.
Midsummer	The middle of summer.
Midward	Situated in the middle.
Midward	In or toward the midst.
Midway	The middle of the way or distance; a middle way or course.
Midway	Being in the middle of the way or distance; as, the midway air.
Midway	In the middle of the way or distance; half way.
Midweek	The middle of the week. Also used adjectively.
Midwives	of Midwife
Midwife	A woman who assists other women in childbirth; a female practitioner of the obstetric art.
Midwife	To assist in childbirth.
Midwife	To perform the office of midwife.
Midwifery	The art or practice of assisting women in childbirth; obstetrics.
Midwifery	Assistance at childbirth; help or cooperation in production.
Midwinter	The middle of winter.
Midwive	To midwife.
Mien	Aspect; air; manner; demeanor; carriage; bearing.
Miff	A petty falling out; a tiff; a quarrel; offense.
Miff	To offend slightly.
Might	imp. of May.
Might	Force or power of any kind, whether of body or mind; energy or intensity of purpose, feeling, or action; means or resources to effect an object; strength; force; power; ability; capacity.
Mightful	Mighty.
Mightily	In a mighty manner; with might; with great earnestness; vigorously; powerfully.
Mightily	To a great degree; very much.
Mightiness	The quality of being mighty; possession of might; power; greatness; high dignity.
Mightiness	Highness; excellency; -- with a possessive pronoun, a title of dignity; as, their high mightinesses.
Mightless	Without; weak.
Mighty	Possessing might; having great power or authority.
Mighty	Accomplished by might; hence, extraordinary; wonderful.
Mighty	Denoting and extraordinary degree or quality in respect of size, character, importance, consequences, etc.
Mighties	of Mighty
Mighty	A warrior of great force and courage.
Mighty	In a great degree; very.
Migniard	Soft; dainty.
Migniardise	Delicate fondling.
Mignon	See 3d Minion.
Mignon	To flatter.
Mignonette	A plant (Reseda odorata) having greenish flowers with orange-colored stamens, and exhaling a delicious fragrance. In Africa it is a low shrub, but further north it is usually an annual herb.
Migraine	Same as Megrim.
Migrant	Migratory.
Migrant	A migratory bird or other animal.
Migrated	of Migrate
Migrating	of Migrate
Migrate	To remove from one country or region to another, with a view to residence; to change one's place of residence; to remove; as, the Moors who migrated from Africa into Spain; to migrate to the West.
Migrate	To pass periodically from one region or climate to another for feeding or breeding; -- said of certain birds, fishes, and quadrupeds.
Migration	The act of migrating.
Migratory	Removing regularly or occasionally from one region or climate to another; as, migratory birds.
Migratory	Hence, roving; wandering; nomad; as, migratory habits; a migratory life.
Mikado	The popular designation of the hereditary sovereign of Japan.
Mikmaks	Same as Micmacs.
Milage	Same as Mileage.
Milanese	Of or pertaining to Milan in Italy, or to its inhabitants.
Milanese	A native or inhabitant of Milan; people of Milan.
Milch	Giving milk; -- now applied only to beasts.
Milch	Tender; pitiful; weeping.
Mild	Gentle; pleasant; kind; soft; bland; clement; hence, moderate in degree or quality; -- the opposite of harsh, severe, irritating, violent, disagreeable, etc.; -- applied to persons and things; as, a mild disposition; a mild eye; a mild air; a mild medicine; a mild insanity.
Milden	To make mild, or milder.
Mildew	A growth of minute powdery or webby fungi, whitish or of different colors, found on various diseased or decaying substances.
Mildewed	of Mildew
Mildewing	of Mildew
Mildew	To taint with mildew.
Mildew	To become tainted with mildew.
Mildly	In a mild manner.
Mildness	The quality or state of being mild; as, mildness of temper; the mildness of the winter.
Mile	A certain measure of distance, being equivalent in England and the United States to 320 poles or rods, or 5,280 feet.
Mileage	An allowance for traveling expenses at a certain rate per mile.
Mileage	Aggregate length or distance in miles; esp., the sum of lengths of tracks or wires of a railroad company, telegraph company, etc.
Milepost	A post, or one of a series of posts, set up to indicate spaces of a mile each or the distance in miles from a given place.
Milesian	Of or pertaining to Miletus, a city of Asia Minor, or to its inhabitants.
Milesian	Descended from King Milesius of Spain, whose two sons are said to have conquered Ireland about 1300 b. c.; or pertaining to the descendants of King Milesius; hence, Irish.
Milesian	A native or inhabitant of Miletus.
Milesian	A native or inhabitant of Ireland.
Milestone	A stone serving the same purpose as a milepost.
Milfoil	A common composite herb (Achillea Millefolium) with white flowers and finely dissected leaves; yarrow.
Miliaria	A fever accompanied by an eruption of small, isolated, red pimples, resembling a millet seed in form or size; miliary fever.
Miliary	Like millet seeds; as, a miliary eruption.
Miliary	Accompanied with an eruption like millet seeds; as, a miliary fever.
Miliary	Small and numerous; as, the miliary tubercles of Echini.
Miliary	One of the small tubercles of Echini.
Milice	Militia.
Miliola	A genus of Foraminifera, having a porcelanous shell with several longitudinal chambers.
Miliolite	A fossil shell of, or similar to, the genus Miliola.
Miliolite	The same Milliolitic.
Miliolitic	Of or pertaining to the genus Miliola; containing miliolites.
Militancy	The state of being militant; warfare.
Militancy	A military spirit or system; militarism.
Militant	Engaged in warfare; fighting; combating; serving as a soldier.
Militar	Military.
Militarily	In a military manner.
Militarism	A military state or condition; reliance on military force in administering government; a military system.
Militarism	The spirit and traditions of military life.
Militarist	A military man.
Military	Of or pertaining to soldiers, to arms, or to war; belonging to, engaged in, or appropriate to, the affairs of war; as, a military parade; military discipline; military bravery; military conduct; military renown.
Military	Performed or made by soldiers; as, a military election; a military expedition.
Military	The whole body of soldiers; soldiery; militia; troops; the army.
Militated	of Militate
Militating	of Militate
Militate	To make war; to fight; to contend; -- usually followed by against and with.
Militia	In the widest sense, the whole military force of a nation, including both those engaged in military service as a business, and those competent and available for such service; specifically, the body of citizens enrolled for military instruction and discipline, but not subject to be called into actual service except in emergencies.
Militia	Military service; warfare.
Militiamen	of Militiaman
Militiaman	One who belongs to the militia.
Militiate	To carry on, or prepare for, war.
Milk	A white fluid secreted by the mammary glands of female mammals for the nourishment of their young, consisting of minute globules of fat suspended in a solution of casein, albumin, milk sugar, and inorganic salts.
Milk	A kind of juice or sap, usually white in color, found in certain plants; latex. See Latex.
Milk	An emulsion made by bruising seeds; as, the milk of almonds, produced by pounding almonds with sugar and water.
Milk	The ripe, undischarged spat of an oyster.
Milked	of Milk
Milking	of Milk
Milk	To draw or press milk from the breasts or udder of, by the hand or mouth; to withdraw the milk of.
Milk	To draw from the breasts or udder; to extract, as milk; as, to milk wholesome milk from healthy cows.
Milk	To draw anything from, as if by milking; to compel to yield profit or advantage; to plunder.
Milk	To draw or to yield milk.
Milken	Consisting of milk.
Milker	One who milks; also, a mechanical apparatus for milking cows.
Milker	A cow or other animal that gives milk.
Milkful	Full of milk; abounding with food.
Milkily	In a milky manner.
Milkiness	State or quality of being milky.
Milk-livered	White-livered; cowardly; timorous.
Milkmaid	A woman who milks cows or is employed in the dairy.
Milkmen	of Milkman
Milkman	A man who sells milk or delivers is to customers.
Milksop	A piece of bread sopped in milk; figuratively, an effeminate or weak-minded person.
Milk vetch	A leguminous herb (Astragalus glycyphyllos) of Europe and Asia, supposed to increase the secretion of milk in goats.
Milkweed	Any plant of the genera Asclepias and Acerates, abounding in a milky juice, and having its seed attached to a long silky down; silkweed. The name is also applied to several other plants with a milky juice, as to several kinds of spurge.
Milkwort	A genus of plants (Polygala) of many species. The common European P. vulgaris was supposed to have the power of producing a flow of milk in nurses.
Milky	Consisting of, or containing, milk.
Milky	Like, or somewhat like, milk; whitish and turbid; as, the water is milky. "Milky juice."
Milky	Yielding milk.
Milky	Mild; tame; spiritless.
Mill	A money of account of the United States, having the value of the tenth of a cent, or the thousandth of a dollar.
Mill	A machine for grinding or comminuting any substance, as grain, by rubbing and crushing it between two hard, rough, or intented surfaces; as, a gristmill, a coffee mill; a bone mill.
Mill	A machine used for expelling the juice, sap, etc., from vegetable tissues by pressure, or by pressure in combination with a grinding, or cutting process; as, a cider mill; a cane mill.
Mill	A machine for grinding and polishing; as, a lapidary mill.
Mill	A common name for various machines which produce a manufactured product, or change the form of a raw material by the continuous repetition of some simple action; as, a sawmill; a stamping mill, etc.
Mill	A building or collection of buildings with machinery by which the processes of manufacturing are carried on; as, a cotton mill; a powder mill; a rolling mill.
Mill	A hardened steel roller having a design in relief, used for imprinting a reversed copy of the design in a softer metal, as copper.
Mill	An excavation in rock, transverse to the workings, from which material for filling is obtained.
Mill	A passage underground through which ore is shot.
Mill	A milling cutter. See Illust. under Milling.
Mill	A pugilistic.
Milled	of Mill
Milling	of Mill
Mill	To reduce to fine particles, or to small pieces, in a mill; to grind; to comminute.
Mill	To shape, finish, or transform by passing through a machine; specifically, to shape or dress, as metal, by means of a rotary cutter.
Mill	To make a raised border around the edges of, or to cut fine grooves or indentations across the edges of, as of a coin, or a screw head; also, to stamp in a coining press; to coin.
Mill	To pass through a fulling mill; to full, as cloth.
Mill	To beat with the fists.
Mill	To roll into bars, as steel.
Mill	To swim under water; -- said of air-breathing creatures.
Millboard	A kind of stout pasteboard.
Mill-cake	The incorporated materials for gunpowder, in the form of a dense mass or cake, ready to be subjected to the process of granulation.
Milldam	A dam or mound to obstruct a water course, and raise the water to a height sufficient to turn a mill wheel.
Milled	Having been subjected to some process of milling.
Millefiore glass	Slender rods or tubes of colored glass fused together and embedded in clear glass; -- used for paperweights and other small articles.
Millenarian	Consisting of a thousand years; of or pertaining to the millennium, or to the Millenarians.
Millenarian	One who believes that Christ will personally reign on earth a thousand years; a Chiliast.
Millenarianism	Alt. of Millenarism
Millenarism	The doctrine of Millenarians.
Millenary	Consisting of a thousand; millennial.
Millenary	The space of a thousand years; a millennium; also, a Millenarian.
Millennial	Of or pertaining to the millennium, or to a thousand years; as, a millennial period; millennial happiness.
Millennialist	One who believes that Christ will reign personally on earth a thousand years; a Chiliast; also, a believer in the universal prevalence of Christianity for a long period.
Millennialism	Alt. of Millenniarism
Millenniarism	Belief in, or expectation of, the millennium; millenarianism.
Millennist	One who believes in the millennium.
Millennium	A thousand years; especially, the thousand years mentioned in the twentieth chapter in the twentieth chapter of Revelation, during which holiness is to be triumphant throughout the world. Some believe that, during this period, Christ will reign on earth in person with his saints.
Milleped	A myriapod with many legs, esp. a chilognath, as the galleyworm.
Millepora	A genus of Hydrocorallia, which includes the millipores.
Millepore	Any coral of the genus Millepora, having the surface nearly smooth, and perforated with very minute unequal pores, or cells. The animals are hydroids, not Anthozoa. See Hydrocorallia.
Milleporite	A fossil millepore.
Miller	One who keeps or attends a flour mill or gristmill.
Miller	A milling machine.
Miller	A moth or lepidopterous insect; -- so called because the wings appear as if covered with white dust or powder, like a miller's clothes. Called also moth miller.
Miller	The eagle ray.
Miller	The hen harrier.
Millerite	A believer in the doctrine of William Miller (d. 1849), who taught that the end of the world and the second coming of Christ were at hand.
Millerite	A sulphide of nickel, commonly occurring in delicate capillary crystals, also in incrustations of a bronze yellow; -- sometimes called hair pyrites.
Millesimal	Thousandth; consisting of thousandth parts; as, millesimal fractions.
Millet	The name of several cereal and forage grasses which bear an abundance of small roundish grains. The common millets of Germany and Southern Europe are Panicum miliaceum, and Setaria Italica.
Milli-	A prefix denoting a thousandth part of; as, millimeter, milligram, milliampere.
Milliampere	The thousandth part of one ampere.
Milliard	A thousand millions; -- called also billion.  See Billion.
Milliary	Of or pertaining to a mile, or to distance by miles; denoting a mile or miles.
Milliaries	of Milliary
Milliary	A milestone.
Millier	A weight of the metric system, being one million grams; a metric ton.
Millifold	Thousandfold.
Milligram	Alt. of Milligramme
Milligramme	A measure of weight, in the metric system, being the thousandth part of a gram, equal to the weight of a cubic millimeter of water, or .01543 of a grain avoirdupois.
Milliliter	Alt. of Millilitre
Millilitre	A measure of capacity in the metric system, containing the thousandth part of a liter. It is a cubic centimeter, and is equal to .061 of an English cubic inch, or to .0338 of an American fluid ounce.
Millimeter	Alt. of Millimetre
Millimetre	A lineal measure in the metric system, containing the thousandth part of a meter; equal to .03937 of an inch. See 3d Meter.
Milliner	Formerly, a man who imported and dealt in small articles of a miscellaneous kind, especially such as please the fancy of women.
Milliner	A person, usually a woman, who makes, trims, or deals in hats, bonnets, headdresses, etc., for women.
Millinery	The articles made or sold by milliners, as headdresses, hats or bonnets, laces, ribbons, and the like.
Millinery	The business of work of a milliner.
Millinet	A stiff cotton fabric used by milliners for lining bonnets.
Milling	The act or employment of grinding or passing through a mill; the process of fulling; the process of making a raised or intented edge upon coin, etc.; the process of dressing surfaces of various shapes with rotary cutters. See Mill.
Million	The number of ten hundred thousand, or a thousand thousand, -- written 1,000, 000. See the Note under Hundred.
Million	A very great number; an indefinitely large number.
Million	The mass of common people; -- with the article the.
Millionaire	One whose wealth is counted by millions of francs, dollars, or pounds; a very rich person; a person worth a million or more.
Millionairess	A woman who is a millionaire, or the wife of a millionaire.
Millionary	Of or pertaining to millions; consisting of millions; as, the millionary chronology of the pundits.
Millioned	Multiplied by millions; innumerable.
Millionnaire	Millionaire.
Millionth	Being the last one of a million of units or objects counted in regular order from the first of a series or succession; being one of a million.
Millionth	The quotient of a unit divided by one million; one of a million equal parts.
Milliped	The same Milleped.
Millistere	A liter, or cubic decimeter.
Milliweber	The thousandth part of one weber.
Millrea	Alt. of Millreis
Millree	Alt. of Millreis
Millreis	See Milreis.
Millrind	Alt. of Millrynd
Millrynd	A figure supposed to represent the iron which holds a millstone by being set into its center.
Mill-sixpence	A milled sixpence; -- the sixpence being one of the first English coins milled (1561).
Millstone	One of two circular stones used for grinding grain or other substance.
Millwork	The shafting, gearing, and other driving machinery of mills.
Millwork	The business of setting up or of operating mill machinery.
Millwright	A mechanic whose occupation is to build mills, or to set up their machinery.
Milreis	A Portuguese money of account rated in the treasury department of the United States at one dollar and eight cents; also, a Brazilian money of account rated at fifty-four cents and six mills.
Milt	The spleen.
Milt	The spermatic fluid of fishes.
Milt	The testes, or spermaries, of fishes when filled with spermatozoa.
Milt	To impregnate (the roe of a fish) with milt.
Milter	A male fish.
Miltonian	Miltonic.
Miltonic	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, Milton, or his writings; as, Miltonic prose.
Miltwaste	A small European fern (Asplenium Ceterach) formerly used in medicine.
Milvine	Of or resembling birds of the kite kind.
Milvine	A bird related to the kite.
Milvus	A genus of raptorial birds, including the European kite.
Mime	A kind of drama in which real persons and events were generally represented in a ridiculous manner.
Mime	An actor in such representations.
Mime	To mimic.
Mimeograph	An autographic stencil copying device invented by Edison.
Mimesis	Imitation; mimicry.
Mimetene	See Mimetite.
Mimetic	Alt. of Mimetical
Mimetical	Apt to imitate; given to mimicry; imitative.
Mimetical	Characterized by mimicry; -- applied to animals and plants; as, mimetic species; mimetic organisms. See Mimicry.
Mimetism	Same as Mimicry.
Mimetite	A mineral occurring in pale yellow or brownish hexagonal crystals. It is an arseniate of lead.
Mimic	Alt. of Mimical
Mimical	Imitative; mimetic.
Mimical	Consisting of, or formed by, imitation; imitated; as, mimic gestures.
Mimical	Imitative; characterized by resemblance to other forms; -- applied to crystals which by twinning resemble simple forms of a higher grade of symmetry.
Mimic	One who imitates or mimics, especially one who does so for sport; a copyist; a buffoon.
Mimicked	of Mimic
Mimicking	of Mimic
Mimic	To imitate or ape for sport; to ridicule by imitation.
Mimic	To assume a resemblance to (some other organism of a totally different nature, or some surrounding object), as a means of protection or advantage.
Mimically	In an imitative manner.
Mimicker	One who mimics; a mimic.
Mimicker	An animal which imitates something else, in form or habits.
Mimicry	The act or practice of one who mimics; ludicrous imitation for sport or ridicule.
Mimicry	Protective resemblance; the resemblance which certain animals and plants exhibit to other animals and plants or to the natural objects among which they live, -- a characteristic which serves as their chief means of protection against enemies; imitation; mimesis; mimetism.
Mimographer	A writer of mimes.
Mimosa	A genus of leguminous plants, containing many species, and including the sensitive plants (Mimosa sensitiva, and M. pudica).
Mimotannic	Pertaining to, or designating, a variety of tannin or tannic acid found in Acacia, Mimosa, etc.
Minae	of Mina
Minas	of Mina
Mina	An ancient weight or denomination of money, of varying value. The Attic mina was valued at a hundred drachmas.
Mina	See Myna.
Minable	Such as can be mined; as, minable earth.
Minacious	Threatening; menacing.
Minacity	Disposition to threaten.
Minaret	A slender, lofty tower attached to a mosque and surrounded by one or more projecting balconies, from which the summon to prayer is cried by the muezzin.
Minargent	An alloy consisting of copper, nickel, tungsten, and aluminium; -- used by jewelers.
Minatorially	Alt. of Minatorily
Minatorily	In a minatory manner; with threats.
Minatory	Threatening; menacing.
Minaul	Same as Manul.
Minced	of Mince
Minging	of Mince
Mince	To cut into very small pieces; to chop fine; to hash; as, to mince meat.
Mince	To suppress or weaken the force of; to extenuate; to palliate; to tell by degrees, instead of directly and frankly; to clip, as words or expressions; to utter half and keep back half of.
Mince	To affect; to make a parade of.
Mince	To walk with short steps; to walk in a prim, affected manner.
Mince	To act or talk with affected nicety; to affect delicacy in manner.
Mince	A short, precise step; an affected manner.
Mince-meat	Minced meat; meat chopped very fine; a mixture of boiled meat, suet, apples, etc., chopped very fine, to which spices and raisins are added; -- used in making mince pie.
Mince pie	A pie made of mince-meat.
Mincer	One who minces.
Mincing	That minces; characterized by primness or affected nicety.
Mincingly	In a mincing manner; not fully; with affected nicety.
Mind	The intellectual or rational faculty in man; the understanding; the intellect; the power that conceives, judges, or reasons; also, the entire spiritual nature; the soul; -- often in distinction from the body.
Mind	The state, at any given time, of the faculties of thinking, willing, choosing, and the like; psychical activity or state; as: (a) Opinion; judgment; belief.
Mind	Choice; inclination; liking; intent; will.
Mind	Courage; spirit.
Mind	Memory; remembrance; recollection; as, to have or keep in mind, to call to mind, to put in mind, etc.
Minded	of Mind
Minding	of Mind
Mind	To fix the mind or thoughts on; to regard with attention; to treat as of consequence; to consider; to heed; to mark; to note.
Mind	To occupy one's self with; to employ one's self about; to attend to; as, to mind one's business.
Mind	To obey; as, to mind parents; the dog minds his master.
Mind	To have in mind; to purpose.
Mind	To put in mind; to remind.
Mind	To give attention or heed; to obey; as, the dog minds well.
Minded	Disposed; inclined; having a mind.
Minder	One who minds, tends, or watches something, as a child, a machine, or cattle; as, a minder of a loom.
Minder	One to be attended; specif., a pauper child intrusted to the care of a private person.
Mindful	Bearing in mind; regardful; attentive; heedful; observant.
Minding	Regard; mindfulness.
Mindless	Not indued with mind or intellectual powers; stupid; unthinking.
Mindless	Unmindful; inattentive; heedless; careless.
Mine	See Mien.
Mine	Belonging to me; my. Used as a pronominal to me; my. Used as a pronominal adjective in the predicate; as, "Vengeance is mine; I will repay." Rom. xii. 19. Also, in the old style, used attributively, instead of my, before a noun beginning with a vowel.
Mine	To dig a mine or pit in the earth; to get ore, metals, coal, or precious stones, out of the earth; to dig in the earth for minerals; to dig a passage or cavity under anything in order to overthrow it by explosives or otherwise.
Mine	To form subterraneous tunnel or hole; to form a burrow or lodge in the earth; as, the mining cony.
Mined	of Mine
Mining	of Mine
Mine	To dig away, or otherwise remove, the substratum or foundation of; to lay a mine under; to sap; to undermine; hence, to ruin or destroy by slow degrees or secret means.
Mine	To dig into, for ore or metal.
Mine	To get, as metals, out of the earth by digging.
Mine	A subterranean cavity or passage
Mine	A pit or excavation in the earth, from which metallic ores, precious stones, coal, or other mineral substances are taken by digging; -- distinguished from the pits from which stones for architectural purposes are taken, and which are called quarries.
Mine	A cavity or tunnel made under a fortification or other work, for the purpose of blowing up the superstructure with some explosive agent.
Mine	Any place where ore, metals, or precious stones are got by digging or washing the soil; as, a placer mine.
Mine	Fig.: A rich source of wealth or other good.
Miner	One who mines; a digger for metals, etc.; one engaged in the business of getting ore, coal, or precious stones, out of the earth; one who digs military mines; as, armies have sappers and miners.
Miner	Any of numerous insects which, in the larval state, excavate galleries in the parenchyma of leaves. They are mostly minute moths and dipterous flies.
Miner	The chattering, or garrulous, honey eater of Australia (Myzantha garrula).
Mineral	An inorganic species or substance occurring in nature, having a definite chemical composition and usually a distinct crystalline form. Rocks, except certain glassy igneous forms, are either simple minerals or aggregates of minerals.
Mineral	A mine.
Mineral	Anything which is neither animal nor vegetable, as in the most general classification of things into three kingdoms (animal, vegetable, and mineral).
Mineral	Of or pertaining to minerals; consisting of a mineral or of minerals; as, a mineral substance.
Mineral	Impregnated with minerals; as, mineral waters.
Mineralist	One versed in minerals; mineralogist.
Mineralization	The process of mineralizing, or forming a mineral by combination of a metal with another element; also, the process of converting into a mineral, as a bone or a plant.
Mineralization	The act of impregnating with a mineral, as water.
Mineralization	The conversion of a cell wall into a material of a stony nature.
Mineralized	of Mineralize
Mineralizing	of Mineralize
Mineralize	To transform into a mineral.
Mineralize	To impregnate with a mineral; as, mineralized water.
Mineralize	To go on an excursion for observing and collecting minerals; to mineralogize.
Mineralizer	An element which is combined with a metal, thus forming an ore. Thus, in galena, or lead ore, sulphur is a mineralizer; in hematite, oxygen is a mineralizer.
Mineralogical	Of or pertaining to mineralogy; as, a mineralogical table.
Mineralogically	According to the principles of, or with reference to, mineralogy.
Mineralogist	One versed in mineralogy; one devoted to the study of minerals.
Mineralogist	A carrier shell (Phorus).
Mineralogize	To study mineralogy by collecting and examining minerals.
Mineralogies	of Mineralogy
Mineralogy	The science which treats of minerals, and teaches how to describe, distinguish, and classify them.
Mineralogy	A treatise or book on this science.
Minerva	The goddess of wisdom, of war, of the arts and sciences, of poetry, and of spinning and weaving; -- identified with the Grecian Pallas Athene.
Minette	The smallest of regular sizes of portrait photographs.
Minever	Same as Miniver.
Minge	To mingle; to mix.
Minge	A small biting fly; a midge.
Mingled	of Mingle
Mingling	of Mingle
Mingle	To mix; intermix; to combine or join, as an individual or part, with other parts, but commonly so as to be distinguishable in the product; to confuse; to confound.
Mingle	To associate or unite in society or by ties of relationship; to cause or allow to intermarry; to intermarry.
Mingle	To deprive of purity by mixture; to contaminate.
Mingle	To put together; to join.
Mingle	To make or prepare by mixing the ingredients of.
Mingle	To become mixed or blended.
Mingle	A mixture.
Mingleable	That can be mingled.
Mingledly	Confusedly.
Mingle-mangle	To mix in a disorderly way; to make a mess of.
Mingle-mangle	A hotchpotch.
Minglement	The act of mingling, or the state of being mixed.
Mingler	One who mingles.
Minglingly	In a mingling manner.
Minaceous	Of the color of minium or red lead; miniate.
Miniard	Migniard.
Miniardize	To render delicate or dainty.
Miniated	of Miniate
Miniating	of Miniate
Miniate	To paint or tinge with red lead or vermilion; also, to decorate with letters, or the like, painted red, as the page of a manuscript.
Miniate	Of or pertaining to the color of red lead or vermilion; painted with vermilion.
Miniature	Originally, a painting in colors such as those in mediaeval manuscripts; in modern times, any very small painting, especially a portrait.
Miniature	Greatly diminished size or form; reduced scale.
Miniature	Lettering in red; rubric distinction.
Miniature	A particular feature or trait.
Miniature	Being on a small; much reduced from the reality; as, a miniature copy.
Miniature	To represent or depict in a small compass, or on a small scale.
Miniaturist	A painter of miniatures.
Minibus	A kind of light passenger vehicle, carrying four persons.
Minie ball	A conical rifle bullet, with a cavity in its base plugged with a piece of iron, which, by the explosion of the charge, is driven farther in, expanding the sides to fit closely the grooves of the barrel.
Minie rifle	A rifle adapted to minie balls.
Minified	of Minify
Minifying	of Minify
Minify	To make small, or smaller; to diminish the apparent dimensions of; to lessen.
Minify	To degrade by speech or action.
Minikin	A little darling; a favorite; a minion.
Minikin	A little pin.
Minikin	Small; diminutive.
Minim	Anything very minute; as, the minims of existence; -- applied to animalcula; and the like.
Minim	The smallest liquid measure, equal to about one drop; the sixtieth part of a fluid drachm.
Minim	A small fish; a minnow.
Minim	A little man or being; a dwarf.
Minim	One of an austere order of mendicant hermits of friars founded in the 15th century by St. Francis of Paola.
Minim	A time note, formerly the shortest in use; a half note, equal to half a semibreve, or two quarter notes or crotchets.
Minim	A short poetical encomium.
Minim	Minute.
Miniment	A trifle; a trinket; a token.
Minimization	The act or process of minimizing.
Minimized	of Minimize
Minimizimg	of Minimize
Minimize	To reduce to the smallest part or proportion possible; to reduce to a minimum.
Minima	of Minimum
Minimum	The least quantity assignable, admissible, or possible, in a given case; hence, a thing of small consequence; -- opposed to maximum.
Minimi	of Minimus
Minimus	A being of the smallest size.
Minimus	The little finger; the fifth digit, or that corresponding to it, in either the manus or pes.
Mining	The act or business of making mines or of working them.
Mining	Of or pertaining to mines; as, mining engineer; mining machinery; a mining region.
Minion	Minimum.
Minion	A loved one; one highly esteemed and favored; -- in a good sense.
Minion	An obsequious or servile dependent or agent of another; a fawning favorite.
Minion	A small kind of type, in size between brevier and nonpareil.
Minion	An ancient form of ordnance, the caliber of which was about three inches.
Minion	Fine; trim; dainty.
Minionette	Small; delicate.
Minionette	A size of type between nonpareil and minion; -- used in ornamental borders, etc.
Minioning	Kind treatment.
Minionize	To flavor.
Minionlike	Alt. of Minionly
Minionly	Like a minion; daintily.
Minionship	State of being a minion.
Minious	Of the color of red or vermilion.
Minish	To diminish; to lessen.
Minishment	The act of diminishing, or the state of being diminished; diminution.
Minister	A servant; a subordinate; an officer or assistant of inferior rank; hence, an agent, an instrument.
Minister	An officer of justice.
Minister	One to whom the sovereign or executive head of a government intrusts the management of affairs of state, or some department of such affairs.
Minister	A representative of a government, sent to the court, or seat of government, of a foreign nation to transact diplomatic business.
Minister	One who serves at the altar; one who performs sacerdotal duties; the pastor of a church duly authorized or licensed to preach the gospel and administer the sacraments.
Ministered	of Minister
Ministering	of Minister
Minister	To furnish or apply; to afford; to supply; to administer.
Minister	To act as a servant, attendant, or agent; to attend and serve; to perform service in any office, sacred or secular.
Minister	To supply or to things needful; esp., to supply consolation or remedies.
Ministerial	Of or pertaining to ministry or service; serving; attendant.
Ministerial	Of or pertaining to the office of a minister or to the ministry as a body, whether civil or sacerdotal.
Ministerial	Tending to advance or promote; contributive.
Ministerialist	A supporter of the ministers, or the party in power.
Ministerially	In a ministerial manner; in the character or capacity of a minister.
Ministery	See Ministry.
Ministracy	Ministration.
Ministral	Ministerial.
Ministrant	Performing service as a minister; attendant on service; acting under command; subordinate.
Ministrant	One who ministers.
Ministration	The act of ministering; service; ministry.
Ministrative	Serving to aid; ministering.
Ministress	A woman who ministers.
Ministry	The act of ministering; ministration; service.
Ministry	Agency; instrumentality.
Ministry	The office, duties, or functions of a minister, servant, or agent; ecclesiastical, executive, or ambassadorial function or profession.
Ministry	The body of ministers of state; also, the clergy, as a body.
Ministry	Administration; rule; term in power; as, the ministry of Pitt.
Ministryship	The office of a minister.
Minium	A heavy, brilliant red pigment, consisting of an oxide of lead, Pb3O4, obtained by exposing lead or massicot to a gentle and continued heat in the air. It is used as a cement, as a paint, and in the manufacture of flint glass. Called also red lead.
Miniver	A fur esteemed in the Middle Ages as a part of costume. It is uncertain whether it was the fur of one animal only or of different animals.
Minivet	A singing bird of India of the family Campephagidae.
Mink	A carnivorous mammal of the genus Putorius, allied to the weasel. The European mink is Putorius lutreola. The common American mink (P. vison) varies from yellowish brown to black.  Its fur is highly valued.  Called also minx, nurik, and vison.
Minnesinger	A love-singer; specifically, one of a class of German poets and musicians who flourished from about the middle of the twelfth to the middle of the fourteenth century. They were chiefly of noble birth, and made love and beauty the subjects of their verses.
Minnow	A small European fresh-water cyprinoid fish (Phoxinus laevis, formerly Leuciscus phoxinus); sometimes applied also to the young of larger kinds; -- called also minim and minny. The name is also applied to several allied American species, of the genera Phoxinus, Notropis, or Minnilus, and Rhinichthys.
Minnow	Any of numerous small American cyprinodont fishes of the genus Fundulus, and related genera. They live both in fresh and in salt water. Called also killifish, minny, and mummichog.
Minny	A minnow.
Mino bird	An Asiatic bird (Gracula musica), allied to the starlings. It is black, with a white spot on the wings, and a pair of flat yellow wattles on the head. It is often tamed and taught to pronounce words.
Minor	Inferior in bulk, degree, importance, etc.; less; smaller; of little account; as, minor divisions of a body.
Minor	Less by a semitone in interval or difference of pitch; as, a minor third.
Minor	A person of either sex who has not attained the age at which full civil rights are accorded; an infant; in England and the United States, one under twenty-one years of age.
Minor	The minor term, that is, the subject of the conclusion; also, the minor premise, that is, that premise which contains the minor term; in hypothetical syllogisms, the categorical premise. It is the second proposition of a regular syllogism, as in the following: Every act of injustice partakes of meanness; to take money from another by gaming is an act of injustice; therefore, the taking of money from another by gaming partakes of meanness.
Minor	A Minorite; a Franciscan friar.
Minorate	To diminish.
Minoration	A diminution.
Minoress	See Franciscan Nuns, under Franciscan, a.
Minorite	A Franciscan friar.
Minorities	of Minority
Minority	The state of being a minor, or under age.
Minority	State of being less or small.
Minority	The smaller number; -- opposed to majority; as, the minority must be ruled by the majority.
Minos	A king and lawgiver of Crete, fabled to be the son of Jupiter and Europa.  After death he was made a judge in the Lower Regions.
Minotaur	A fabled monster, half man and half bull, confined in the labyrinth constructed by Daedalus in Crete.
Minow	See Minnow.
Minster	A church of a monastery.  The name is often retained and applied to the church after the monastery has ceased to exist (as Beverly Minster, Southwell Minster, etc.), and is also improperly used for any large church.
Minstrel	In the Middle Ages, one of an order of men who subsisted by the arts of poetry and music, and sang verses to the accompaniment of a harp or other instrument; in modern times, a poet; a bard; a singer and harper; a musician.
Minstrelsy	The arts and occupation of minstrels; the singing and playing of a minstrel.
Minstrelsy	Musical instruments.
Minstrelsy	A collective body of minstrels, or musicians; also, a collective body of minstrels' songs.
Mint	The name of several aromatic labiate plants, mostly of the genus Mentha, yielding odoriferous essential oils by distillation. See Mentha.
Mint	A place where money is coined by public authority.
Mint	Any place regarded as a source of unlimited supply; the supply itself.
Minted	of Mint
Minting	of Mint
Mint	To make by stamping, as money; to coin; to make and stamp into money.
Mint	To invent; to forge; to fabricate; to fashion.
Mintage	The coin, or other production, made in a mint.
Mintage	The duty paid to the mint for coining.
Minter	One who mints.
Mintmen	of Mintman
Mintman	One skilled in coining, or in coins; a coiner.
Mint-master	The master or superintendent of a mint. Also used figuratively.
Minuend	The number from which another number is to be subtracted.
Minuet	A slow graceful dance consisting of a coupee, a high step, and a balance.
Minuet	A tune or air to regulate the movements of the dance so called; a movement in suites, sonatas, symphonies, etc., having the dance form, and commonly in 3-4, sometimes 3-8, measure.
Minum	A small kind of printing type; minion.
Minum	A minim.
Minus	Less; requiring to be subtracted; negative; as, a minus quantity.
Minuscule	Any very small, minute object.
Minuscule	A small Roman letter which is neither capital nor uncial; a manuscript written in such letters.
Minuscule	Of the size and style of minuscules; written in minuscules.
Minutary	Pertaining to, or consisting of, minutes.
Minute	The sixtieth part of an hour; sixty seconds. (Abbrev. m.; as, 4 h. 30 m.)
Minute	The sixtieth part of a degree; sixty seconds (Marked thus ('); as, 10¡ 20').
Minute	A nautical or a geographic mile.
Minute	A coin; a half farthing.
Minute	A very small part of anything, or anything very small; a jot; a tittle.
Minute	A point of time; a moment.
Minute	The memorandum; a record; a note to preserve the memory of anything; as, to take minutes of a contract; to take minutes of a conversation or debate.
Minute	A fixed part of a module. See Module.
Minute	Of or pertaining to a minute or minutes; occurring at or marking successive minutes.
Minute	To set down a short sketch or note of; to jot down; to make a minute or a brief summary of.
Minute	Very small; little; tiny; fine; slight; slender; inconsiderable.
Minute	Attentive to small things; paying attention to details; critical; particular; precise; as, a minute observer; minute observation.
Minute-jack	A figure which strikes the hour on the bell of some fanciful clocks; -- called also jack of the clock house.
Minute-jack	A timeserver; an inconstant person.
Minutely	In a minute manner; with minuteness; exactly; nicely.
Minutely	Happening every minute; continuing; unceasing.
Minutely	At intervals of a minute; very often and regularly.
Minutemen	of Minuteman
Minuteman	A militiaman who was to be ready to march at a moment's notice; -- a term used in the American Revolution.
Minuteness	The quality of being minute.
Minutiae	of Minutia
Minutia	A minute particular; a small or minor detail; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Minx	A pert or a wanton girl.
Minx	A she puppy; a pet dog.
Minx	The mink; -- called also minx otter.
Miny	Abounding with mines; like a mine.
Miocene	Of or pertaining to the middle division of the Tertiary.
Miocene	The Miocene period. See Chart of Geology.
Miohippus	An extinct Miocene mammal of the Horse family, closely related to the genus Anhithecrium, and having three usable hoofs on each foot.
Miquelet	An irregular or partisan soldier; a bandit.
Mir	A Russian village community.
Mir	Same as Emir.
Mira	A remarkable variable star in the constellation Cetus (/ Ceti).
Mirabilaries	of Mirabilary
Mirabilary	One who, or a work which, narrates wonderful things; one who writes of wonders.
Mirabilis	A genus of plants. See Four-o'clock.
Mirabilite	Native sodium sulphate; Glauber's salt.
Mirable	Wonderful; admirable.
Miracle	A wonder or wonderful thing.
Miracle	Specifically: An event or effect contrary to the established constitution and course of things, or a deviation from the known laws of nature; a supernatural event, or one transcending the ordinary laws by which the universe is governed.
Miracle	A miracle play.
Miracle	A story or legend abounding in miracles.
Miracle	To make wonderful.
Miraculize	To cause to seem to be a miracle.
Miraculous	Of the nature of a miracle; performed by supernatural power; effected by the direct agency of almighty power, and not by natural causes.
Miraculous	Supernatural; wonderful.
Miraculous	Wonder-working.
Mirador	Same as Belvedere.
Mirage	An optical effect, sometimes seen on the ocean, but more frequently in deserts, due to total reflection of light at the surface common to two strata of air differently heated. The reflected image is seen, commonly in an inverted position, while the real object may or may not be in sight. When the surface is horizontal, and below the eye, the appearance is that of a sheet of water in which the object is seen reflected; when the reflecting surface is above the eye, the image is seen projected against the sky. The fata Morgana and looming are species of mirage.
Mirbane	See Nitrobenzene.
Mire	An ant.
Mire	Deep mud; wet, spongy earth.
Mired	of Mire
Miring	of Mire
Mire	To cause or permit to stick fast in mire; to plunge or fix in mud; as, to mire a horse or wagon.
Mire	To soil with mud or foul matter.
Mire	To stick in mire.
Mirific	Alt. of Mirifical
Mirifical	Working wonders; wonderful.
Mirificent	Wonderful.
Miriness	The quality of being miry.
Mirk	Dark; gloomy; murky.
Mirk	Darkness; gloom; murk.
Mirksome	Dark; gloomy; murky.
Mirky	Dark; gloomy. See Murky.
Mirror	A looking-glass or a speculum; any glass or polished substance that forms images by the reflection of rays of light.
Mirror	That which gives a true representation, or in which a true image may be seen; hence, a pattern; an exemplar.
Mirror	See Speculum.
Mirrored	of Mirror
Mirroring	of Mirror
Mirror	To reflect, as in a mirror.
Mirth	Merriment; gayety accompanied with laughter; jollity.
Mirth	That which causes merriment.
Mirthful	Full of mirth or merriment; merry; as, mirthful children.
Mirthful	Indicating or inspiring mirth; as, a mirthful face.
Mirthless	Without mirth.
Miry	Abounding with deep mud; full of mire; muddy; as, a miry road.
Mirza	The common title of honor in Persia, prefixed to the surname of an individual. When appended to the surname, it signifies Prince.
Mis-	A prefix used adjectively and adverbially in the sense of amiss, wrong, ill, wrongly, unsuitably; as, misdeed, mislead, mischief, miscreant.
Mis	Wrong; amiss.
Misacceptation	Wrong acceptation; understanding in a wrong sense.
Misaccompt	To account or reckon wrongly.
Misadjust	To adjust wrongly of unsuitably; to throw of adjustment.
Misadjustment	Wrong adjustment; unsuitable arrangement.
Misadventure	Mischance; misfortune; ill lick; unlucky accident; ill adventure.
Misadventured	Unfortunate.
Misadventurous	Unfortunate.
Misadvertence	Inadvertence.
Misadvice	Bad advice.
Misadvise	To give bad counsel to.
Misadvised	Ill advised.
Misaffect	To dislike.
Misaffected	Ill disposed.
Misaffection	An evil or wrong affection; the state of being ill affected.
Misaffirm	To affirm incorrectly.
Misaimed	Not rightly aimed.
Misallegation	A erroneous statement or allegation.
Misallege	To state erroneously.
Misalliance	A marriage with a person of inferior rank or social station; an improper alliance; a mesalliance.
Misallied	Wrongly allied or associated.
Misallotment	A wrong allotment.
Misalter	To alter wrongly; esp., to alter for the worse.
Misanthrope	A hater of mankind; a misanthropist.
Misanthropic	Alt. of Misanthropical
Misanthropical	Hating or disliking mankind.
Misanthropist	A misanthrope.
Misanthropos	A misanthrope.
Misanthropy	Hatred of, or dislike to, mankind; -- opposed to philanthropy.
Misapplication	A wrong application.
Misapplied	of Misapply
Misapplying	of Misapply
Misapply	To apply wrongly; to use for a wrong purpose; as, to misapply a name or title; to misapply public money.
Misappreciated	Improperly appreciated.
Misapprehend	To take in a wrong sense; to misunderstand.
Misapprehension	A mistaking or mistake; wrong apprehension of one's meaning of a fact; misconception; misunderstanding.
Misapprehensively	By, or with, misapprehension.
Misappropriate	To appropriate wrongly; to use for a wrong purpose.
Misappropriation	Wrong appropriation; wrongful use.
Misarranged	of Misarrange
Misarranging	of Misarrange
Misarrange	To place in a wrong order, or improper manner.
Misarrangement	Wrong arrangement.
Misarcribe	To ascribe wrongly.
Misassay	To assay, or attempt, improperly or unsuccessfully.
Misassign	To assign wrongly.
Misattend	To misunderstand; to disregard.
Misaventure	Misadventure.
Misavize	To misadvise.
Misbear	To carry improperly; to carry (one's self) wrongly; to misbehave.
Misbecome	Not to become; to suit ill; not to befit or be adapted to.
Misbecoming	Unbecoming.
Misbode	of Misbede
Misboden	of Misbede
Misbede	To wrong; to do injury to.
Misbefitting	No befitting.
Misbegot	Alt. of Misbegotten
Misbegotten	Unlawfully or irregularly begotten; of bad origin; pernicious.
Misbehaved	of Misbehave
Misbehaving	of Misbehave
Misbehave	To behave ill; to conduct one's self improperly; -- often used with a reciprocal pronoun.
Misbehaved	Guilty of ill behavior; illbred; rude.
Misbehavior	Improper, rude, or uncivil behavior; ill conduct.
Misbelief	Erroneous or false belief.
Misbelieve	To believe erroneously, or in a false religion.
Misbeliever	One who believes wrongly; one who holds a false religion.
Misbeseem	To suit ill.
Misbestow	To bestow improperly.
Misbestowal	The act of misbestowing.
Misbileve	Misbelief; unbelief; suspicion.
Misbode	imp. of Misbede.
Misboden	p. p. of Misbede.
Misborn	Born to misfortune.
Miscalculate	To calculate erroneously; to judge wrongly.
Miscall	To call by a wrong name; to name improperly.
Miscall	To call by a bad name; to abuse.
Miscarriage	Unfortunate event or issue of an undertaking; failure to attain a desired result or reach a destination.
Miscarriage	Ill conduct; evil or improper behavior; as, the failings and miscarriages of the righteous.
Miscarriage	The act of bringing forth before the time; premature birth.
Miscarriageable	Capable of miscarrying; liable to fail.
Miscarried	of Miscarry
Miscarrying	of Miscarry
Miscarry	To carry, or go, wrong; to fail of reaching a destination, or fail of the intended effect; to be unsuccessful; to suffer defeat.
Miscarry	To bring forth young before the proper time.
Miscast	To cast or reckon wrongly.
Miscast	An erroneous cast or reckoning.
Miscegenation	A mixing of races; amalgamation, as by intermarriage of black and white.
Miscellanarian	Of or pertaining to miscellanies.
Miscellanarian	A writer of miscellanies.
Miscellane	A mixture of two or more sorts of grain; -- now called maslin and meslin.
Miscellanea	A collection of miscellaneous matters; matters of various kinds.
Miscellaneous	Mixed; mingled; consisting of several things; of diverse sorts; promiscuous; heterogeneous; as, a miscellaneous collection.
Miscellanist	A writer of miscellanies; miscellanarian.
Miscellanies	of Miscellany
Miscellany	A mass or mixture of various things; a medley; esp., a collection of compositions on various subjects.
Miscellany	Miscellaneous; heterogeneous.
Miscensure	To misjudge.
Miscensure	Erroneous judgment.
Mischance	Ill luck; ill fortune; mishap.
Mischance	To happen by mischance.
Mischanceful	Unlucky.
Mischaracterize	To characterize falsely or erroneously; to give a wrong character to.
Mischarge	To charge erroneously, as in account.
Mischarge	A mistake in charging.
Mischief	Harm; damage; esp., disarrangement of order; trouble or vexation caused by human agency or by some living being, intentionally or not; often, calamity, mishap; trivial evil caused by thoughtlessness, or in sport.
Mischief	Cause of trouble or vexation; trouble.
Mischief	To do harm to.
Mischiefable	Mischievous.
Mischiefful	Mischievous.
Mischief-maker	One who makes mischief; one who excites or instigates quarrels or enmity.
Mischief-making	Causing harm; exciting enmity or quarrels.
Mischief-making	The act or practice of making mischief, inciting quarrels, etc.
Mischievous	Causing mischief; harmful; hurtful; -- now often applied where the evil is done carelessly or in sport; as, a mischievous child.
Mischna	See Mishna.
Mischnic	See Mishnic.
Mischose	of Mischoose
Mischosen	of Mischoose
Mischoosing	of Mischoose
Mischoose	To choose wrongly.
Mischoose	To make a wrong choice.
Mischristen	To christen wrongly.
Miscibility	Capability of being mixed.
Miscible	Capable of being mixed; mixable; as, water and alcohol are miscible in all proportions.
Miscitation	Erroneous citation.
Miscite	To cite erroneously.
Misclaim	A mistaken claim.
Miscognizant	Not cognizant; ignorant; not knowing.
Miscognize	To fail to apprehend; to misunderstand.
Miscollocation	Wrong collocation.
Miscolor	To give a wrong color to; figuratively, to set forth erroneously or unfairly; as, to miscolor facts.
Miscomfort	Discomfort.
Miscomprehend	To get a wrong idea of or about; to misunderstand.
Miscomputation	Erroneous computation; false reckoning.
Miscompute	To compute erroneously.
Misconceit	Misconception.
Misconceived	of Misconceive
Misconceiving	of Misconceive
Misconceive	To conceive wrongly; to interpret incorrectly; to receive a false notion of; to misjudge; to misapprehend.
Misconceiver	One who misconceives.
Misconception	Erroneous conception; false opinion; wrong understanding.
Misconclusion	An erroneous inference or conclusion.
Misconduct	Wrong conduct; bad behavior; mismanagement.
Misconduct	To conduct amiss; to mismanage.
Misconduct	To behave amiss.
Misconfident	Having a mistaken confidence; wrongly trusting.
Misconjecture	A wrong conjecture or guess.
Misconjecture	To conjecture wrongly.
Misconsecrate	To consecrate amiss.
Misconsecration	Wrong consecration.
Misconsequence	A wrong consequence; a false deduction.
Misconstruable	Such as can be misconstrued, as language or conduct.
Misconstruct	To construct wrongly; to construe or interpret erroneously.
Misconstruction	Erroneous construction; wrong interpretation.
Misconstrued	of Misconstrue
Misconstruing	of Misconstrue
Misconstrue	To construe wrongly; to interpret erroneously.
Misconstruer	One who misconstrues.
Miscontent	Discontent.
Miscontinuance	Discontinuance; also, continuance by undue process.
Miscopy	To copy amiss.
Miscopy	A mistake in copying.
Miscorrect	To fail or err in attempting to correct.
Miscounsel	To counsel or advise wrongly.
Miscount	To count erroneously.
Miscount	An erroneous counting.
Miscovet	To covet wrongfully.
Miscreance	Alt. of Miscreancy
Miscreancy	The quality of being miscreant; adherence to a false religion; false faith.
Miscreant	One who holds a false religious faith; a misbeliever.
Miscreant	One not restrained by Christian principles; an unscrupulous villain; a while wretch.
Miscreant	Holding a false religious faith.
Miscreant	Destitute of conscience; unscrupulous.
Miscreate	Miscreated; illegitimate; forged; as, miscreate titles.
Miscreate	To create badly or amiss.
Miscreated	Formed unnaturally or illegitimately; deformed.
Miscreative	Creating amiss.
Miscredent	A miscreant, or believer in a false religious doctrine.
Miscredulity	Wrong credulity or belief; misbelief.
Miscue	A false stroke with a billiard cue, the cue slipping from the ball struck without impelling it as desired.
Misdated	of Misdate
Misdating	of Misdate
Misdate	To date erroneously.
Misdealt	of Misdeal
Misdealing	of Misdeal
Misdeal	To deal or distribute wrongly, as cards; to make a wrong distribution.
Misdeal	The act of misdealing; a wrong distribution of cards to the players.
Misdeed	An evil deed; a wicked action.
Misdeem	To misjudge.
Misdemean	To behave ill; -- with a reflexive pronoun; as, to misdemean one's self.
Misdemeanant	One guilty of a misdemeanor.
Misdemeanor	Ill behavior; evil conduct; fault.
Misdemeanor	A crime less than a felony.
Misdempt	p. p. of Misdeem.
Misdepart	To distribute wrongly.
Misderive	To turn or divert improperly; to misdirect.
Misderive	To derive erroneously.
Misdescribe	To describe wrongly.
Misdesert	Ill desert.
Misdevotion	Mistaken devotion.
Misdiet	Improper.
Misdiet	To diet improperly.
Misdight	Arrayed, prepared, or furnished, unsuitably.
Misdirect	To give a wrong direction to; as, to misdirect a passenger, or a letter; to misdirect one's energies.
Misdirection	The act of directing wrongly, or the state of being so directed.
Misdirection	An error of a judge in charging the jury on a matter of law.
Misdisposition	Erroneous disposal or application.
Misdistinguish	To make wrong distinctions in or concerning.
Misdivide	To divide wrongly.
Misdivision	Wrong division.
Misdid	of Misdo
Misdone	of Misdo
Misdoing	of Misdo
Misdo	To do wrongly.
Misdo	To do wrong to; to illtreat.
Misdo	To do wrong; to commit a fault.
Misdoer	A wrongdoer.
Misdoing	A wrong done; a fault or crime; an offense; as, it was my misdoing.
Misdoubt	To be suspicious of; to have suspicion.
Misdoubt	Suspicion.
Misdoubt	Irresolution; hesitation.
Misdoubtful	Misgiving; hesitating.
Misdread	Dread of evil.
Mise	The issue in a writ of right.
Mise	Expense; cost; disbursement.
Mise	A tax or tallage; in Wales, an honorary gift of the people to a new king or prince of Wales; also, a tribute paid, in the country palatine of Chester, England, at the change of the owner of the earldom.
Misease	Want of ease; discomfort; misery.
Miseased	Having discomfort or misery; troubled.
Miseasy	Not easy; painful.
Misedition	An incorrect or spurious edition.
Miseducate	To educate in a wrong manner.
Misemploy	To employ amiss; as, to misemploy time, advantages, talents, etc.
Misemployment	Wrong or mistaken employment.
Misenter	To enter or insert wrongly, as a charge in an account.
Misentreat	To treat wrongfully.
Misentry	An erroneous entry or charge, as of an account.
Miser	A wretched person; a person afflicted by any great misfortune.
Miser	A despicable person; a wretch.
Miser	A covetous, grasping, mean person; esp., one having wealth, who lives miserably for the sake of saving and increasing his hoard.
Miser	A kind of large earth auger.
Miserable	Very unhappy; wretched.
Miserable	Causing unhappiness or misery.
Miserable	Worthless; mean; despicable; as, a miserable fellow; a miserable dinner.
Miserable	Avaricious; niggardly; miserly.
Miserable	A miserable person.
Miserableness	The state or quality of being miserable.
Miserably	In a miserable; unhappily; calamitously; wretchedly; meanly.
Miseration	Commiseration.
Miserere	The psalm usually appointed for penitential acts, being the 50th psalm in the Latin version. It commences with the word miserere.
Miserere	A musical composition adapted to the 50th psalm.
Miserere	A small projecting boss or bracket, on the under side of the hinged seat of a church stall (see Stall). It was intended, the seat being turned up, to give some support to a worshiper when standing. Called also misericordia.
Miserere	Same as Ileus.
Misericorde	Compassion; pity; mercy.
Misericorde	Same as Misericordia, 2.
Misericordia	An amercement.
Misericordia	A thin-bladed dagger; so called, in the Middle Ages, because used to give the death wound or "mercy" stroke to a fallen adversary.
Misericordia	An indulgence as to food or dress granted to a member of a religious order.
Miserly	Like a miser; very covetous; sordid; niggardly.
Miseries	of Misery
Misery	Great unhappiness; extreme pain of body or mind; wretchedness; distress; woe.
Misery	Cause of misery; calamity; misfortune.
Misery	Covetousness; niggardliness; avarice.
Misesteem	Want of esteem; disrespect.
Misestimate	To estimate erroneously.
Misexplanation	An erroneous explanation.
Misexplication	Wrong explication.
Misexposition	Wrong exposition.
Misexpound	To expound erroneously.
Misexpression	Wrong expression.
Misfaith	Want of faith; distrust.
Misfell	of Misfall
Misfallen	of Misfall
Misfalling	of Misfall
Misfall	To befall, as ill luck; to happen to unluckily.
Misfare	To fare ill.
Misfare	Misfortune.
Misfashion	To form wrongly.
Misfeasance	A trespass; a wrong done; the improper doing of an act which a person might lawfully do.
Misfeature	Ill feature.
Misfeeling	Insensate.
Misfeign	To feign with an evil design.
Misfit	The act or the state of fitting badly; as, a misfit in making a coat; a ludicrous misfit.
Misfit	Something that fits badly, as a garment.
Misformed	of Misform
Misforming	of Misform
Misform	To make in an ill form.
Misformation	Malformation.
Misfortunate	Producing misfortune.
Misfortune	Bad fortune or luck; calamity; an evil accident; disaster; mishap; mischance.
Misfortune	To happen unluckily or unfortunately; to miscarry; to fail.
Misfortuned	Unfortunate.
Misframe	To frame wrongly.
Misget	To get wrongfully.
Misgie	See Misgye.
Misgave	of Misgive
Misgiven	of Misgive
Misgiving	of Misgive
Misgive	To give or grant amiss.
Misgive	Specifically: To give doubt and apprehension to, instead of confidence and courage; to impart fear to; to make irresolute; -- usually said of the mind or heart, and followed by the objective personal pronoun.
Misgive	To suspect; to dread.
Misgive	To give out doubt and apprehension; to be fearful or irresolute.
Misgiving	Evil premonition; doubt; distrust.
Migo	To go astray.
Misgotten	Unjustly gotten.
Misgovern	To govern ill; as, to misgovern a country.
Misgovernance	Misgovernment; misconduct; misbehavior.
Misgoverned	Ill governed, as a people; ill directed.
Misgovernment	Bad government; want of government.
Misgracious	Not gracious.
Misgraff	To misgraft.
Misgraft	To graft wrongly.
Misground	To found erroneously.
Misgrowth	Bad growth; an unnatural or abnormal growth.
Misguess	To guess wrongly.
Misguidance	Wrong guidance.
Misguide	To guide wrongly; to lead astray; as, to misguide the understanding.
Misguide	Misguidance; error.
Misguiding	Misleading.
Misgye	To misguide.
Mishandle	To handle ill or wrongly; to maltreat.
Mishap	Evil accident; ill luck; misfortune; mischance.
Mishap	To happen unluckily; -- used impersonally.
Mishappen	To happen ill or unluckily.
Mishappy	Unhappy.
Mishcup	The scup.
Mishear	To hear incorrectly.
Mishmash	A hotchpotch.
Mishna	A collection or digest of Jewish traditions and explanations of Scripture, forming the text of the Talmud.
Mishnic	Of or pertaining to the Mishna.
Misimagination	Wrong imagination; delusion.
Misimprove	To use for a bad purpose; to abuse; to misuse; as, to misimprove time, talents, advantages, etc.
Misimprovement	Ill use or employment; use for a bad purpose.
Misincline	To cause to have a wrong inclination or tendency; to affect wrongly.
Misinfer	To infer incorrectly.
Misinform	To give untrue information to; to inform wrongly.
Misinform	To give untrue information; (with against) to calumniate.
Misinformant	A misinformer.
Misinformation	Untrue or incorrect information.
Misinformer	One who gives or incorrect information.
Misinstruct	To instruct amiss.
Misinstruction	Wrong or improper instruction.
Misintelligence	Wrong information; misinformation.
Misintelligence	Disagreement; misunderstanding.
Misintend	To aim amiss.
Misinterpret	To interpret erroneously; to understand or to explain in a wrong sense.
Misinterpretable	Capable of being misinterpreted; liable to be misunderstood.
Misinterpretation	The act of interpreting erroneously; a mistaken interpretation.
Misinterpreter	One who interprets erroneously.
Misjoin	To join unfitly or improperly.
Misjoinder	An incorrect union of parties or of causes of action in a procedure, criminal or civil.
Misjudge	To judge erroneously or unjustly; to err in judgment; to misconstrue.
Misjudgment	A wrong or unjust judgment.
Miskeep	To keep wrongly.
Misken	Not to know.
Miskin	A little bagpipe.
Miskindle	To kindle amiss; to inflame to a bad purpose; to excite wrongly.
Misknow	To have a mistaken notion of or about.
Mislactation	Defective flow or vitiated condition of the milk.
Mislaid	of Mislay
Mislaying	of Mislay
Mislay	To lay in a wrong place; to ascribe to a wrong source.
Mislay	To lay in a place not recollected; to lose.
Mislayer	One who mislays.
Misled	of Misle
Misling	of Misle
Misle	To rain in very fine drops, like a thick mist; to mizzle.
Misle	A fine rain; a thick mist; mizzle.
Misled	of Mislead
Misleading	of Mislead
Mislead	To lead into a wrong way or path; to lead astray; to guide into error; to cause to mistake; to deceive.
Misleader	One who leads into error.
Misleading	Leading astray; delusive.
Mislearn	To learn wrongly.
Misled	imp. & p. p. of Mislead.
Milen	See Maslin.
Misletoe	See Mistletoe.
Mislight	To deceive or lead astray with a false light.
Misliked	of Mislike
Misliking	of Mislike
Mislike	To dislike; to disapprove of; to have aversion to; as, to mislike a man.
Mislike	Dislike; disapprobation; aversion.
Misliker	One who dislikes.
Misliking	Dislike; aversion.
Mislin	See Maslin.
Mislive	To live amiss.
Mislodge	To lodge amiss.
Misluck	Ill luck; misfortune.
Misly	Raining in very small drops.
Mistake	To make or form amiss; to spoil in making.
Mismanage	To manage ill or improperly; as, to mismanage public affairs.
Mismanagement	Wrong or bad management; as, he failed through mismagement.
Mismanager	One who manages ill.
Mismark	To mark wrongly.
Mismatch	To match unsuitably.
Mismate	To mate wrongly or unsuitably; as, to mismate gloves or shoes; a mismated couple.
Mismeasure	To measure or estimate incorrectly.
Mismeasurement	Wrong measurement.
Mismeter	To give the wrong meter to, as to a line of verse.
Misname	To call by the wrong name; to give a wrong or inappropriate name to.
Misnomer	The misnaming of a person in a legal instrument, as in a complaint or indictment; any misnaming of a person or thing; a wrong or inapplicable name or title.
Misnomer	To misname.
Misnumber	To number wrongly.
Misnurture	To nurture or train wrongly; as, to misnurture children.
Misobedience	Mistaken obedience; disobedience.
Misobserve	To observe inaccurately; to mistake in observing.
Misobserver	One who misobserves; one who fails to observe properly.
Misogamist	A hater of marriage.
Misogamy	Hatre/ of marriage.
Misogynist	A woman hater.
Misogynous	Hating women.
Misogyny	Hatred of women.
Misology	Hatred of argument or discussion; hatred of enlightenment.
Misopinion	Wrong opinion.
Misorder	To order ill; to manage erroneously; to conduct badly.
Misorder	Irregularity; disorder.
Misorderly	Irregular; disorderly.
Misordination	Wrong ordination.
Misotheism	Hatred of God.
Mispaint	To paint ill, or wrongly.
Mispassion	Wrong passion or feeling.
Mispay	To dissatisfy.
Mispell	Alt. of Mispend
Mispend	See Misspell, Misspend, etc.
Mispense	See Misspense.
Misperception	Erroneous perception.
Mispersuade	To persuade amiss.
Mispersuasion	A false persuasion; wrong notion or opinion.
Mispickel	Arsenical iron pyrites; arsenopyrite.
Misplaced	of Misplace
Misplacing	of Misplace
Misplace	To put in a wrong place; to set or place on an improper or unworthy object; as, he misplaced his confidence.
Misplacement	The act of misplacing, or the state of being misplaced.
Misplead	To err in pleading.
Mispleading	An error in pleading.
Mispoint	To point improperly; to punctuate wrongly.
Mispolicy	Wrong policy; impolicy.
Mispractice	Wrong practice.
Mispraise	To praise amiss.
Misprint	To print wrong.
Misprint	A mistake in printing; a deviation from the copy; as, a book full of misprints.
Misprise	See Misprize.
Misprise	To mistake.
Misprision	The act of misprising; misapprehension; misconception; mistake.
Misprision	Neglect; undervaluing; contempt.
Misprision	A neglect, negligence, or contempt.
Misprize	To slight or undervalue.
Misproceeding	Wrong or irregular proceding.
Misprofess	To make a false profession; to make pretensions to skill which is not possessed.
Misprofess	To make a false profession of.
Mispronounced	of Mispronounce
Mispronouncing	of Mispronounce
Mispronounce	To pronounce incorrectly.
Mispronunciation	Wrong or improper pronunciation.
Misproportion	To give wrong proportions to; to join without due proportion.
Misproud	Viciously proud.
Mispunctuate	To punctuate wrongly or incorrectly.
Misquotation	Erroneous or inaccurate quotation.
Misquote	To quote erroneously or incorrectly.
Misraise	To raise or exite unreasonable.
Misrate	To rate erroneously.
Misread	of Misread
Misreading	of Misread
Misread	To read amiss; to misunderstand in reading.
Misreceive	To receive wrongly.
Misrecital	An inaccurate recital.
Misrecite	To recite erroneously.
Misreckon	To reckon wrongly; to miscalculate.
Misreckoning	An erroneous computation.
Misrecollect	To have an erroneous remembrance of; to suppose erroneously that one recollects.
Misrecollection	Erroneous or inaccurate recollection.
Misreform	To reform wrongly or imperfectly.
Misregard	Wrong understanding; misconstruction.
Misregulate	To regulate wrongly or imperfectly; to fail to regulate.
Misrehearse	To rehearse or quote incorrectly.
Misrelate	To relate inaccurately.
Misrelation	Erroneous relation or narration.
Misreligion	False religion.
Misremember	To mistake in remembering; not to remember correctly.
Misrender	To render wrongly; to translate or recite wrongly.
Misrepeat	To repeat wrongly; to give a wrong version of.
Misreport	To report erroneously; to give an incorrect account of.
Misreport	An erroneous report; a false or incorrect account given.
Misrepresent	To represent incorrectly (almost always, unfacorably); to give a false erroneous representation of, either maliciously, ignirantly, or carelessly.
Misrepresent	To make an incorrect or untrue representation.
Misrepresentation	Untrue representation; false or incorrect statement or account; -- usually unfavorable to the thing represented; as, a misrepresentation of a person's motives.
Misrepresentative	Tending to convey a wrong impression; misrepresenting.
Misrepresenter	One who misrepresents.
Misrepute	To have in wrong estimation; to repute or estimate erroneously.
Misrule	To rule badly; to misgovern.
Misrule	The act, or the result, of misruling.
Misrule	Disorder; confusion; tumult from insubordination.
Misruly	Unruly.
Misses	of Miss
Miss	A title of courtesy prefixed to the name of a girl or a woman who has not been married. See Mistress, 5.
Miss	A young unmarried woman or a girl; as, she is a miss of sixteen.
Miss	A kept mistress. See Mistress, 4.
Miss	In the game of three-card loo, an extra hand, dealt on the table, which may be substituted for the hand dealt to a player.
Missed	of Miss
Missing	of Miss
Miss	To fail of hitting, reaching, getting, finding, seeing, hearing, etc.; as, to miss the mark one shoots at; to miss the train by being late; to miss opportunites of getting knowledge; to miss the point or meaning of something said.
Miss	To omit; to fail to have or to do; to get without; to dispense with; -- now seldom applied to persons.
Miss	To discover the absence or omission of; to feel the want of; to mourn the loss of; to want.
Miss	To fail to hit; to fly wide; to deviate from the true direction.
Miss	To fail to obtain, learn, or find; -- with of.
Miss	To go wrong; to err.
Miss	To be absent, deficient, or wanting.
Miss	The act of missing; failure to hit, reach, find, obtain, etc.
Miss	Loss; want; felt absence.
Miss	Mistake; error; fault.
Miss	Harm from mistake.
Missae	of Missa
Missa	The service or sacrifice of the Mass.
Missal	The book containing the service of the Mass for the entire year; a Mass book.
Missal	Of or pertaining to the Mass, or to a missal or Mass book.
Missay	To say wrongly.
Missay	To speak evil of; to slander.
Missay	To speak ill.
Misseek	To seek for wrongly.
Misseem	To make a false appearance.
Misseem	To misbecome; to be misbecoming.
Missel	Mistletoe.
Misseldine	The mistletoe.
Misseltoe	See Mistletoe.
Missemblance	False resemblance or semblance.
Missend	To send amiss or incorrectly.
Misserve	To serve unfaithfully.
Misset	To set pr place wrongly.
Misshape	To shape ill; to give an ill or unnatural from to; to deform.
Misshapen	Having a bad or ugly form.
Missheathed	Sheathed by mistake; wrongly sheathed; sheathed in a wrong place.
Missificate	To perform Mass.
Missile	Capable of being thrown; adapted for hurling or to be projected from the hand, or from any instrument or rngine, so as to strike an object at a distance.
Missile	A weapon thrown or projected or intended to be projcted, as a lance, an arrow, or a bullet.
Missing	Absent from the place where it was expected to be found; lost; wanting; not present when called or looked for.
Missingly	With a sense of loss.
Mission	The act of sending, or the state of being sent; a being sent or delegated by authority, with certain powers for transacting business; comission.
Mission	That with which a messenger or agent is charged; an errand; business or duty on which one is sent; a commission.
Mission	Persons sent; any number of persons appointed to perform any service; a delegation; an embassy.
Mission	An assotiation or organization of missionaries; a station or residence of missionaries.
Mission	An organization for worship and work, dependent on one or more churches.
Mission	A course of extraordinary sermons and services at a particular place and time for the special purpose of quickening the faith and zeal participants, and of converting unbelievers.
Mission	Dismission; discharge from service.
Mission	To send on a mission.
Missionaries	of Missionary
Missionary	One who is sent on a mission; especially, one sent to propagate religion.
Missionary	Of or pertaining to missions; as, a missionary meeting; a missionary fund.
Missioner	A missionary; an envoy; one who conducts a mission. See Mission, n., 6.
Missis	A mistress; a wife; -- so used by the illiterate.
Missish	Like a miss; prim; affected; sentimental.
Missit	To sit badly or imperfectly upon; to misbecome.
Missive	Specially sent; intended or prepared to be sent; as, a letter missive.
Missive	Missile.
Missive	That which is sent; a writing containing a message.
Missive	One who is sent; a messenger.
Missound	To sound wrongly; to utter or pronounce incorrectly.
Misspeak	To err in speaking.
Misspeak	To utter wrongly.
Misspeech	Wrong speech.
Misspelled	of Misspell
Misspelt	of Misspell
Misspelling	of Misspell
Misspell	To spell incorrectly.
Misspelling	A wrong spelling.
Misspent	of Misspend
Misspending	of Misspend
Misspend	To spend amiss or for wrong purposes; to aquander; to waste; as, to misspend time or money.
Misspender	One who misspends.
misspense	A spending improperly; a wasting.
Misspent	imp. & p. p. of Misspend.
Misstate	To state wrongly; as, to misstate a question in debate.
Misstatement	An incorrect statement.
Misstayed	Having missed stays; -- said of a ship.
Misstep	A wrong step; an error of conduct.
Misstep	To take a wrong step; to go astray.
Missuccess	Failure.
Missuggestion	Wrong or evil suggestion.
Missummation	Wrong summation.
Misswear	To swear falsely.
Missy	See Misy.
Missy	An affectionate, or contemptuous, form of miss; a young girl; a miss.
Missy	Like a miss, or girl.
Mist	Visible watery vapor suspended in the atmosphere, at or near the surface of the earth; fog.
Mist	Coarse, watery vapor, floating or falling in visible particles, approaching the form of rain; as, Scotch mist.
Mist	Hence, anything which dims or darkens, and obscures or intercepts vision.
Misted	of Mist
Misting	of Mist
Mist	To cloud; to cover with mist; to dim.
Mist	To rain in very fine drops; as, it mists.
Mistakable	Liable to be mistaken; capable of being misconceived.
Mistook	of Mistake
Mistaken	of Mistake
Mistaking	of Mistake
Mistake	To take or choose wrongly.
Mistake	To take in a wrong sense; to misunderstand misapprehend, or misconceive; as, to mistake a remark; to mistake one's meaning.
Mistake	To substitute in thought or perception; as, to mistake one person for another.
Mistake	To have a wrong idea of in respect of character, qualities, etc.; to misjudge.
Mistake	To err in knowledge, perception, opinion, or judgment; to commit an unintentional error.
Mistake	An apprehending wrongly; a misconception; a misunderstanding; a fault in opinion or judgment; an unintentional error of conduct.
Mistake	Misconception, error, which when non-negligent may be ground for rescinding a contract, or for refusing to perform it.
Mistaken	Being in error; judging wrongly; having a wrong opinion or a misconception; as, a mistaken man; he is mistaken.
Mistaken	Erroneous; wrong; as, a mistaken notion.
Mistakenly	By mistake.
Mistakenness	Erroneousness.
Mistaker	One who mistakes.
Mistaking	An error; a mistake.
Mistakingly	Erroneously.
Mistaught	Wrongly taught; as, a mistaught youth.
Mistaught	of Misteach
Misteaching	of Misteach
Misteach	To teach wrongly; to instruct erroneously.
Mistold	of Mistell
Mistelling	of Mistell
Mistell	To tell erroneously.
Mistemper	To temper ill; to disorder; as, to mistemper one's head.
Mister	A title of courtesy prefixed to the name of a man or youth. It is usually written in the abbreviated form Mr.
Mister	To address or mention by the title Mr.; as, he mistered me in a formal way.
Mister	A trade, art, or occupation.
Mister	Manner; kind; sort.
Mister	Need; necessity.
Mister	To be needful or of use.
Misterm	To call by a wrong name; to miscall.
Mistery	See Mystery, a trade.
Mistful	Clouded with, or as with, mist.
Misthink	To think wrongly.
Misthink	To have erroneous thoughts or judgment of; to think ill of.
Misthought	Erroneous thought; mistaken opinion; error.
Misthrive	To thrive poorly; to be not thrifty or prosperous.
Misthrow	To throw wrongly.
Mistic	Alt. of Mistico
Mistico	A kind of small sailing vessel used in the Mediterranean. It is rigged partly like a xebec, and partly like a felucca.
Mistide	To happen or come to pass unfortunately; also, to suffer evil fortune.
Mistigris	Alt. of Mistigri
Mistigri	A variety of the game of poker in which the joker is used, and called mistigris or mistigri.
Mistihead	Mistiness.
Mistily	With mist; darkly; obscurely.
Mistime	To time wrongly; not to adapt to the time.
Mistiness	State of being misty.
Mistion	Mixture.
Mistitle	To call by a wrong title.
Mistle	To fall in very fine drops, as rain.
Mistletoe	A parasitic evergreen plant of Europe (Viscum album), bearing a glutinous fruit. When found upon the oak, where it is rare, it was an object of superstitious regard among the Druids. A bird lime is prepared from its fruit.
Mistonusk	The American badger.
Mistook	imp. & obs. p. p. of Mistake.
Mistradition	A wrong tradition.
Mistrain	To train amiss.
Mistral	A violent and cold northwest wind experienced in the Mediterranean provinces of France, etc.
Mistranslate	To translate erroneously.
Mistranslation	Wrong translation.
Mistransport	To carry away or mislead wrongfully, as by passion.
Mistreading	Misstep; misbehavior.
Mistreat	To treat amiss; to abuse.
Mistreatment	Wrong treatment.
Mistress	A woman having power, authority, or ownership; a woman who exercises authority, is chief, etc.; the female head of a family, a school, etc.
Mistress	A woman well skilled in anything, or having the mastery over it.
Mistress	A woman regarded with love and devotion; she who has command over one's heart; a beloved object; a sweetheart.
Mistress	A woman filling the place, but without the rights, of a wife; a concubine; a loose woman with whom one consorts habitually.
Mistress	A title of courtesy formerly prefixed to the name of a woman, married or unmarried, but now superseded by the contracted forms, Mrs., for a married, and Miss, for an unmarried, woman.
Mistress	A married woman; a wife.
Mistress	The old name of the jack at bowls.
Mistress	To wait upon a mistress; to be courting.
Mistressship	Female rule or dominion.
Mistressship	Ladyship, a style of address; -- with the personal pronoun.
Mistrial	A false or erroneous trial; a trial which has no result.
Mistrist	To mistrust.
Mistrow	To think wrongly.
Mistrust	Want of confidence or trust; suspicion; distrust.
Mistrust	To regard with jealousy or suspicion; to suspect; to doubt the integrity of; to distrust.
Mistrust	To forebode as near, or likely to occur; to surmise.
Mistruster	One who mistrusts.
Mistrustful	Having or causing mistrust, suspicions, or forebodings.
Mistrustingly	With distrust or suspicion.
Mistrustless	Having no mistrust or suspicion.
Mistune	To tune wrongly.
Mistura	A mingled compound in which different ingredients are contained in a liquid state; a mixture. See Mixture, n., 4.
Mistura	Sometimes, a liquid medicine containing very active substances, and which can only be administered by drops.
Misturn	To turn amiss; to pervert.
Mistutor	To instruct amiss.
Misty	Accompained with mist; characterized by the presence of mist; obscured by, or overspread with, mist; as, misty weather; misty mountains; a misty atmosphere.
Misty	Obscured as if by mist; dim; obscure; clouded; as, misty sight.
Misunderstood	of Misunderstand
Misunderstanding	of Misunderstand
Misunderstand	To misconceive; to mistake; to miscomprehend; to take in a wrong sense.
Misunderstander	One who misunderstands.
Misunderstanding	Mistake of the meaning; error; misconception.
Misunderstanding	Disagreement; difference of opinion; dissension; quarrel.
Misurato	Measured; -- a direction to perform a passage in strict or measured time.
Misusage	Bad treatment; abuse.
Misuse	To treat or use improperly; to use to a bad purpose; to misapply; as, to misuse one's talents.
Misuse	To abuse; to treat ill.
Misuse	Wrong use; misapplication; erroneous or improper use.
Misuse	Violence, or its effects.
Misusement	Misuse.
Misuser	One who misuses.
Misuser	Unlawful use of a right; use in excess of, or varying from, one's right.
Misvalue	To value wrongly or too little; to undervalue.
Misvouch	To vouch falsely.
Miswander	To wander in a wrong path; to stray; to go astray.
Misway	A wrong way.
Miswear	To wear ill.
Miswed	To wed improperly.
Misween	To ween amiss; to misjudge; to distrust; to be mistaken.
Miswend	To go wrong; to go astray.
Misword	To word wrongly; as, to misword a message, or a sentence.
Misword	A word wrongly spoken; a cross word.
Misworship	Wrong or false worship; mistaken practices in religion.
Misworship	To worship wrongly.
Misworshiper	One who worships wrongly.
Miswrite	To write incorrectly.
Miswrought	Badly wrought.
Misy	An impure yellow sulphate of iron; yellow copperas or copiapite.
Misyoke	To yoke improperly.
Miszealous	Mistakenly zealous.
Mite	A minute arachnid, of the order Acarina, of which there are many species; as, the cheese mite, sugar mite, harvest mite, etc. See Acarina.
Mite	A small coin formerly circulated in England, rated at about a third of a farthing. The name is also applied to a small coin used in Palestine in the time of Christ.
Mite	A small weight; one twentieth of a grain.
Mite	Anything very small; a minute object; a very little quantity or particle.
Miter	Alt. of Mitre
Mitre	A covering for the head, worn on solemn occasions by church dignitaries. It has been made in many forms, the present form being a lofty cap with two points or peaks.
Mitre	The surface forming the beveled end or edge of a piece where a miter joint is made; also, a joint formed or a junction effected by two beveled ends or edges; a miter joint.
Mitre	A sort of base money or coin.
Mitered	of Mitre
Mitred	of Mitre
Mitering	of Mitre
Mitring	of Mitre
Miter	Alt. of Mitre
Mitre	To place a miter upon; to adorn with a miter.
Mitre	To match together, as two pieces of molding or brass rule on a line bisecting the angle of junction; to bevel the ends or edges of, for the purpose of matching together at an angle.
Miter	Alt. of Mitre
Mitre	To meet and match together, as two pieces of molding, on a line bisecting the angle of junction.
Miterwort	Any plant of the genus Mitella, -- slender, perennial herbs with a pod slightly resembling a bishop's miter; bishop's cap.
Mithic	See Mythic.
Mithras	The sun god of the Persians.
Mithridate	An antidote against poison, or a composition in form of an electuary, supposed to serve either as a remedy or a preservative against poison; an alexipharmic; -- so called from King Mithridates, its reputed inventor.
Mithridatic	Of or pertaining to King Mithridates, or to a mithridate.
Mitigable	Admitting of mitigation; that may be mitigated.
Mitigant	Tending to mitigate; mitigating; lentitive.
Mitigated	of Mitigate
Mitigating	of Mitigate
Mitigate	To make less severe, intense, harsh, rigorous, painful, etc.; to soften; to meliorate; to alleviate; to diminish; to lessen; as, to mitigate heat or cold; to mitigate grief.
Mitigate	To make mild and accessible; to mollify; -- applied to persons.
Mitigation	The act of mitigating, or the state of being mitigated; abatement or diminution of anything painful, harsh, severe, afflictive, or calamitous; as, the mitigation of pain, grief, rigor, severity, punishment, or penalty.
Mitigative	Tending to mitigate; alleviating.
Mitigator	One who, or that which, mitigates.
Mitigatory	Tending to mitigate or alleviate; mitigative.
Miting	A little one; -- used as a term of endearment.
Mitome	The denser part of the protoplasm of a cell.
Mitosis	See Karyokinesis.
Mitraille	Shot or bits of iron used sometimes in loading cannon.
Mitrailleur	One who serves a mitrailleuse.
Mitrailleuse	A breech-loading machine gun consisting of a number of barrels fitted together, so arranged that the barrels can be fired simultaneously, or successively, and rapidly.
Mitral	Pertaining to a miter; resembling a miter; as, the mitral valve between the left auricle and left ventricle of the heart.
Mitre	See Miter.
Mitriform	Having the form of a miter, or a peaked cap; as, a mitriform calyptra.
Mitt	A mitten; also, a covering for the wrist and hand and not for the fingers.
Mitten	A covering for the hand, worn to defend it from cold or injury. It differs from a glove in not having a separate sheath for each finger.
Mitten	A cover for the wrist and forearm.
Mittened	Covered with a mitten or mittens.
Mittent	Sending forth; emitting.
Mittimus	A precept or warrant granted by a justice for committing to prison a party charged with crime; a warrant of commitment to prison.
Mittimus	A writ for removing records from one court to another.
Mitter's green	A pigment of a green color, the chief constituent of which is oxide of chromium.
Mitty	The stormy petrel.
Mitu	A South American curassow of the genus Mitua.
Mity	Having, or abounding with, mites.
Mixed	of Mix
Mixt	of Mix
Mixing	of Mix
Mix	To cause a promiscuous interpenetration of the parts of, as of two or more substances with each other, or of one substance with others; to unite or blend into one mass or compound, as by stirring together; to mingle; to blend; as, to mix flour and salt; to mix wines.
Mix	To unite with in company; to join; to associate.
Mix	To form by mingling; to produce by the stirring together of ingredients; to compound of different parts.
Mix	To become united into a compound; to be blended promiscuously together.
Mix	To associate; to mingle.
Mixable	Capable of being mixed.
Mixed	Formed by mixing; united; mingled; blended. See Mix, v. t. & i.
Mixedly	In a mixed or mingled manner.
Mixen	A compost heap; a dunghill.
Mixer	One who, or that which, mixes.
Mixogamous	Pairing with several males; -- said of certain fishes of which several males accompany each female during spawning.
Mixolydian mode	The seventh ecclesiastical mode, whose scale commences on G.
Mixtilineal	Alt. of Mixtilinear
Mixtilinear	Containing, or consisting of, lines of different kinds, as straight, curved, and the like; as, a mixtilinear angle, that is, an angle contained by a straight line and a curve.
Mixtion	Mixture.
Mixtion	A kind of cement made of mastic, amber, etc., used as a mordant for gold leaf.
Mixtly	With mixture; in a mixed manner; mixedly.
Mixture	The act of mixing, or the state of being mixed; as, made by a mixture of ingredients.
Mixture	That which results from mixing different ingredients together; a compound; as, to drink a mixture of molasses and water; -- also, a medley.
Mixture	An ingredient entering into a mixed mass; an additional ingredient.
Mixture	A kind of liquid medicine made up of many ingredients; esp., as opposed to solution, a liquid preparation in which the solid ingredients are not completely dissolved.
Mixture	A mass of two or more ingredients, the particles of which are separable, independent, and uncompounded with each other, no matter how thoroughly and finely commingled; -- contrasted with a compound; thus, gunpowder is a mechanical mixture of carbon, sulphur, and niter.
Mixture	An organ stop, comprising from two to five ranges of pipes, used only in combination with the foundation and compound stops; -- called also furniture stop. It consists of high harmonics, or overtones, of the ground tone.
Mizmaze	A maze or labyrinth.
Mizzen	Hindmost; nearest the stern; as, the mizzen shrouds, sails, etc.
Mizzen	The hindmost of the fore and aft sails of a three-masted vessel; also, the spanker.
Mizzenmast	The hindmost mast of a three-masted vessel, or of a yawl-rigged vessel.
Mizzled	of Mizzle
Mizzling	of Mizzle
Mizzle	To rain in very fine drops.
Mizzle	To take one's self off; to go.
Mizzle	Mist; fine rain.
Mizzy	A bog or quagmire.
Mnemonic	Alt. of Mnemonical
Mnemonical	Assisting in memory.
Mnemonician	One who instructs in the art of improving or using the memory.
Mnemonics	The art of memory; a system of precepts and rules intended to assist the memory; artificial memory.
Mnemosyne	The goddess of memory and the mother of the Muses.
Mnemotechny	Mnemonics.
Mo	More; -- usually, more in number.
-mo	A suffix added to the names of certain numerals or to the numerals themselves, to indicate the number of leaves made by folding a sheet of paper; as, sixteenmo or 16mo; eighteenmo or 18mo. It is taken from the Latin forms similarly used; as, duodecimo, sextodecimo, etc.  A small circle, placed after the number and near its top, is often used for -mo; as, 16¡, 18¡, etc.
Moa	Any one of several very large extinct species of wingless birds belonging to Dinornis, and other related genera, of the suborder Dinornithes, found in New Zealand. They are allied to the apteryx and the ostrich. They were probably exterminated by the natives before New Zealand was discovered by Europeans. Some species were much larger than the ostrich.
Moabite	One of the posterity of Moab, the son of Lot. (Gen. xix. 37.) Also used adjectively.
Moabitess	A female Moabite.
Moabitish	Moabite.
Moaned	of Moan
Moaning	of Moan
Moan	To make a low prolonged sound of grief or pain, whether articulate or not; to groan softly and continuously.
Moan	To emit a sound like moan; -- said of things inanimate; as, the wind moans.
Moan	To bewail audibly; to lament.
Moan	To afflict; to distress.
Moan	A low prolonged sound, articulate or not, indicative of pain or of grief; a low groan.
Moan	A low mournful or murmuring sound; -- of things.
Moanful	Full of moaning; expressing sorrow.
Moat	A deep trench around the rampart of a castle or other fortified place, sometimes filled with water; a ditch.
Moat	To surround with a moat.
Moate	To void the excrement, as a bird; to mute.
Mob	A mobcap.
Mob	To wrap up in, or cover with, a cowl.
Mob	The lower classes of a community; the populace, or the lowest part of it.
Mob	A throng; a rabble; esp., an unlawful or riotous assembly; a disorderly crowd.
Mobbed	of Mob
Mobbing	of Mob
Mob	To crowd about, as a mob, and attack or annoy; as, to mob a house or a person.
Mobbish	Like a mob; tumultuous; lawless; as, a mobbish act.
Mobcap	A plain cap or headdress for women or girls; especially, one tying under the chin by a very broad band, generally of the same material as the cap itself.
Mobile	Capable of being moved; not fixed in place or condition; movable.
Mobile	Characterized by an extreme degree of fluidity; moving or flowing with great freedom; as, benzine and mercury are mobile liquids; -- opposed to viscous, viscoidal, or oily.
Mobile	Easily moved in feeling, purpose, or direction; excitable; changeable; fickle.
Mobile	Changing in appearance and expression under the influence of the mind; as, mobile features.
Mobile	Capable of being moved, aroused, or excited; capable of spontaneous movement.
Mobile	The mob; the populace.
Mobility	The quality or state of being mobile; as, the mobility of a liquid, of an army, of the populace, of features, of a muscle.
Mobility	The mob; the lower classes.
Mobilization	The act of mobilizing.
Mobilized	of Mobilize
Mobilizing	of Mobilize
Mobilize	To put in a state of readiness for active service in war, as an army corps.
Moble	To wrap the head of in a hood.
Mobles	See Moebles.
Mobocracy	A condition in which the lower classes of a nation control public affairs without respect to law, precedents, or vested rights.
Mobocrat	One who favors a form of government in which the unintelligent populace rules without restraint.
Mobocratic	Of, or relating to, a mobocracy.
Moccasin	A shoe made of deerskin, or other soft leather, the sole and upper part being one piece. It is the customary shoe worn by the American Indians.
Moccasin	A poisonous snake of the Southern United States. The water moccasin (Ancistrodon piscivorus) is usually found in or near water. Above, it is olive brown, barred with black; beneath, it is brownish yellow, mottled with darker. The upland moccasin is Ancistrodon atrofuscus. They resemble rattlesnakes, but are without rattles.
Moccasined	Covered with, or wearing, a moccasin or moccasins.
Mocha	A seaport town of Arabia, on the Red Sea.
Mocha	A variety of coffee brought from Mocha.
Mocha	An Abyssinian weight, equivalent to a Troy grain.
Moche	A bale of raw silk.
Moche	Much.
Mochel	Much.
Mochila	A large leather flap which covers the saddletree.
Mocked	of Mock
Mocking	of Mock
Mock	To imitate; to mimic; esp., to mimic in sport, contempt, or derision; to deride by mimicry.
Mock	To treat with scorn or contempt; to deride.
Mock	To disappoint the hopes of; to deceive; to tantalize; as, to mock expectation.
Mock	To make sport contempt or in jest; to speak in a scornful or jeering manner.
Mock	An act of ridicule or derision; a scornful or contemptuous act or speech; a sneer; a jibe; a jeer.
Mock	Imitation; mimicry.
Mock	Imitating reality, but not real; false; counterfeit; assumed; sham.
Mockable	Such as can be mocked.
Mockado	A stuff made in imitation of velvet; -- probably the same as mock velvet.
Mockadour	See Mokadour.
Mockage	Mockery.
Mockbird	The European sedge warbler (Acrocephalus phragmitis).
Mocker	One who, or that which, mocks; a scorner; a scoffer; a derider.
Mocker	A deceiver; an impostor.
Mocker	A mocking bird.
Mockeries	of Mockery
Mockery	The act of mocking, deriding, and exposing to contempt, by mimicry, by insincere imitation, or by a false show of earnestness; a counterfeit appearance.
Mockery	Insulting or contemptuous action or speech; contemptuous merriment; derision; ridicule.
Mockery	Subject of laughter, derision, or sport.
Mocking	Imitating, esp. in derision, or so as to cause derision; mimicking; derisive.
Mockingly	By way of derision; in a contemptuous or mocking manner.
Mockingstock	A butt of sport; an object of derision.
Mockish	Mock; counterfeit; sham.
Mockle	See Mickle.
Moco	A South American rodent (Cavia rupestris), allied to the Guinea pig, but larger; -- called also rock cavy.
Modal	Of or pertaining to a mode or mood; consisting in mode or form only; relating to form; having the form without the essence or reality.
Modal	Indicating, or pertaining to, some mode of conceiving existence, or of expressing thought.
Modalist	One who regards Father, Son, and Spirit as modes of being, and not as persons, thus denying personal distinction in the Trinity.
Modality	The quality or state of being modal.
Modality	A modal relation or quality; a mode or point of view under which an object presents itself to the mind. According to Kant, the quality of propositions, as assertory, problematical, or apodeictic.
Modally	In a modal manner.
Mode	Manner of doing or being; method; form; fashion; custom; way; style; as, the mode of speaking; the mode of dressing.
Mode	Prevailing popular custom; fashion, especially in the phrase the mode.
Mode	Variety; gradation; degree.
Mode	Any combination of qualities or relations, considered apart from the substance to which they belong, and treated as entities; more generally, condition, or state of being; manner or form of arrangement or manifestation; form, as opposed to matter.
Mode	The form in which the proposition connects the predicate and subject, whether by simple, contingent, or necessary assertion; the form of the syllogism, as determined by the quantity and quality of the constituent proposition; mood.
Mode	Same as Mood.
Mode	The scale as affected by the various positions in it of the minor intervals; as, the Dorian mode, the Ionic mode, etc., of ancient Greek music.
Mode	A kind of silk. See Alamode, n.
Model	A miniature representation of a thing, with the several parts in due proportion; sometimes, a facsimile of the same size.
Model	Something intended to serve, or that may serve, as a pattern of something to be made; a material representation or embodiment of an ideal; sometimes, a drawing; a plan; as, the clay model of a sculpture; the inventor's model of a machine.
Model	Anything which serves, or may serve, as an example for imitation; as, a government formed on the model of the American constitution; a model of eloquence, virtue, or behavior.
Model	That by which a thing is to be measured; standard.
Model	Any copy, or resemblance, more or less exact.
Model	A person who poses as a pattern to an artist.
Model	Suitable to be taken as a model or pattern; as, a model house; a model husband.
Modeled	of Model
Modelled	of Model
Modeling	of Model
Modelling	of Model
Model	To plan or form after a pattern; to form in model; to form a model or pattern for; to shape; to mold; to fashion; as, to model a house or a government; to model an edifice according to the plan delineated.
Model	To make a copy or a pattern; to design or imitate forms; as, to model in wax.
Modeler	One who models; hence, a worker in plastic art.
Modeling	The act or art of making a model from which a work of art is to be executed; the formation of a work of art from some plastic material. Also, in painting, drawing, etc., the expression or indication of solid form.
Modelize	To model.
Modena	A certain crimsonlike color.
Modenese	Of or pertaining to Modena or its inhabitants.
Modenese	A native or inhabitant of Modena; the people of Modena.
Moder	A mother.
Moder	The principal piece of an astrolabe, into which the others are fixed.
Moder	To moderate.
Moderable	Modeate; temperate.
Moderance	Moderation.
Moderate	Kept within due bounds; observing reasonable limits; not excessive, extreme, violent, or rigorous; limited; restrained
Moderate	Limited in quantity; sparing; temperate; frugal; as, moderate in eating or drinking; a moderate table.
Moderate	Limited in degree of activity, energy, or excitement; reasonable; calm; slow; as, moderate language; moderate endeavors.
Moderate	Not extreme in opinion, in partisanship, and the like; as, a moderate Calvinist.
Moderate	Not violent or rigorous; temperate; mild; gentle; as, a moderate winter.
Moderate	Limited as to degree of progress; as, to travel at moderate speed.
Moderate	Limited as to the degree in which a quality, principle, or faculty appears; as, an infusion of moderate strength; a man of moderate abilities.
Moderate	Limited in scope or effects; as, a reformation of a moderate kind.
Moderate	One of a party in the Church of Scotland in the 18th century, and part of the 19th, professing moderation in matters of church government, in discipline, and in doctrine.
Moderated	of Moderate
Moderating	of Moderate
Moderate	To restrain from excess of any kind; to reduce from a state of violence, intensity, or excess; to keep within bounds; to make temperate; to lessen; to allay; to repress; to temper; to qualify; as, to moderate rage, action, desires, etc.; to moderate heat or wind.
Moderate	To preside over, direct, or regulate, as a public meeting; as, to moderate a synod.
Moderate	To become less violent, severe, rigorous, or intense; as, the wind has moderated.
Moderate	To preside as a moderator.
Moderately	In a moderate manner or degree; to a moderate extent.
Moderateness	The quality or state of being moderate; temperateness; moderation.
Moderation	The act of moderating, or of imposing due restraint.
Moderation	The state or quality of being mmoderate.
Moderation	Calmness of mind; equanimity; as, to bear adversity with moderation.
Moderation	The first public examinations for degrees at the University of Oxford; -- usually contracted to mods.
Moderatism	Moderation in doctrines or opinion, especially in politics or religion.
Moderato	With a moderate degree of quickness; moderately.
Moderator	One who, or that which, moderates, restrains, or pacifies.
Moderator	The officer who presides over an assembly to preserve order, propose questions, regulate the proceedings, and declare the votes.
Moderator	In the University of Oxford, an examiner for moderations; at Cambridge, the superintendant of examinations for degrees; at Dublin, either the first (senior) or second (junior) in rank in an examination for the degree of Bachelor of Arts.
Moderator	A mechamical arrangement for regulating motion in a machine, or producing equality of effect.
Moderatorship	The office of a moderator.
Moderatress	A female moderator.
Moderatrix	A female moderator.
Modern	Of or pertaining to the present time, or time not long past; late; not ancient or remote in past time; of recent period; as, modern days, ages, or time; modern authors; modern fashions; modern taste; modern practice.
Modern	New and common; trite; commonplace.
Modern	A person of modern times; -- opposed to ancient.
Modernism	Modern practice; a thing of recent date; esp., a modern usage or mode of expression.
Modernist	One who admires the moderns, or their ways and fashions.
Modernity	Modernness; something modern.
Modernization	The act of rendering modern in style; the act or process of causing to conform to modern of thinking or acting.
Modernized	of Modernize
Modernizing	of Modernize
Modernize	To render modern; to adapt to modern person or things; to cause to conform to recent or present usage or taste.
Modernizer	One who modernizes.
Modernly	In modern times.
Modernness	The quality or state of being modern; recentness; novelty.
Modest	Restraining within due limits of propriety; not forward, bold, boastful, or presumptious; rather retiring than pushing one's self forward; not obstructive; as, a modest youth; a modest man.
Modest	Observing the proprieties of the sex; not unwomanly in act or bearing; free from undue familiarity, indecency, or lewdness; decent in speech and demeanor; -- said of a woman.
Modest	Evincing modestly in the actor, author, or speaker; not showing presumption; not excessive or extreme; moderate; as, a modest request; modest joy.
Modestly	In a modest manner.
Modesty	The quality or state of being modest; that lowly temper which accompanies a moderate estimate of one's own worth and importance; absence of self-assertion, arrogance, and presumption; humility respecting one's own merit.
Modesty	Natural delicacy or shame regarding personal charms and the sexual relation; purity of thought and manners; due regard for propriety in speech or action.
Modicity	Moderateness; smallness; meanness.
Modicum	A little; a small quantity; a measured simply.
Modifiability	Capability of being modified; state or quality of being modifiable.
Modifiable	Capable of being modified; liable to modification.
Modificable	Modifiable.
Modificate	To qualify.
Modification	The act of modifying, or the state of being modified; a modified form or condition; state as modified; a change; as, the modification of an opinion, or of a machine; the various modifications of light.
Modificative	That which modifies or qualifies, as a word or clause.
Modificatory	Tending or serving to modify; modifying.
Modifier	One who, or that which, modifies.
Modified	of Modify
Modifying	of Modify
Modify	To change somewhat the form or qualities of; to alter somewhat; as, to modify a contrivance adapted to some mechanical purpose; to modify the terms of a contract.
Modify	To limit or reduce in extent or degree; to moderate; to qualify; to lower.
Modillion	The enriched block or horizontal bracket generally found under the cornice of the Corinthian and Composite entablature, and sometimes, less ornamented, in the Ionic and other orders; -- so called because of its arrangement at regulated distances.
Modiolar	Shaped like a bushel measure.
Modioli	of Modiolus
Modiolus	The central column in the osseous cochlea of the ear.
Modish	According to the mode, or customary manner; conformed to the fashion; fashionable; hence, conventional; as, a modish dress; a modish feast.
Modist	One who follows the fashion.
Modiste	A female maker of, or dealer in, articles of fashion, especially of the fashionable dress of ladies; a woman who gives direction to the style or mode of dress.
Modii	of Modius
Modius	A dry measure, containing about a peck.
Modocs	A tribe of warlike Indians formerly inhabiting Northern California. They are nearly extinct.
Modular	Of or pertaining to mode, modulation, module, or modius; as, modular arrangement; modular accent; modular measure.
Modulated	of Modulate
Modulating	of Modulate
Modulate	To form, as sound, to a certain key, or to a certain portion.
Modulate	To vary or inflect in a natural, customary, or musical manner; as, the organs of speech modulate the voice in reading or speaking.
Modulate	To pass from one key into another.
Modulation	The act of modulating, or the state of being modulated; as, the modulation of the voice.
Modulation	Sound modulated; melody.
Modulation	A change of key, whether transient, or until the music becomes established in the new key; a shifting of the tonality of a piece, so that the harmonies all center upon a new keynote or tonic; the art of transition out of the original key into one nearly related, and so on, it may be, by successive changes, into a key quite remote. There are also sudden and unprepared modulations.
Modulator	One who, or that which, modulates.
Module	A model or measure.
Module	The size of some one part, as the diameter of semi-diameter of the base of a shaft, taken as a unit of measure by which the proportions of the other parts of the composition are regulated. Generally, for columns, the semi-diameter is taken, and divided into a certain number of parts, called minutes (see Minute), though often the diameter is taken, and any dimension is said to be so many modules and minutes in height, breadth, or projection.
Module	To model; also, to modulate.
Moduli	of Modulus
Modulus	A quantity or coefficient, or constant, which expresses the measure of some specified force, property, or quality, as of elasticity, strength, efficiency, etc.; a parameter.
Modi	of Modus
Modus	The arrangement of, or mode of expressing, the terms of a contract or conveyance.
Modus	A qualification involving the idea of variation or departure from some general rule or form, in the way of either restriction or enlargement, according to the circumstances of the case, as in the will of a donor, an agreement between parties, and the like.
Modus	A fixed compensation or equivalent given instead of payment of tithes in kind, expressed in full by the phrase modus decimandi.
Mody	Fashionable.
Moe	A wry face or mouth; a mow.
Moe	To make faces; to mow.
Moe	More. See Mo.
Moebles	Movables; furniture; -- also used in the singular (moeble).
Moelline	An unguent for the hair.
Moellon	Rubble masonry.
Moesogothic	Belonging to the Moesogoths, a branch of the Goths who settled in Moesia.
Moesogothic	The language of the Moesogoths; -- also called Gothic.
Moeve	To move.
Moff	A thin silk stuff made in Caucasia.
Moggan	A closely fitting knit sleeve; also, a legging of knitted material.
Mogul	A person of the Mongolian race.
Mogul	A heavy locomotive for freight traffic, having three pairs of connected driving wheels and a two-wheeled truck.
Moha	A kind of millet (Setaria Italica); German millet.
Mohair	The long silky hair or wool of the Angora goat of Asia Minor; also, a fabric made from this material, or an imitation of such fabric.
Mohammedan	Of or pertaining to Mohammed, or the religion and institutions founded by Mohammed.
Mohammedan	A follower of Mohammed, the founder of Islamism; one who professes Mohammedanism or Islamism.
Mohammedanism	Alt. of Mohammedism
Mohammedism	The religion, or doctrines and precepts, of Mohammed, contained in the Koran; Islamism.
Mohammedanize	Alt. of Mohammedize
Mohammedize	To make conformable to the principles, or customs and rites, of Mohammedanism.
Mohawk	One of a tribe of Indians who formed part of the Five Nations. They formerly inhabited the valley of the Mohawk River.
Mohawk	One of certain ruffians who infested the streets of London in the time of Addison, and took the name from the Mohawk Indians.
Mohicans	A tribe of Lenni-Lenape Indians who formerly inhabited Western Connecticut and Eastern New York.
Moho	A gallinule (Notornis Mantelli) formerly inhabiting New Zealand, but now supposed to be extinct. It was incapable of flight. See Notornis.
Mohock	See Mohawk.
Moholi	See Maholi.
Mohr	A West African gazelle (Gazella mohr), having horns on which are eleven or twelve very prominent rings. It is one of the species which produce bezoar.
Mohur	A British Indian gold coin, of the value of fifteen silver rupees, or $7.21.
Mohurrum	Alt. of Muharram
Muharram	The first month of the Mohammedan year.
Muharram	A festival of the Shiah sect of the Mohammedans held during the first ten days of the month Mohurrum.
Moider	To toil.
Moidore	A gold coin of Portugal, valued at about 27s. sterling.
Moieties	of Moiety
Moiety	One of two equal parts; a half; as, a moiety of an estate, of goods, or of profits; the moiety of a jury, or of a nation.
Moiety	An indefinite part; a small part.
Moiled	of Moil
Moiling	of Moil
Moil	To daub; to make dirty; to soil; to defile.
Moil	To soil one's self with severe labor; to work with painful effort; to labor; to toil; to drudge.
Moil	A spot; a defilement.
Moile	A kind of high shoe anciently worn.
Moineau	A small flat bastion, raised in the middle of an overlong curtain.
Moira	The deity who assigns to every man his lot.
Moire	Originally, a fine textile fabric made of the hair of an Asiatic goat; afterwards, any textile fabric to which a watered appearance is given in the process of calendering.
Moire	A watered, clouded, or frosted appearance produced upon either textile fabrics or metallic surfaces.
Moire metallique	A crystalline or frosted appearance produced by some acids on tin plate; also, the tin plate thus treated.
Moist	Moderately wet; damp; humid; not dry; as, a moist atmosphere or air.
Moist	Fresh, or new.
Moist	To moisten.
Moistened	of Moisten
Moistening	of Moisten
Moisten	To make damp; to wet in a small degree.
Moisten	To soften by making moist; to make tender.
Moistener	One who, or that which, moistens.
Moistful	Full of moisture.
Moistless	Without moisture; dry.
Moistness	The quality or state of being moist.
Moisture	A moderate degree of wetness.
Moisture	That which moistens or makes damp or wet; exuding fluid; liquid in small quantity.
Moistureless	Without moisture.
Moisty	Moist.
Moither	To perplex; to confuse.
Moither	To toil; to labor.
Mokadour	A handkerchief.
Moke	A donkey.
Moke	A mesh of a net, or of anything resembling a net.
Moky	Misty; dark; murky; muggy.
Mola	See Sunfish, 1.
Molar	Of or pertaining to a mass of matter; -- said of the properties or motions of masses, as distinguished from those of molecules or atoms.
Molar	Having power to grind; grinding; as, the molar teeth; also, of or pertaining to the molar teeth.
Molar	Any one of the teeth back of the incisors and canines. The molar which replace the deciduous or milk teeth are designated as premolars, and those which are not preceded by deciduous teeth are sometimes called true molars. See Tooth.
Molary	Same as 2d Molar.
Molasse	A soft Tertiary sandstone; -- applied to a rock occurring in Switzerland. See Chart of Geology.
Molasses	The thick, brown or dark colored, viscid, uncrystallizable sirup which drains from sugar, in the process of manufacture; any thick, viscid, sweet sirup made from vegetable juice or sap, as of the sorghum or maple. See Treacle.
Mold	A spot; a blemish; a mole.
Mold	Alt. of Mould
Mould	Crumbling, soft, friable earth; esp., earth containing the remains or constituents of organic matter, and suited to the growth of plants; soil.
Mould	Earthy material; the matter of which anything is formed; composing substance; material.
Molded	of Mould
Moulded	of Mould
Molding	of Mould
Moulding	of Mould
Mold	Alt. of Mould
Mould	To cover with mold or soil.
Mold	Alt. of Mould
Mould	A growth of minute fungi of various kinds, esp. those of the great groups Hyphomycetes, and Physomycetes, forming on damp or decaying organic matter.
Mold	Alt. of Mould
Mould	To cause to become moldy; to cause mold to grow upon.
Mold	Alt. of Mould
Mould	To become moldy; to be covered or filled, in whole or in part, with a mold.
Mold	Alt. of Mould
Mould	The matrix, or cavity, in which anything is shaped, and from which it takes its form; also, the body or mass containing the cavity; as, a sand mold; a jelly mold.
Mould	That on which, or in accordance with which, anything is modeled or formed; anything which serves to regulate the size, form, etc., as the pattern or templet used by a shipbuilder, carpenter, or mason.
Mould	Cast; form; shape; character.
Mould	A group of moldings; as, the arch mold of a porch or doorway; the pier mold of a Gothic pier, meaning the whole profile, section, or combination of parts.
Mould	A fontanel.
Mould	A frame with a wire cloth bottom, on which the pump is drained to form a sheet, in making paper by hand.
Mold	Alt. of Mould
Mould	To form into a particular shape; to shape; to model; to fashion.
Mould	To ornament by molding or carving the material of; as, a molded window jamb.
Mould	To knead; as, to mold dough or bread.
Mould	To form a mold of, as in sand, in which a casting may be made.
Moldable	Alt. of Mouldable
Mouldable	Capable of being molded or formed.
Moldboard	Alt. of Mouldboard
Mouldboard	A curved plate of iron (originally of wood) back of the share of a plow, which turns over the earth in plowing.
Mouldboard	A follow board.
Molder	Alt. of Moulder
Moulder	One who, or that which, molds or forms into shape; specifically (Founding), one skilled in the art of making molds for castings.
Moldered	of Moulder
Mouldered	of Moulder
Moldering	of Moulder
Mouldering	of Moulder
Molder	Alt. of Moulder
Moulder	To crumble into small particles; to turn to dust by natural decay; to lose form, or waste away, by a gradual separation of the component particles, without the presence of water; to crumble away.
Molder	Alt. of Moulder
Moulder	To turn to dust; to cause to crumble; to cause to waste away.
Moldery	Alt. of Mouldery
Mouldery	Covered or filled with mold; consisting of, or resembling, mold.
Moldiness	Alt. of Mouldiness
Mouldiness	The state of being moldy.
Molding	Alt. of Moulding
Moulding	The act or process of shaping in or on a mold, or of making molds; the art or occupation of a molder.
Moulding	Anything cast in a mold, or which appears to be so, as grooved or ornamental bars of wood or metal.
Moulding	A plane, or curved, narrow surface, either sunk or projecting, used for decoration by means of the lights and shades upon its surface. Moldings vary greatly in pattern, and are generally used in groups, the different members of each group projecting or retreating, one beyond another. See Cable, n., 3, and Crenelated molding, under Crenelate, v. t.
Molding	Alt. of Moulding
Moulding	Used in making a mold or moldings; used in shaping anything according to a pattern.
Moldwarp	Alt. of Mouldwarp
Mouldwarp	See Mole the animal.
Moldy	Alt. of Mouldy
Mouldy	Overgrown with, or containing, mold; as, moldy cheese or bread.
Mole	A spot; a stain; a mark which discolors or disfigures.
Mole	A spot, mark, or small permanent protuberance on the human body; esp., a spot which is dark-colored, from which commonly issue one or more hairs.
Mole	A mass of fleshy or other more or less solid matter generated in the uterus.
Mole	A mound or massive work formed of masonry or large stones, etc., laid in the sea, often extended either in a right line or an arc of a circle before a port which it serves to defend from the violence of the waves, thus protecting ships in a harbor; also, sometimes, the harbor itself.
Mole	Any insectivore of the family Talpidae. They have minute eyes and ears, soft fur, and very large and strong fore feet.
Mole	A plow of peculiar construction, for forming underground drains.
Moled	of Mole
Moling	of Mole
Mole	To form holes in, as a mole; to burrow; to excavate; as, to mole the earth.
Mole	To clear of molehills.
Molebut	The sunfish (Orthagoriscus, or Mola).
Molecast	A little elevation of earth made by a mole; a molehill.
Molech	The fire god of the Ammonites, to whom human sacrifices were offered; Moloch.
Molecular	Pertaining to, connected with, produced by, or consisting of, molecules; as, molecular forces; molecular groups of atoms, etc.
Molecularity	The state of consisting of molecules; the state or quality of being molecular.
Molecularly	With molecules; in the manner of molecules.
Molecule	One of the very small invisible particles of which all matter is supposed to consist.
Molecule	The smallest part of any substance which possesses the characteristic properties and qualities of that substance, and which can exist alone in a free state.
Molecule	A group of atoms so united and combined by chemical affinity that they form a complete, integrated whole, being the smallest portion of any particular compound that can exist in a free state; as, a molecule of water consists of two atoms of hydrogen and one of oxygen.  Cf. Atom.
Mole-eyed	Having eyes like those of the mole; having imperfect sight.
Molehill	A little hillock of earth thrown up by moles working under ground; hence, a very small hill, or an insignificant obstacle or difficulty.
Molendinaceous	Alt. of Molendinarious
Molendinarious	Resembling the sails of a windmill.
Moleskin	Any fabric having a thick soft shag, like the fur of a mole; esp., a kind of strong twilled fustian.
Molested	of Molest
Molesting	of Molest
Molest	To trouble; to disturb; to render uneasy; to interfere with; to vex.
Molest	Molestation.
Molestation	The act of molesting, or the state of being molested; disturbance; annoyance.
Molester	One who molests.
Molestful	Troublesome; vexatious.
Molestie	Alt. of Molesty
Molesty	Molestation.
Molewarp	See Moldwarp.
Moliminous	Of great bulk or consequence; very important.
Moline	The crossed iron that supports the upper millstone by resting on the spindle; a millrind.
Molinism	The doctrines of the Molinists, somewhat resembling the tenets of the Arminians.
Molinist	A follower of the opinions of Molina, a Spanish Jesuit (in respect to grace); an opposer of the Jansenists.
Moll	Minor; in the minor mode; as, A moll, that is, A minor.
Mollah	One of the higher order of Turkish judges; also, a Turkish title of respect for a religious and learned man.
Molle	Lower by a semitone; flat; as, E molle, that is, E flat.
Mollebart	An agricultural implement used in Flanders, consisting of a kind of large shovel drawn by a horse and guided by a man.
Mollemoke	Any one of several species of large pelagic petrels and fulmars, as Fulmarus glacialis, of the North Atlantic, and several species of Aestrelata, of the Southern Ocean. See Fulmar.
Mollient	Serving to soften; assuaging; emollient.
Molliently	Assuagingly.
Mollifiable	Capable of being mollified.
Mollification	The act of mollifying, or the state of being mollified; a softening.
Mollifier	One who, or that which, mollifies.
Mollified	of Mollify
Mollifying	of Mollify
Mollify	To soften; to make tender; to reduce the hardness, harshness, or asperity of; to qualify; as, to mollify the ground.
Mollify	To assuage, as pain or irritation, to appease, as excited feeling or passion; to pacify; to calm.
Mollinet	A little mill.
Mollipilose	Having soft hairs; downy.
Mollities	Unnatural softness of any organ or part.
Mollitude	Softness; effeminacy; weakness.
Mollusc	Same as Mollusk.
Mollusca	One of the grand divisions of the animal kingdom, including the classes Cephalopoda, Gastropoda, PteropodaScaphopoda, and Lamellibranchiata, or Conchifera. These animals have an unsegmented bilateral body, with most of the organs and parts paired, but not repeated longitudinally. Most of them develop a mantle, which incloses either a branchial or a pulmonary cavity. They are generally more or less covered and protected by a calcareous shell, which may be univalve, bivalve, or multivalve.
Molluscan	Of or pertaining to mollusks.
Molluscan	A mollusk; one of the Mollusca.
Molluscoid	Resembling the true mollusks; belonging to the Molluscoidea.
Molluscoid	One of the Molluscoidea.
Molluscoidal	Molluscoid.
Molluscoidea	A division of Invertebrata which includes the classes Brachiopoda and Bryozoa; -- called also Anthoid Mollusca.
Molluscous	Molluscan.
Molluscum	A cutaneous disease characterized by numerous tumors, of various forms, filled with a thick matter; -- so called from the resemblance of the tumors to some molluscous animals.
Mollusk	One of the Mollusca.
Molly	Same as Mollemoke.
Molly	A pet or colloquial name for Mary.
Molly-mawk	See Mollemoke.
Moloch	The fire god of the Ammonites in Canaan, to whom human sacrifices were offered; Molech. Also applied figuratively.
Moloch	A spiny Australian lizard (Moloch horridus). The horns on the head and numerous spines on the body give it a most formidable appearance.
Molosse	See Molossus.
Molosses	Molasses.
Molossine	A bat of the genus Molossus, as the monk bat.
Molossus	A foot of three long syllables.
Molt	imp. of Melt.
Molted	of Moult
Moulted	of Moult
Molting	of Moult
Moulting	of Moult
Molt	Alt. of Moult
Moult	To shed or cast the hair, feathers, skin, horns, or the like, as an animal or a bird.
Molt	Alt. of Moult
Moult	To cast, as the hair, skin, feathers, or the like; to shed.
Molt	Alt. of Moult
Moult	The act or process of changing the feathers, hair, skin, etc.; molting.
Moltable	Capable of assuming a molten state; meltable; fusible.
Molten	Melted; being in a state of fusion, esp. when the liquid state is produced by a high degree of heat; as, molten iron.
Molten	Made by melting and casting the substance or metal of which the thing is formed; as, a molten image.
Molto	Much; very; as, molto adagio, very slow.
Moly	A fabulous herb of occult power, having a black root and white blossoms, said by Homer to have been given by Hermes to Ulysses to counteract the spells of Circe.
Moly	A kind of garlic (Allium Moly) with large yellow flowers; -- called also golden garlic.
Molybdate	A salt of molybdic acid.
Molybdena	See Molybdenite.
Molybdenite	A mineral occurring in soft, lead-gray, foliated masses or scales, resembling graphite; sulphide of molybdenum.
Molybdenous	See Molybdous.
Molybdenum	A rare element of the chromium group, occurring in nature in the minerals molybdenite and wulfenite, and when reduced obtained as a hard, silver-white, difficulty fusible metal. Symbol Mo. Atomic weight 95.9.
Molybdic	Of, pertaining to, or containing, molybdenum; specif., designating those compounds in which the element has a higher valence, as contrasted with molybdous compounds; as, molybdic oxide.
Molybdite	Molybdic ocher.
Molybdous	Of, pertaining to, or containing, molybdenum; specif., designating those compounds in which molybdenum has a lower valence as contrasted with molybdic compounds.
Mome	A dull, silent person; a blockhead.
Moment	A minute portion of time; a point of time; an instant; as, at thet very moment.
Moment	Impulsive power; force; momentum.
Moment	Importance, as in influence or effect; consequence; weight or value; consideration.
Moment	An essential element; a deciding point, fact, or consideration; an essential or influential circumstance.
Moment	An infinitesimal change in a varying quantity; an increment or decrement.
Moment	Tendency, or measure of tendency, to produce motion, esp. motion about a fixed point or axis.
Momental	Lasting but a moment; brief.
Momental	Important; momentous.
Momental	Of or pertaining to moment or momentum.
Momentally	For a moment.
Momentaneous	Alt. of Momentany
Momentany	Momentary.
Momentarily	Every moment; from moment to moment.
Momentariness	The state or quality of being momentary; shortness of duration.
Momentary	Done in a moment; continuing only a moment; lasting a very short time; as, a momentary pang.
Momently	For a moment.
Momently	In a moment; every moment; momentarily.
Momentous	Of moment or consequence; very important; weighty; as, a momentous decision; momentous affairs.
Momenta	of Momentum
Momentums	of Momentum
Momentum	The quantity of motion in a moving body, being always proportioned to the quantity of matter multiplied into the velocity; impetus.
Momentum	Essential element, or constituent element.
Momier	A name given in contempt to strict Calvinists in Switzerland, France, and some parts of Germany, in the early part of the 19th century.
Mommery	See Mummery.
Momot	See Motmot.
Momus	The god of mockery and censure.
Mon-	Same as Mono-.
Mona	A small, handsome, long-tailed West American monkey (Cercopithecus mona). The body is dark olive, with a spot of white on the haunches.
Monachal	Of or pertaining to monks or a monastic life; monastic.
Monachism	The system and influences of a monastic life; monasticism.
Monacid	Having one hydrogen atom replaceable by a negative or acid atom or radical; capable of neutralizing a monobasic acid; -- said of bases, and of certain metals.
Monad	An ultimate atom, or simple, unextended point; something ultimate and indivisible.
Monad	The elementary and indestructible units which were conceived of as endowed with the power to produce all the changes they undergo, and thus determine all physical and spiritual phenomena.
Monad	One of the smallest flangellate Infusoria; esp., the species of the genus Monas, and allied genera.
Monad	A simple, minute organism; a primary cell, germ, or plastid.
Monad	An atom or radical whose valence is one, or which can combine with, be replaced by, or exchanged for, one atom of hydrogen.
Monadaria	The Infusoria.
Monadelphia	A Linnaean class of plants having the stamens united into a tube, or ring, by the filaments, as in the Mallow family.
Monadelphian	Alt. of Monadelphous
Monadelphous	Of or pertaining to the Monadelphia; having the stamens united in one body by the filaments.
Monadic	Alt. of Monadical
Monadical	Of, pertaining to, or like, a monad, in any of its senses. See Monad, n.
Monadiform	Having the form of a monad; resembling a monad in having one or more filaments of vibratile protoplasm; as, monadiform young.
Monadology	The doctrine or theory of monads.
Monal	Any Asiatic pheasant of the genus Lophophorus, as the Impeyan pheasant.
Monamide	An amido compound with only one amido group.
Monamine	A basic compound containing one amido group; as, methyl amine is a monamine.
Monander	One of the Monandria.
Monandria	A Linnaean class of plants embracing those having but a single stamen.
Monandrian	Same as Monandrous.
Monandric	Of or pertaining to monandry; practicing monandry as a system of marriage.
Monandrous	Of or pertaining to the monandria; having but one stamen.
Monandry	The possession by a woman of only one husband at the same time; -- contrasted with polyandry.
Monanthous	Having but one flower; one-flowered.
Monarch	A sole or supreme ruler; a sovereign; the highest ruler; an emperor, king, queen, prince, or chief.
Monarch	One superior to all others of the same kind; as, an oak is called the monarch of the forest.
Monarch	A patron deity or presiding genius.
Monarch	A very large red and black butterfly (Danais Plexippus); -- called also milkweed butterfly.
Monarch	Superior to others; preeminent; supreme; ruling.
Monarchal	Pertaining to a monarch; suiting a monarch; sovoreign; regal; imperial.
Monarchess	A female monarch.
Monarchial	Monarchic.
Monarchian	One of a sect in the early Christian church which rejected the doctrine of the Trinity; -- called also patripassian.
Monarchic	Alt. of Monarchical
Monarchical	Of or pertaining to a monarch, or to monarchy.
Monarchism	The principles of, or preference for, monarchy.
Monarchist	An advocate of, or believer in, monarchy.
Monarchized	of Monarchize
Monarchizing	of Monarchize
Monarchize	To play the sovereign; to act the monarch.
Monarchize	To rule; to govern.
Monarchizer	One who monarchizes; also, a monarchist.
Monarcho	The nickname of a crackbrained Italian who fancied himself an emperor.
Monarchies	of Monarchy
Monarchy	A state or government in which the supreme power is lodged in the hands of a monarch.
Monarchy	A system of government in which the chief ruler is a monarch.
Monarchy	The territory ruled over by a monarch; a kingdom.
Monas	A genus of minute flagellate Infusoria of which there are many species, both free and attached. See Illust. under Monad.
Monasterial	Of or pertaining to monastery, or to monastic life.
Monasteries	of Monastery
Monastery	A house of religious retirement, or of secusion from ordinary temporal concerns, especially for monks; -- more rarely applied to such a house for females.
Monastic	A monk.
Monastic	Alt. of Monastical
Monastical	Of or pertaining to monasteries, or to their occupants, rules, etc., as, monastic institutions or rules.
Monastical	Secluded from temporal concerns and devoted to religion; recluse.
Monastically	In a monastic manner.
Monasticism	The monastic life, system, or condition.
Monasticon	A book giving an account of monasteries.
Monatomic	Consisting of, or containing, one atom; as, the molecule of mercury is monatomic.
Monatomic	Having the equivalence or replacing power of an atom of hydrogen; univalent; as, the methyl radical is monatomic.
Monaxial	Having only one axis; developing along a single line or plane; as, monaxial development.
Monazite	A mineral occurring usually in small isolated crystals, -- a phosphate of the cerium metals.
Monday	The second day of the week; the day following Sunday.
Monde	The world; a globe as an ensign of royalty.
Mone	The moon.
Mone	A moan.
Monecian	Alt. of Monecious
Monecious	See Monoecian, and Monoecious.
Monembryony	The condition of an ovule having but a single embryo.
Moner	One of the Monera.
Monera	The lowest division of rhizopods, including those which resemble the amoebas, but are destitute of a nucleus.
Moneral	Of or pertaining to the Monera.
Moneran	Of or pertaining to the Monera.
Moneran	One of the Monera.
Monera	of Moneron
Monerons	of Moneron
Moneron	One of the Monera.
Monerula	A germ in that stage of development in which its form is simply that of a non-nucleated mass of protoplasm. It precedes the one-celled germ. So called from its likeness to a moner.
Monesia	The bark, or a vegetable extract brought in solid cakes from South America and believed to be derived from the bark, of the tree Chrysophyllum glycyphloeum. It is used as an alterative and astringent.
Monesin	The acrid principle of Monesia, sometimes used as a medicine.
Monest	To warn; to admonish; to advise.
Monetary	Of or pertaining to money, or consisting of money; pecuniary.
Moneth	A month.
Monetization	The act or process of converting into money, or of adopting as money; as, the monetization of silver.
Monetize	To convert into money; to adopt as current money; as, to monetize silver.
Moneys	of Money
Money	A piece of metal, as gold, silver, copper, etc., coined, or stamped, and issued by the sovereign authority as a medium of exchange in financial transactions between citizens and with government; also, any number of such pieces; coin.
Money	Any written or stamped promise, certificate, or order, as a government note, a bank note, a certificate of deposit, etc., which is payable in standard coined money and is lawfully current in lieu of it; in a comprehensive sense, any currency usually and lawfully employed in buying and selling.
Money	In general, wealth; property; as, he has much money in land, or in stocks; to make, or lose, money.
Money	To supply with money.
Moneyage	A tax paid to the first two Norman kings of England to prevent them from debashing the coin.
Moneyage	Mintage; coinage.
Moneyed	Supplied with money; having money; wealthy; as, moneyey men.
Moneyed	Converted into money; coined.
Moneyed	Consisting in, or composed of, money.
Moneyer	A person who deals in money; banker or broker.
Moneyer	An authorized coiner of money.
Moneyless	Destitute of money; penniless; impecunious.
Money-maker	One who coins or prints money; also, a counterfeiter of money.
Money-maker	One who accumulates money or wealth; specifically, one who makes money-getting his governing motive.
Money-making	The act or process of making money; the acquisition and accumulation of wealth.
Money-making	Affording profitable returns; lucrative; as, a money-making business.
Money-making	Sussessful in gaining money, and devoted to that aim; as, a money-making man.
Moneywort	A trailing plant (Lysimachia Nummularia), with rounded opposite leaves and solitary yellow flowers in their axils.
Mongcorn	See Mangcorn.
Monger	A trader; a dealer; -- now used chiefly in composition; as, fishmonger, ironmonger, newsmonger.
Monger	A small merchant vessel.
Monger	To deal in; to make merchandise of; to traffic in; -- used chiefly of discreditable traffic.
Mongol	One of the Mongols.
Mongol	Of or pertaining to Mongolia or the Mongols.
Mongolian	Of or pertaining to Mongolia or the Mongols.
Mongolian	One of the Mongols.
Mongolic	See Mongolian.
Mongoloid	Resembling a Mongol or the Mongols; having race characteristics, such as color, hair, and features, like those of the Mongols.
Mongols	Alt. of Mongolians
Mongolians	One of the great races of man, including the greater part of the inhabitants of China, Japan, and the interior of Asia, with branches in Northern Europe and other parts of the world. By some American Indians are considered a branch of the Mongols. In a more restricted sense, the inhabitants of Mongolia and adjacent countries, including the Burats and the Kalmuks.
Mongoose	Alt. of Mongoos
Mongoos	A species of ichneumon (Herpestes griseus), native of India. Applied also to other allied species, as the African banded mongoose (Crossarchus fasciatus).
Mongrel	The progeny resulting from a cross between two breeds, as of domestic animals; anything of mixed breed.
Mongrel	Not of a pure breed.
Mongrel	Of mixed kinds; as, mongrel language.
Mongrelize	To cause to be mongrel; to cross breeds, so as to produce mongrels.
'Mongst	See Amongst.
Monied	See Moneyed.
Monifier	A fossil fish.
Moniliform	Joined or constricted, at regular intervals, so as to resemble a string of beads; as, a moniliform root; a moniliform antenna.  See Illust. of Antenna.
Moniment	Something to preserve memory; a reminder; a monument; hence, a mark; an image; a superscription; a record.
Monish	To admonish; to warn. See Admonish.
Monisher	One who monishes; an admonisher.
Monishment	Admonition.
Monism	That doctrine which refers all phenomena to a single ultimate constituent or agent; -- the opposite of dualism.
Monism	See Monogenesis, 1.
Monist	A believer in monism.
Monistic	Of, pertaining to, or involving, monism.
Monition	Instruction or advice given by way of caution; an admonition; a warning; a caution.
Monition	Information; indication; notice; advice.
Monition	A process in the nature of a summons to appear and answer.
Monition	An order monishing a party complained against to obey under pain of the law.
Monitive	Conveying admonition; admonitory.
Monitor	One who admonishes; one who warns of faults, informs of duty, or gives advice and instruction by way of reproof or caution.
Monitor	Hence, specifically, a pupil selected to look to the school in the absence of the instructor, to notice the absence or faults of the scholars, or to instruct a division or class.
Monitor	Any large Old World lizard of the genus Varanus; esp., the Egyptian species (V. Niloticus), which is useful because it devours the eggs and young of the crocodile. It is sometimes five or six feet long.
Monitor	An ironclad war vessel, very low in the water, and having one or more heavily-armored revolving turrets, carrying heavy guns.
Monitor	A tool holder, as for a lathe, shaped like a low turret, and capable of being revolved on a vertical pivot so as to bring successively the several tools in holds into proper position for cutting.
Monitorial	Of or pertaining to a monitor or monitors.
Monitorial	Done or performed by a monitor; as, monitorial work; conducted or taught by monitors; as, a monitorial school; monitorial instruction.
Monitorially	In a monitorial manner.
Monitorship	The post or office of a monitor.
Monitory	Giving admonition; instructing by way of caution; warning.
Monitory	Admonition; warning; especially, a monition proceeding from an ecclesiastical court, but not addressed to any one person.
Monitress	Alt. of Monitrix
Monitrix	A female monitor.
Monk	A man who retires from the ordinary temporal concerns of the world, and devotes himself to religion; one of a religious community of men inhabiting a monastery, and bound by vows to a life of chastity, obedience, and poverty.
Monk	A blotch or spot of ink on a printed page, caused by the ink not being properly distributed. It is distinguished from a friar, or white spot caused by a deficiency of ink.
Monk	A piece of tinder made of agaric, used in firing the powder hose or train of a mine.
Monk	A South American monkey (Pithecia monachus); also applied to other species, as Cebus xanthocephalus.
Monk	The European bullfinch.
Monkeries	of Monkery
Monkery	The life of monks; monastic life; monastic usage or customs; -- now usually applied by way of reproach.
Monkery	A collective body of monks.
Monkeys	of Monkey
Monkey	In the most general sense, any one of the Quadrumana, including apes, baboons, and lemurs.
Monkey	Any species of Quadrumana, except the lemurs.
Monkey	Any one of numerous species of Quadrumana (esp. such as have a long tail and prehensile feet) exclusive of apes and baboons.
Monkey	A term of disapproval, ridicule, or contempt, as for a mischievous child.
Monkey	The weight or hammer of a pile driver, that is, a very heavy mass of iron, which, being raised on high, falls on the head of the pile, and drives it into the earth; the falling weight of a drop hammer used in forging.
Monkey	A small trading vessel of the sixteenth century.
Monkey	To act or treat as a monkey does; to ape; to act in a grotesque or meddlesome manner.
Monkey-bread	The fruit of the Adansonia digitata; also, the tree. See Adansonia.
Monkey-cup	See Nepenthes.
Monkey-pot	The fruit of two South American trees (Lecythis Ollaria, and L. Zabucajo), which have for their fruit large, pot-shaped, woody capsules containing delicious nuts, and opening almost explosively by a circular lid at the top. Vases and pots are made of this capsule.
Monkey's puzzle	A lofty coniferous Chilian tree (Araucaria imbricata), the branches of which are so crowded and intertwisted "as to puzzle a monkey to climb." The edible nuts are over an inch long, and are called pi–on by the Chilians.
Monkeytail	A short, round iron bar or lever used in naval gunnery.
Monkfish	The angel fish (Squatina).
Monkfish	The angler (Lophius).
Monkflower	A name of certain curious orchids which bear three kinds of flowers formerly referred to three genera, but now ascertained to be sexually different forms of the same genus (Catasetum tridentatum, etc.).
Monkhood	The character or condition of a monk.
Monkhood	Monks, regarded collectively.
Monking	Monkish.
Monkish	Like a monk, or pertaining to monks; monastic; as, monkish manners; monkish dress; monkish solitude.
Monkly	Like, or suitable to, a monk.
Monkshood	A plant of the genus Aconitum; aconite. See Aconite.
Monk's seam	An extra middle seam made at the junction of two breadths of canvas, ordinarily joined by only two rows of stitches.
Mono-	Alt. of Mon-
Mon-	A prefix signifying one, single, alone; as, monocarp, monopoly; (Chem.) indicating that a compound contains one atom, radical, or group of that to the name of which it is united; as, monoxide, monosulphide, monatomic, etc.
Mono	The black howler of Central America (Mycetes villosus).
Monobasic	Capable of being neutralized by a univalent base or basic radical; having but one acid hydrogen atom to be replaced; -- said of acids; as, acetic, nitric, and hydrochloric acids are monobasic.
Monocarbonic	Containing one carboxyl group; as, acetic acid is a monocarbonic acid.
Monocardian	Having a single heart, as fishes and amphibians.
Monocardian	An animal having a single heart.
Monocarp	A monocarpic plant.
Monocarpellary	Consisting of a single carpel, as the fruit of the pea, cherry, and almond.
Monocarpic	Alt. of Monocarpous
Monocarpous	Bearing fruit but once, and dying after fructification, as beans, maize, mustard, etc.
Monocephalous	Having a solitary head; -- said of unbranched composite plants.
Monoceros	A one-horned creature; a unicorn; a sea monster with one horn.
Monoceros	The Unicorn, a constellation situated to the east Orion.
Monochlamydeous	Having a single floral envelope, that is, a calyx without a corolla, or, possibly, in rare cases, a corolla without a calyx.
Monochord	An instrument for experimenting upon the mathematical relations of musical sounds. It consists of a single string stretched between two bridges, one or both of which are movable, and which stand upon a graduated rule for the purpose of readily changing and measuring the length of the part of the string between them.
Monochromatic	Consisting of one color, or presenting rays of light of one color only.
Monochrome	A painting or drawing in a single color; a picture made with a single color.
Monochromic	Made, or done, with a single color; as, a monochromic picture.
Monochromy	The art of painting or drawing in monochrome.
Monochronic	Existing at the same time; contemporaneous.
Monociliated	Having but one cilium.
Monocle	An eyeglass for one eye.
Monoclinal	Having one oblique inclination; -- applied to strata that dip in only one direction from the axis of elevation.
Monocline	A monoclinal fold.
Monoclinic	Having one oblique intersection; -- said of that system of crystallization in which the vertical axis is inclined to one, but at right angles to the other, lateral axis. See Crystallization.
Monoclinous	Hermaphrodite, or having both stamens and pistils in every flower.
Monocondyla	A group of vertebrates, including the birds and reptiles, or those that have only one occipital condyle; the Sauropsida.
Monocotyl	Any monocotyledonous plant.
Monocotyle	Monocotyledonous.
Monocotyledon	A plant with only one cotyledon, or seed lobe.
Monocotyledonous	Having only one cotyledon, seed lobe, or seminal leaf.
Monocracy	Government by a single person; undivided rule.
Monocrat	One who governs alone.
Monocrotic	Of, pertaining to, or showing, monocrotism; as, a monocrotic pulse; a pulse of the monocrotic type.
Monocrotism	That condition of the pulse in which the pulse curve or sphygmogram shows but a single crest, the dicrotic elevation entirely disappearing.
Monocular	Having only one eye; with one eye only; as, monocular vision.
Monocular	Adapted to be used with only one eye at a time; as, a monocular microscope.
Monocule	A small crustacean with one median eye.
Monoculous	Monocular.
Monocystic	Of or pertaining to a division (Monocystidea) of Gregarinida, in which the body consists of one sac.
Monodactylous	Having but one finger or claw.
Monodelph	Alt. of Monodelphian
Monodelphian	One of the Monodelphia.
Monodelphia	The group that includes all ordinary or placental mammals; the Placentalia. See Mammalia.
Monodelphic	Alt. of Monodelphous
Monodelphous	Of or pertaining to the Monodelphia.
Monodic	Alt. of Monodical
Monodical	Belonging to a monody.
Monodical	For one voice; monophonic.
Monodical	Homophonic; -- applied to music in which the melody is confined to one part, instead of being shared by all the parts as in the style called polyphonic.
Monodimetric	Dimetric.
Monodist	A writer of a monody.
Monodrama	Alt. of Monodrame
Monodrame	A drama acted, or intended to be acted, by a single person.
Monodramatic	Pertaining to a monodrama.
Monodies	of Monody
Monody	A species of poem of a mournful character, in which a single mourner expresses lamentation; a song for one voice.
Monodynamic	Possessing but one capacity or power.
Monodynamism	The theory that the various forms of activity in nature are manifestations of the same force.
Monoecia	A Linnaean class of plants, whose stamens and pistils are in distinct flowers in the same plant.
Monoecian	Of or pertaining to the Monoecia; monoecious.
Monoecian	One of the Monoecia.
Monoecian	A monoecious animal, as certain mollusks.
Monoecious	Having the sexes united in one individual, as when male and female flowers grow upon the same individual plant; hermaphrodite; -- opposed to dioecious.
Monoecism	The state or condition of being monoecious.
Monogam	One of the Monogamia.
Monogamia	A Linnaean order of plants, having solitary flowers with united anthers, as in the genus Lobelia.
Monogamian	Alt. of Monogamic
Monogamic	Pertaining to, or involving, monogamy.
Monogamic	Of or pertaining to the Monogamia; having a simple flower with united anthers.
Monogamist	One who practices or upholds monogamy.
Monogamous	Upholding, or practicing, monogamy.
Monogamous	Same as Monogamian.
Monogamous	Mating with but one of the opposite sex; -- said of birds and mammals.
Monogamy	Single marriage; marriage with but one person, husband or wife, at the same time; -- opposed to polygamy. Also, one marriage only during life; -- opposed to deuterogamy.
Monogamy	State of being paired with a single mate.
Monogastric	Having but a single stomach.
Monogenesis	Oneness of origin; esp. (Biol.), development of all beings in the universe from a single cell; -- opposed to polygenesis. Called also monism.
Monogenesis	That form of reproduction which requires but one parent, as in reproduction by fission or in the formation of buds, etc., which drop off and form new individuals; asexual reproduction.
Monogenesis	The direct development of an embryo, without metamorphosis, into an organism similar to the parent organism; -- opposed to metagenesis.
Monogenetic	One in genesis; resulting from one process of formation; -- used of a mountain range.
Monogenetic	Relating to, or involving, monogenesis; as, the monogenetic school of physiologists, who admit but one cell as the source of all beings.
Monogenic	Of or pertaining to monogenesis.
Monogenic	Producing only one kind of germs, or young; developing only in one way.
Monogenism	The theory or doctrine that the human races have a common origin, or constitute a single species.
Monogenist	One who maintains that the human races are all of one species; -- opposed to polygenist.
Monogenistic	Monogenic.
Monogenous	Of or pertaining to monogenesis; as, monogenous, or asexual, reproduction.
Monogeny	Monogenesis.
Monogeny	The doctrine that the members of the human race have all a common origin.
Monogoneutic	Having but one brood in a season.
Monogram	A character or cipher composed of two or more letters interwoven or combined so as to represent a name, or a part of it (usually the initials). Monograms are often used on seals, ornamental pins, rings, buttons, and by painters, engravers, etc., to distinguish their works.
Monogram	A picture in lines; a sketch.
Monogram	An arbitrary sign for a word.
Monogrammal	See Monogrammic.
Monogrammatic	Monogrammic.
Monogrammic	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a monogram.
Monogrammous	Monogrammic.
Monograph	A written account or description of a single thing, or class of things; a special treatise on a particular subject of limited range.
Monographer	A writer of a monograph.
Monographic	Alt. of Monographical
Monographical	Of or pertaining to a monograph, or to a monography; as, a monographic writing; a monographic picture.
Monographist	One who writes a monograph.
Monographous	Monographic.
Monography	Representation by lines without color; an outline drawing.
Monography	A monograph.
Monogyn	One of the Monogynia.
Monogynia	A Linnaean order of plants, including those which have only one style or stigma.
Monogynian	Pertaining to the Monogynia; monogynous.
Monogynian	One of the Monogynia.
Monogynous	Of or pertaining to Monogynia; having only one style or stigma.
Monogyny	Marriage with the one woman only.
Monogyny	The state or condition of being monogynous.
Monohemerous	Lasting but one day.
Monoicous	Monoecious.
Monolatry	Worship of a single deity.
Monolith	A single stone, especially one of large size, shaped into a pillar, statue, or monument.
Monolithal	Monolithic.
Monolithic	Of or pertaining to a monolith; consisting of a single stone.
Monologist	One who soliloquizes; esp., one who monopolizes conversation in company.
Monologue	A speech uttered by a person alone; soliloquy; also, talk or discourse in company, in the strain of a soliloquy; as, an account in monologue.
Monologue	A dramatic composition for a single performer.
Monology	The habit of soliloquizing, or of monopolizing conversation.
Monomachia	Alt. of Monomachy
Monomachy	A duel; single combat.
Monomachist	One who fights in single combat; a duelist.
Monomane	A monomaniac.
Monomania	Derangement of the mind in regard of a single subject only; also, such a concentration of interest upon one particular subject or train of ideas to show mental derangement.
Monomaniac	A person affected by monomania.
Monomaniac	Alt. of Monomaniacal
Monomaniacal	Affected with monomania, or partial derangement of intellect; caused by, or resulting from, monomania; as, a monomaniacal delusion.
Monome	A monomial.
Monomerous	Composed of solitary parts, as a flower with one sepal, one petal, one stamen, and one pistil.
Monomerous	Having but one joint; -- said of the foot of certain insects.
Monometallic	Consisting of one metal; of or pertaining to monometallism.
Monometallism	The legalized use of one metal only, as gold, or silver, in the standard currency of a country, or as a standard of money values. See Bimetallism.
Monometallist	One who believes in monometallism as opposed to bimetallism, etc.
Monometer	A rhythmic series, consisting of a single meter.
Monometric	Same as Isometric.
Monomial	A single algebraic expression; that is, an expression unconnected with any other by the sign of addition, substraction, equality, or inequality.
Monomial	Consisting of but a single term or expression.
Monomorphic	Alt. of Monomorphous
Monomorphous	Having but a single form; retaining the same form throughout the various stages of development; of the same or of an essentially similar type of structure; -- opposed to dimorphic, trimorphic, and polymorphic.
Monomphalus	A form of double monster, in which two individuals are united by a common umbilicus.
Monomya	Alt. of Monomyaria
Monomyaria	An order of lamellibranchs having but one muscle for closing the shell, as the oyster.
Monomyarian	Alt. of Monomyary
Monomyary	Of or pertaining to the Monomya.
Monomyary	One of the Monomya.
Mononomial	Monomyal.
Monoousian	Alt. of Monoousious
Monoousious	Having but one and the same nature or essence.
Monopathy	Suffering or sensibility in a single organ or function.
Monopersonal	Having but one person, or form of existence.
Monopetalous	Having only one petal, or the corolla in one piece, or composed of petals cohering so as to form a tube or bowl; gamopetalous.
Monophanous	Having one and the same appearance; having a mutual resemblance.
Monophonic	Single-voiced; having but one part; as, a monophonic composition; -- opposed to polyphonic.
Monophthong	A single uncompounded vowel sound.
Monophthong	A combination of two written vowels pronounced as one; a digraph.
Monophthongal	Consisting of, or pertaining to, a monophthong.
Monophyletic	Of or pertaining to a single family or stock, or to development from a single common parent form; -- opposed to polyphyletic; as, monophyletic origin.
Monophyllous	One-leaved; composed of a single leaf; as, a monophyllous involucre or calyx.
Monophyodont	Having but one set of teeth; -- opposed to diphyodont.
Monophysite	One of a sect, in the ancient church, who maintained that the human and divine in Jesus Christ constituted but one composite nature. Also used adjectively.
Monophysitical	Of or pertaining to Monophysites, or their doctrines.
Monoplast	A monoplastic element.
Monoplastic	That has one form, or retains its primary form, as, a monoplastic element.
Monoplegia	Paralysis affecting a single limb.
Monopneumona	A suborder of Dipnoi, including the Ceratodus.
Monopode	One of a fabulous tribe or race of Ethiopians having but one leg and foot.
Monopode	A monopodium.
Monopodial	Having a monopodium or a single and continuous axis, as a birchen twig or a cornstalk.
Monopodia	of Monopodium
-ums	of Monopodium
Monopodium	A single and continuous vegetable axis; -- opposed to sympodium.
Monopody	A measure of but a single foot.
Monopoler	A monopolist.
Monopolist	One who monopolizes; one who has a monopoly; one who favors monopoly.
Monopolistic	Of or pertaining to a monopolist.
Monopolite	A monopolist.
Monopolized	of Monopolize
Monopolizing	of Monopolize
Monopolize	To acquire a monopoly of; to have or get the exclusive privilege or means of dealing in, or the exclusive possession of; to engross the whole of; as, to monopolize the coffee trade; to monopolize land.
Monopolizer	One who monopolizes.
Monopolies	of Monopoly
Monopoly	The exclusive power, or privilege of selling a commodity; the exclusive power, right, or privilege of dealing in some article, or of trading in some market; sole command of the traffic in anything, however obtained; as, the proprietor of a patented article is given a monopoly of its sale for a limited time; chartered trading companies have sometimes had a monopoly of trade with remote regions; a combination of traders may get a monopoly of a particular product.
Monopoly	Exclusive possession; as, a monopoly of land.
Monopoly	The commodity or other material thing to which the monopoly relates; as, tobacco is a monopoly in France.
Monopolylogue	An exhibition in which an actor sustains many characters.
Monopsychism	The doctrine that there is but one immortal soul or intellect with which all men are endowed.
Monopteral	Round and without a cella; consisting of a single ring of columns supporting a roof; -- said esp. of a temple.
Monoptera	of Monopteron
Monopteron	A circular temple consisting of a roof supported on columns, without a cella.
Monoptote	A noun having only one case.
Monoptote	A noun having only one ending for the oblique cases.
Monopyrenous	Having but a single stone or kernel.
Monorganic	Belonging to, or affecting, a single organ, or set of organs.
Monorhina	The Marsipobranchiata.
Monorhyme	A composition in verse, in which all the lines end with the same rhyme.
Monosepalous	Having only one sepal, or the calyx in one piece or composed of the sepals united into one piece; gamosepalous.
Monosperm	A monospermous plant.
Monospermal	Alt. of Monospermous
Monospermous	Having only one seed.
Monospherical	Consisting of one sphere only.
Monostich	A composition consisting of one verse only.
Monostichous	Arranged in a single row on one side of an axis, as the flowers in grasses of the tribe Chloridae.
Monostrophe	A metrical composition consisting of a single strophe.
Monostrophic	Having one strophe only; not varied in measure; written in unvaried measure.
Monosulphide	A sulphide containing one atom of sulphur, and analogous to a monoxide; -- contrasted with a polysulphide; as, galena is a monosulphide.
Monosulphuret	See Monosulphide.
Monosyllabic	Being a monosyllable, or composed of monosyllables; as, a monosyllabic word; a monosyllabic language.
Monosyllabism	The state of consisting of monosyllables, or having a monosyllabic form; frequent occurrence of monosyllables.
Monosyllable	A word of one syllable.
Monosyllabled	Formed into, or consisting of, monosyllables.
Monosymmetric	Alt. of Monosymmetrical
Monosymmetrical	Same as Monoclinic.
Monotessaron	A single narrative framed from the statements of the four evangelists; a gospel harmony.
Monothalama	A division of Foraminifera including those that have only one chamber.
Monothalaman	A foraminifer having but one chamber.
Monothalamous	One-chambered.
Monothalmic	Formed from one pistil; -- said of fruits.
Monothecal	Having a single loculament.
Monotheism	The doctrine or belief that there is but one God.
Monotheist	One who believes that there is but one God.
Monotheistic	Of or pertaining to monotheism.
Monothelism	Alt. of Monothelitism
Monothelitism	The doctrine of the Monothelites.
Monothelite	One of an ancient sect who held that Christ had but one will as he had but one nature.  Cf. Monophysite.
Monothelitic	Of or pertaining to the Monothelites, or their doctrine.
Monotocous	Bearing fruit but once; monocarpic.
Monotocous	Uniparous; laying a single egg.
Monotomous	Having a distinct cleavage in a single direction only.
Monotone	A single unvaried tone or sound.
Monotone	The utterance of successive syllables, words, or sentences, on one unvaried key or line of pitch.
Monotonic	Alt. of Monotonical
Monotonical	Of, pertaining to, or uttered in, a monotone; monotonous.
Monotonist	One who talks in the same strain or on the same subject until weariness is produced.
Monotonous	Uttered in one unvarying tone; continued with dull uniformity; characterized by monotony; without change or variety; wearisome.
Monotony	A frequent recurrence of the same tone or sound, producing a dull uniformity; absence of variety, as in speaking or singing.
Monotony	Any irksome sameness, or want of variety.
Monotremata	A subclass of Mammalia, having a cloaca in which the ducts of the urinary, genital, and alimentary systems terminate, as in birds. The female lays eggs like a bird. See Duck mole, under Duck, and Echidna.
Monotrematous	Of or pertaining to the Monotremata.
Monotreme	One of the Monotremata.
Monotriglyph	A kind of intercolumniation in an entablature, in which only one triglyph and two metopes are introduced.
Monotropa	A genus of parasitic or saprophytic plants including the Indian pipe and pine sap. The name alludes to the dropping end of the stem.
Monotype	Alt. of Monotypic
Monotypic	Having but one type; containing but one representative; as, a monotypic genus, which contains but one species.
Monovalent	Having a valence of one; univalent. See Univalent.
Monoxide	An oxide containing one atom of oxygen in each molecule; as, barium monoxide.
Monoxylon	A canoe or boat made from one piece of timber.
Monoxylous	Made of one piece of wood.
Monozoa	A division of Radiolaria; -- called also Monocyttaria.
Monroe doctrine	See under Doctrine.
Messeigneurs	of Monseigneur
Monseigneur	My lord; -- a title in France of a person of high birth or rank; as, Monseigneur the Prince, or Monseigneur the Archibishop. It was given, specifically, to the dauphin, before the Revolution of 1789. (Abbrev. Mgr.)
Monsel's salt	A basic sulphate of iron; -- so named from Monsel, a Frenchman.
Monsel's solution	An aqueous solution of Monsel's salt, having valuable styptic properties.
Messieurs	of Monsieur
Monsieur	The common title of civility in France in speaking to, or of, a man; Mr. or Sir.
MM.	of Monsieur
Messrs.	of Monsieur
Monsieur	The oldest brother of the king of France.
Monsieur	A Frenchman.
Monsignors	of Monsignore
Monsignore	My lord; -- an ecclesiastical dignity bestowed by the pope, entitling the bearer to social and domestic rank at the papal court. (Abbrev. Mgr.)
Monsoon	A wind blowing part of the year from one direction, alternating with a wind from the opposite direction; -- a term applied particularly to periodical winds of the Indian Ocean, which blow from the southwest from the latter part of May to the middle of September, and from the northeast from about the middle of October to the middle of December.
Monster	Something of unnatural size, shape, or quality; a prodigy; an enormity; a marvel.
Monster	Specifically , an animal or plant departing greatly from the usual type, as by having too many limbs.
Monster	Any thing or person of unnatural or excessive ugliness, deformity, wickedness, or cruelty.
Monster	Monstrous in size.
Monster	To make monstrous.
Monstrance	A transparent pyx, in which the consecrated host is exposed to view.
Monstration	The act of demonstrating; proof.
Monstrosities	of Monstrosity
Monstrosity	The state of being monstrous, or out of the common order of nature; that which is monstrous; a monster.
Monstrous	Marvelous; strange.
Monstrous	Having the qualities of a monster; deviating greatly from the natural form or character; abnormal; as, a monstrous birth.
Monstrous	Extraordinary in a way to excite wonder, dislike, apprehension, etc.; -- said of size, appearance, color, sound, etc.; as, a monstrous height; a monstrous ox; a monstrous story.
Monstrous	Extraordinary on account of ugliness, viciousness, or wickedness; hateful; horrible; dreadful.
Monstrous	Abounding in monsters.
Monstrous	Exceedingly; very; very much.
Monstrously	In a monstrous manner; unnaturally; extraordinarily; as, monstrously wicked.
Monstrousness	The state or quality of being monstrous, unusual, extraordinary.
Monstruosity	Monstrosity.
Monstruous	Monstrous.
Mont	Mountain.
Montaigne	A mountain.
Montanic	Of or pertaining to mountains; consisting of mountains.
Montanist	A follower of Mintanus, a Phrygian enthusiast of the second century, who claimed that the Holy Spirit, the Paraclete, dwelt in him, and employed him as an instrument for purifying and guiding men in the Christian life.
Montant	An upward thrust or blow.
Montant	An upright piece in any framework; a mullion or muntin; a stile.
Mont de piete	One of certain public pawnbroking establishments which originated in Italy in the 15th century, the object of which was to lend money at a low rate of interest to poor people in need; -- called also mount of piety. The institution has been adopted in other countries, as in Spain and France. See Lombard-house.
Monte	A favorite gambling game among Spaniards, played with dice or cards.
Monte-acid	An acid elevator, as a tube through which acid is forced to some height in a sulphuric acid manufactory.
Monteith	See Monteth.
Montem	A custom, formerly practiced by the scholars at Eton school, England, of going every third year, on Whittuesday, to a hillock near the Bath road, and exacting money from all passers-by, to support at the university the senior scholar of the school.
Montero	An ancient kind of cap worn by horsemen or huntsmen.
Monteth	Alt. of Monteith
Monteith	A vessel in which glasses are washed; -- so called from the name of the inventor.
Montgolfier	A balloon which ascends by the buoyancy of air heated by a fire; a fire balloon; -- so called from two brothers, Stephen and Joseph Montgolfier, of France, who first constructed and sent up a fire balloon.
Month	One of the twelve portions into which the year is divided; the twelfth part of a year, corresponding nearly to the length of a synodic revolution of the moon, -- whence the name. In popular use, a period of four weeks is often called a month.
Monthling	That which is a month old, or which lives for a month.
Monthly	Continued a month, or a performed in a month; as, the monthly revolution of the moon.
Monthly	Done, happening, payable, published, etc., once a month, or every month; as, a monthly visit; monthly charges; a monthly installment; a monthly magazine.
Monthlies	of Monthly
Monthly	A publication which appears regularly once a month.
Monthly	Once a month; in every month; as, the moon changes monthly.
Monthly	As if under the influence of the moon; in the manner of a lunatic.
Monticle	A little mount; a hillock; a small elevation or prominence.
Monticulate	Furnished with monticles or little elevations.
Monticule	See Monticle.
Monticulous	Monticulate.
Montiform	Resembling a mountain in form.
Montigenous	Produced on a mountain.
Montoir	A stone used in mounting a horse; a horse block.
Monton	A heap of ore; a mass undergoing the process of amalgamation.
Montross	See Matross.
Montrue	That on which anything is mounted; a setting; hence, a saddle horse.
Monument	Something which stands, or remains, to keep in remembrance what is past; a memorial.
Monument	A building, pillar, stone, or the like, erected to preserve the remembrance of a person, event, action, etc.; as, the Washington monument; the Bunker Hill monument. Also, a tomb, with memorial inscriptions.
Monument	A stone or other permanent object, serving to indicate a limit or to mark a boundary.
Monument	A saying, deed, or example, worthy of record.
Monumental	Of, pertaining to, or suitable for, a monument; as, a monumental inscription.
Monumental	Serving as a monument; memorial; preserving memory.
Monumentally	By way of memorial.
Monumentally	By means of monuments.
Monureid	Any one of a series of complex nitrogenous substances regarded as derived from one molecule of urea; as, alloxan is a monureid.
Moo	See Mo.
Mooed	of Moo
Mooing	of Moo
Moo	To make the noise of a cow; to low; -- child's word.
Moo	The lowing of a cow.
Mood	Manner; style; mode; logical form; musical style; manner of action or being. See Mode which is the preferable form).
Mood	Manner of conceiving and expressing action or being, as positive, possible, hypothetical, etc., without regard to other accidents, such as time, person, number, etc.; as, the indicative mood; the infinitive mood; the subjunctive mood. Same as Mode.
Mood	Temper of mind; temporary state of the mind in regard to passion or feeling; humor; as, a melancholy mood; a suppliant mood.
Mooder	Mother.
Moodily	In a moody manner.
Moodiness	The quality or state of being moody; specifically, liability to strange or violent moods.
Moodir	The governor of a province in Egypt, etc.
Moodish	Moody.
Moodishly	Moodily.
Moody	Subject to varying moods, especially to states of mind which are unamiable or depressed.
Moody	Hence: Out of humor; peevish; angry; fretful; also, abstracted and pensive; sad; gloomy; melancholy.
Moolah	Alt. of Moollah
Moollah	See Mollah.
Moolley	Same as Mulley.
Moon	The celestial orb which revolves round the earth; the satellite of the earth; a secondary planet, whose light, borrowed from the sun, is reflected to the earth, and serves to dispel the darkness of night. The diameter of the moon is 2,160 miles, its mean distance from the earth is 240,000 miles, and its mass is one eightieth that of the earth. See Lunar month, under Month.
Moon	A secondary planet, or satellite, revolving about any member of the solar system; as, the moons of Jupiter or Saturn.
Moon	The time occupied by the moon in making one revolution in her orbit; a month.
Moon	A crescentlike outwork. See Half-moon.
Mooned	of Moon
Mooning	of Moon
Moon	To expose to the rays of the moon.
Moon	To act if moonstruck; to wander or gaze about in an abstracted manner.
Moonbeam	A ray of light from the moon.
Moonblind	Dim-sighted; purblind.
Moonblink	A temporary blindness, or impairment of sight, said to be caused by sleeping in the moonlight; -- sometimes called nyctalopia.
Mooncalf	A monster; a false conception; a mass of fleshy matter, generated in the uterus.
Mooncalf	A dolt; a stupid fellow.
Moon-culminating	Culminating, or coming to the meredian, at or about the same time with the moon; -- said of a star or stars, esp. of certain stars selected beforehand, and named in an ephemeris (as the Nautical Almanac), as suitable to be observed in connection with the moon at culmination, for determining terrestrial longitude.
Mooned	Of or resembling the moon; symbolized by the moon.
Mooner	One who abstractedly wanders or gazes about, as if moonstruck.
Moonery	Conduct of one who moons.
Moonet	A little moon.
Moon-eye	A eye affected by the moon; also, a disease in the eye of a horse.
Moon-eye	Any species of American fresh-water fishes of the genus Hyodon, esp. H. tergisus of the Great Lakes and adjacent waters.
Moon-eye	The cisco.
Moon-eyed	Having eyes affected by the moon; moonblind; dim-eyed; purblind.
Moon-faced	Having a round, full face.
Moonfish	An American marine fish (Vomer setipennis); -- called also bluntnosed shiner, horsefish, and sunfish.
Moonfish	A broad, thin, silvery marine fish (Selene vomer); -- called also lookdown, and silver moonfish.
Moonfish	The mola. See Sunfish, 1.
Moonflower	The oxeye daisy; -- called also moon daisy.
Moonflower	A kind of morning glory (Ipomoea Bona-nox) with large white flowers opening at night.
Moong	Same as Mung.
Moonglade	The bright reflection of the moon's light on an expanse of water.
Moonie	The European goldcrest.
Moonish	Like the moon; variable.
Moonless	Being without a moon or moonlight.
Moonlight	The light of the moon.
Moonlight	Occurring during or by moonlight; characterized by moonlight.
Moonling	A simpleton; a lunatic.
Moonlit	Illumined by the moon.
Moonraker	Same as Moonsail.
Moonrise	The rising of the moon above the horizon; also, the time of its rising.
Moonsail	A sail sometimes carried in light winds, above a skysail.
Moonseed	A climbing plant of the genus Menispermum; -- so called from the crescentlike form of the seeds.
Moonset	The descent of the moon below the horizon; also, the time when the moon sets.
Moonshee	A Mohammedan professor or teacher of language.
Moonshine	The light of the moon.
Moonshine	Hence, show without substance or reality.
Moonshine	A month.
Moonshine	A preparation of eggs for food.
Moonshine	Moonlight.
Moonshiner	A person engaged in illicit distilling; -- so called because the work is largely done at night.
Moonshiny	Moonlight.
Moonstone	A nearly pellucid variety of feldspar, showing pearly or opaline reflections from within. It is used as a gem. The best specimens come from Ceylon.
Moonsticken	See Moonstruck.
Moonstruck	Mentally affected or deranged by the supposed influence of the moon; lunatic.
Moonstruck	Produced by the supposed influence of the moon.
Moonstruck	Made sick by the supposed influence of the moon, as a human being; made unsuitable for food, as fishes, by such supposed influence.
Moonwort	The herb lunary or honesty. See Honesty.
Moonwort	Any fern of the genus Botrychium, esp. B. Lunaria; -- so named from the crescent-shaped segments of its frond.
Moony	Of or pertaining to the moon.
Moony	Furnished with a moon; bearing a crescent.
Moony	Silly; weakly sentimental.
Moor	One of a mixed race inhabiting Morocco, Algeria, Tunis, and Tripoli, chiefly along the coast and in towns.
Moor	Any individual of the swarthy races of Africa or Asia which have adopted the Mohammedan religion.
Moor	An extensive waste covered with patches of heath, and having a poor, light soil, but sometimes marshy, and abounding in peat; a heath.
Moor	A game preserve consisting of moorland.
Moored	of Moor
Mooring	of Moor
Moor	To fix or secure, as a vessel, in a particular place by casting anchor, or by fastening with cables or chains; as, the vessel was moored in the stream; they moored the boat to the wharf.
Moor	Fig.: To secure, or fix firmly.
Moor	To cast anchor; to become fast.
Moorage	A place for mooring.
Moorball	A fresh-water alga (Cladophora Aegagropila) which forms a globular mass.
Moorband	See Moorpan.
Mooress	A female Moor; a Moorish woman.
Mooring	The act of confining a ship to a particular place, by means of anchors or fastenings.
Mooring	That which serves to confine a ship to a place, as anchors, cables, bridles, etc.
Mooring	The place or condition of a ship thus confined.
Moorish	Having the characteristics of a moor or heath.
Moorish	Of or pertaining to Morocco or the Moors; in the style of the Moors.
Moorland	Land consisting of a moor or moors.
Moorpan	A clayey layer or pan underlying some moors, etc.
Moorstone	A species of English granite, used as a building stone.
Mooruk	A species of cassowary (Casuarius Bennetti) found in New Britain, and noted for its agility in running and leaping. It is smaller and has stouter legs than the common cassowary. Its crest is biloted; the neck and breast are black; the back, rufous mixed with black; and the naked skin of the neck, blue.
Moory	Of or pertaining to moors; marshy; fenny; boggy; moorish.
Moory	A kind of blue cloth made in India.
Moose	A large cervine mammal (Alces machlis, or A. Americanus), native of the Northern United States and Canada. The adult male is about as large as a horse, and has very large, palmate antlers. It closely resembles the European elk, and by many zoologists is considered the same species. See Elk.
Moosewood	The striped maple (Acer Pennsylvanicum).
Moosewood	Leatherwood.
Moot	See 1st Mot.
Moot	A ring for gauging wooden pins.
Mooted	of Moot
Mooting	of Moot
Moot	To argue for and against; to debate; to discuss; to propose for discussion.
Moot	Specifically: To discuss by way of exercise; to argue for practice; to propound and discuss in a mock court.
Moot	To argue or plead in a supposed case.
Moot	A meeting for discussion and deliberation; esp., a meeting of the people of a village or district, in Anglo-Saxon times, for the discussion and settlement of matters of common interest; -- usually in composition; as, folk-moot.
Moot	A discussion or debate; especially, a discussion of fictitious causes by way of practice.
Moot	Subject, or open, to argument or discussion; undecided; debatable; mooted.
Mootable	Capable of being mooted.
Mooter	A disputer of a mooted case.
Moot-hall	Alt. of Moot-house
Moot-house	A hall for public meetings; a hall of judgment.
Moot-hill	A hill of meeting or council; an elevated place in the open air where public assemblies or courts were held by the Saxons; -- called, in Scotland, mute-hill.
Mootmen	of Mootman
Mootman	One who argued moot cases in the inns of court.
Mop	A made-up face; a grimace.
Mop	To make a wry mouth.
Mop	An implement for washing floors, or the like, made of a piece of cloth, or a collection of thrums, or coarse yarn, fastened to a handle.
Mop	A fair where servants are hired.
Mop	The young of any animal; also, a young girl; a moppet.
Mopped	of Mop
Mopping	of Mop
Mop	To rub or wipe with a mop, or as with a mop; as, to mop a floor; to mop one's face with a handkerchief.
Mopboard	A narrow board nailed against the wall of a room next to the floor; skirting board; baseboard. See Baseboard.
Moped	of Mope
Moping	of Mope
Mope	To be dull and spiritless.
Mope	To make spiritless and stupid.
Mope	A dull, spiritless person.
Mope-eyed	Shortsighted; purblind.
Mopeful	Mopish.
Mopish	Dull; spiritless; dejected.
Moplah	One of a class of Mohammedans in Malabar.
Moppet	A rag baby; a puppet made of cloth; hence, also, in fondness, a little girl, or a woman.
Moppet	A long-haired pet dog.
Mopsey	Alt. of Mopsy
Mopsy	A moppet.
Mopsy	A slatternly, untidy woman.
Mopsical	Shortsighted; mope-eyed.
Mopstick	The long handle of a mop.
Mopus	A mope; a drone.
Moquette	A kind of carpet having a short velvety pile.
Mora	A game of guessing the number of fingers extended in a quick movement of the hand, -- much played by Italians of the lower classes.
Mora	A leguminous tree of Guiana and Trinidad (Dimorphandra excelsa); also, its timber, used in shipbuilding and making furniture.
Mora	Delay; esp., culpable delay; postponement.
Moraine	An accumulation of earth and stones carried forward and deposited by a glacier.
Morainic	Of or pertaining to a moranie.
Moral	Relating to duty or obligation; pertaining to those intentions and actions of which right and wrong, virtue and vice, are predicated, or to the rules by which such intentions and actions ought to be directed; relating to the practice, manners, or conduct of men as social beings in relation to each other, as respects right and wrong, so far as they are properly subject to rules.
Moral	Conformed to accepted rules of right; acting in conformity with such rules; virtuous; just; as, a moral man. Used sometimes in distinction from religious; as, a moral rather than a religious life.
Moral	Capable of right and wrong action or of being governed by a sense of right; subject to the law of duty.
Moral	Acting upon or through one's moral nature or sense of right, or suited to act in such a manner; as, a moral arguments; moral considerations. Sometimes opposed to material and physical; as, moral pressure or support.
Moral	Supported by reason or probability; practically sufficient; -- opposed to legal or demonstrable; as, a moral evidence; a moral certainty.
Moral	Serving to teach or convey a moral; as, a moral lesson; moral tales.
Moral	The doctrine or practice of the duties of life; manner of living as regards right and wrong; conduct; behavior; -- usually in the plural.
Moral	The inner meaning or significance of a fable, a narrative, an occurrence, an experience, etc.; the practical lesson which anything is designed or fitted to teach; the doctrine meant to be inculcated by a fiction; a maxim.
Moral	A morality play. See Morality, 5.
Moral	To moralize.
Morale	The moral condition, or the condition in other respects, so far as it is affected by, or dependent upon, moral considerations, such as zeal, spirit, hope, and confidence; mental state, as of a body of men, an army, and the like.
Moraler	A moralizer.
Moralism	A maxim or saying embodying a moral truth.
Moralist	One who moralizes; one who teaches or animadverts upon the duties of life; a writer of essays intended to correct vice and inculcate moral duties.
Moralist	One who practices moral duties; a person who lives in conformity with moral rules; one of correct deportment and dealings with his fellow-creatures; -- sometimes used in contradistinction to one whose life is controlled by religious motives.
Moralities	of Morality
Morality	The relation of conformity or nonconformity to the moral standard or rule; quality of an intention, a character, an action, a principle, or a sentiment, when tried by the standard of right.
Morality	The quality of an action which renders it good; the conformity of an act to the accepted standard of right.
Morality	The doctrines or rules of moral duties, or the duties of men in their social character; ethics.
Morality	The practice of the moral duties; rectitude of life; conformity to the standard of right; virtue; as, we often admire the politeness of men whose morality we question.
Morality	A kind of allegorical play, so termed because it consisted of discourses in praise of morality between actors representing such characters as Charity, Faith, Death, Vice, etc. Such plays were occasionally exhibited as late as the reign of Henry VIII.
Morality	Intent; meaning; moral.
Moralization	The act of moralizing; moral reflections or discourse.
Moralization	Explanation in a moral sense.
Moralized	of Moralize
Moralizing	of Moralize
Moralize	To apply to a moral purpose; to explain in a moral sense; to draw a moral from.
Moralize	To furnish with moral lessons, teachings, or examples; to lend a moral to.
Moralize	To render moral; to correct the morals of.
Moralize	To give a moral quality to; to affect the moral quality of, either for better or worse.
Moralize	To make moral reflections; to regard acts and events as involving a moral.
Moralizer	One who moralizes.
Morally	In a moral or ethical sense; according to the rules of morality.
Morally	According to moral rules; virtuously.
Morally	In moral qualities; in disposition and character; as, one who physically and morally endures hardships.
Morally	In a manner calculated to serve as the basis of action; according to the usual course of things and human judgment; according to reason and probability.
Morass	A tract of soft, wet ground; a marsh; a fen.
morassy	Marshy; fenny.
Morate	A salt of moric acid.
Moration	A delaying tarrying; delay.
Moravian	Of or pertaining to Moravia, or to the United Brethren. See Moravian, n.
Moravian	One of a religious sect called the United Brethren (an offshoot of the Hussites in Bohemia), which formed a separate church of Moravia, a northern district of Austria, about the middle of the 15th century. After being nearly extirpated by persecution, the society, under the name of The Renewed Church of the United Brethren, was reestablished in 1722-35 on the estates of Count Zinzendorf in Saxony. Called also Herrnhuter.
Moravianism	The religious system of the Moravians.
Moray	A muraena.
Morbid	Not sound and healthful; induced by a diseased or abnormal condition; diseased; sickly; as, morbid humors; a morbid constitution; a morbid state of the juices of a plant.
Morbid	Of or pertaining to disease or diseased parts; as, morbid anatomy.
Morbidezza	Delicacy or softness in the representation of flesh.
Morbidezza	A term used as a direction in execution, signifying, with extreme delicacy.
Morbidity	The quality or state of being morbid.
Morbidity	Morbid quality; disease; sickness.
Morbidity	Amount of disease; sick rate.
Morbidly	In a morbid manner.
Morbidness	The quality or state of being morbid; morbidity.
Morbific	Alt. of Morbifical
Morbifical	Causing disease; generating a sickly state; as, a morbific matter.
Morbillous	Pertaining to the measles; partaking of the nature of measels, or resembling the eruptions of that disease; measly.
Morbose	Proceeding from disease; morbid; unhealthy.
Morbosity	A diseased state; unhealthiness.
Morceau	A bit; a morsel.
Mordacious	Biting; given to biting; hence, figuratively, sarcastic; severe; scathing.
Mordacity	The quality of being mordacious; biting severity, or sarcastic quality.
Mordant	Biting; caustic; sarcastic; keen; severe.
Mordant	Serving to fix colors.
Mordant	Any corroding substance used in etching.
Mordant	Any substance, as alum or copperas, which, having a twofold attraction for organic fibers and coloring matter, serves as a bond of union, and thus gives fixity to, or bites in, the dyes.
Mordant	Any sticky matter by which the gold leaf is made to adhere.
Mordanted	of Mordant
Mordanting	of Mordant
Mordant	To subject to the action of, or imbue with, a mordant; as, to mordant goods for dyeing.
Mordantly	In the manner of a mordant.
Mordente	An embellishment resembling a trill.
Mordicancy	A biting quality; corrosiveness.
Mordicant	Biting; acrid; as, the mordicant quality of a body.
Mordication	The act of biting or corroding; corrosion.
Mordicative	Biting; corrosive.
More	A hill.
More	A root.
More	Greater; superior; increased
More	Greater in quality, amount, degree, quality, and the like; with the singular.
More	Greater in number; exceeding in numbers; -- with the plural.
More	Additional; other; as, he wept because there were no more words to conquer.
More	A greater quantity, amount, or number; that which exceeds or surpasses in any way what it is compared with.
More	That which is in addition; something other and further; an additional or greater amount.
More	In a greater quantity; in or to a greater extent or degree.
More	With a verb or participle.
More	With an adjective or adverb (instead of the suffix -er) to form the comparative degree; as, more durable; more active; more sweetly.
More	In addition; further; besides; again.
More	To make more; to increase.
Moreen	A thick woolen fabric, watered or with embossed figures; -- used in upholstery, for curtains, etc.
Morel	An edible fungus (Morchella esculenta), the upper part of which is covered with a reticulated and pitted hymenium. It is used as food, and for flavoring sauces.
Morel	Nightshade; -- so called from its blackish purple berries.
Morel	A kind of cherry. See Morello.
Moreland	Moorland.
Morelle	Nightshade. See 2d Morel.
Morello	A kind of nearly black cherry with dark red flesh and juice, -- used chiefly for preserving.
Morendo	Dying; a gradual decrescendo at the end of a strain or cadence.
Moreness	Greatness.
Moreover	Beyond what has been said; further; besides; in addition; furthermore; also; likewise.
Morepork	The Australian crested goatsucker (Aegotheles Novae-Hollandiae). Also applied to other allied birds, as Podargus Cuveiri.
Moresk	Moresque.
Moresque	Of or pertaining to, or in the manner or style of, the Moors; Moorish.
Moresque	The Moresque style of architecture or decoration. See Moorish architecture, under Moorish.
Morganatic	Pertaining to, in the manner of, or designating, a kind of marriage, called also left-handed marriage, between a man of superior rank and a woman of inferior, in which it is stipulated that neither the latter nor her children shall enjoy the rank or inherit the possessions of her husband.
Morgay	The European small-spotted dogfish, or houndfish. See the Note under Houndfish.
Morglay	A sword.
Morgue	A place where the bodies of persons found dead are exposed, that they may be identified, or claimed by their friends; a deadhouse.
Moria	Idiocy; imbecility; fatuity; foolishness.
Morian	A Moor.
Moribund	In a dying state; dying; at the point of death.
Moribund	A dying person.
Moric	Pertaining to, or derived from, fustic (see Morin); as, moric acid.
Morice	See Morisco.
Morigerate	Obedient.
Morigeration	Obsequiousness; obedience.
Morigerous	Obedient; obsequious.
Moril	An edible fungus. Same as 1st Morel.
Morin	A yellow crystalline substance of acid properties extracted from fustic (Maclura tinctoria, formerly called Morus tinctoria); -- called also moric acid.
Morinda	A genus of rubiaceous trees and shrubs, mostly East Indian, many species of which yield valuable red and yellow dyes. The wood is hard and beautiful, and used for gunstocks.
Morindin	A yellow dyestuff extracted from the root bark of an East Indian plant (Morinda citrifolia).
Morinel	The dotterel.
Moringa	A genus of trees of Southern India and Northern Africa. One species (Moringa pterygosperma) is the horse-radish tree, and its seeds, as well as those of M. aptera, are known in commerce as ben or ben nuts, and yield the oil called oil of ben.
Moringic	Designating an organic acid obtained from oil of ben. See Moringa.
Morintannic	Pertaining to, or designating, a variety of tannic acid extracted from fustic (Maclura, formerly Morus, tinctoria) as a yellow crystalline substance; -- called also maclurin.
Morion	A kind of open helmet, without visor or beaver, and somewhat resembling a hat.
Morion	A dark variety of smoky quartz.
Morioplasty	The restoration of lost parts of the body.
Morisco	Moresque.
Morisco	A thing of Moorish origin; as: (a) The Moorish language. (b) A Moorish dance, now called morris dance. Marston. (c) One who dances the Moorish dance. Shak. (d) Moresque decoration or architecture.
Morisk	Same as Morisco.
Morkin	A beast that has died of disease or by mischance.
Morland	Moorland.
Morling	Mortling.
Mormal	A bad sore; a gangrene; a cancer.
Mormo	A bugbear; false terror.
Mormon	A genus of sea birds, having a large, thick bill; the puffin.
Mormon	The mandrill.
Mormon	One of a sect in the United States, followers of Joseph Smith, who professed to have found an addition to the Bible, engraved on golden plates, called the Book of Mormon, first published in 1830. The Mormons believe in polygamy, and their hierarchy of apostles, etc., has control of civil and religious matters.
Mormon	Of or pertaining to the Mormons; as, the Mormon religion; Mormon practices.
Mormondom	The country inhabited by the Mormons; the Mormon people.
Mormonism	The doctrine, system, and practices of the Mormons.
Mormonite	A Mormon.
Mormonite	Mormon.
Morn	The first part of the day; the morning; -- used chiefly in poetry.
Morne	Of or pertaining to the morn; morning.
Morne	A ring fitted upon the head of a lance to prevent wounding an adversary in tilting.
Morne	Without teeth, tongue, or claws; -- said of a lion represented heraldically.
Morne	The first or early part of the day, variously understood as the earliest hours of light, the time near sunrise; the time from midnight to noon, from rising to noon, etc.
Morne	The first or early part; as, the morning of life.
Morne	The goddess Aurora.
Morning	Pertaining to the first part or early part of the day; being in the early part of the day; as, morning dew; morning light; morning service.
Morning-glory	A climbing plant (Ipomoea purpurea) having handsome, funnel-shaped flowers, usually red, pink, purple, white, or variegated, sometimes pale blue. See Dextrorsal.
Morningtide	Morning time.
Mornward	Towards the morn.
Moro	A small abscess or tumor having a resemblance to a mulberry.
Moroccan	Of or pertaining to Morocco, or its inhabitants.
Morocco	A fine kind of leather, prepared commonly from goatskin (though an inferior kind is made of sheepskin), and tanned with sumac and dyed of various colors; -- said to have been first made by the Moors.
Morology	Foolish talk; nonsense; folly.
Morone	Maroon; the color of an unripe black mulberry.
Morosaurus	An extinct genus of large herbivorous dinosaurs, found in Jurassic strata in America.
Morose	Of a sour temper; sullen and austere; ill-humored; severe.
Morose	Lascivious; brooding over evil thoughts.
Morosely	Sourly; with sullen austerity.
Moroseness	Sourness of temper; sulenness.
Morosis	Idiocy; fatuity; stupidity.
Morosity	Moroseness.
Moroshop	A philosophical or learned fool.
Morosous	Morose.
Moroxite	A variety of apatite of a greenish blue color.
Moroxylate	A morate.
Moroxylic	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, the mulberry; moric.
Morphean	Of or relating to Morpheus, to dreams, or to sleep.
Morpheus	The god of dreams.
Morphew	A scurfy eruption.
Morphew	To cover with a morphew.
Morphia	Morphine.
Morphine	A bitter white crystalline alkaloid found in opium, possessing strong narcotic properties, and much used as an anodyne; -- called also morphia, and morphina.
Morphinism	A morbid condition produced by the excessive or prolonged use of morphine.
Morpho	Any one of numerous species of large, handsome, tropical American butterflies, of the genus Morpho. They are noted for the very brilliant metallic luster and bright colors (often blue) of the upper surface of the wings. The lower surface is usually brown or gray, with eyelike spots.
Morphogeny	History of the evolution of forms; that part of ontogeny that deals with the germ history of forms; -- distinguished from physiogeny.
Morphologic	Alt. of Morphological
Morphological	Of, pertaining to, or according to, the principles of morphology.
Morphologist	One who is versed in the science of morphology.
Morphology	That branch of biology which deals with the structure of animals and plants, treating of the forms of organs and describing their varieties, homologies, and metamorphoses. See Tectology, and Promorphology.
Morphon	A morphological individual, characterized by definiteness of form bion, a physiological individual. See Tectology.
Morphonomy	The laws of organic formation.
Morphophyly	The tribal history of forms; that part of phylogeny which treats of the tribal history of forms, in distinction from the tribal history of functions.
Morphosis	The order or mode of development of an organ or part.
Morphotic	Connected with, or becoming an integral part of, a living unit or of the morphological framework; as, morphotic, or tissue, proteids.
-morphous	A combining form denoting form, shape; as, isomorphous.
Morpion	A louse.
Morrice	Same as 1st Morris.
Morrice	Dancing the morrice; dancing.
Morricer	A morris dancer.
Morrimal	See Mormal.
Morris	A Moorish dance, usually performed by a single dancer, who accompanies the dance with castanets.
Morris	A dance formerly common in England, often performed in pagenats, processions, and May games. The dancers, grotesquely dressed and ornamented, took the parts of Robin Hood, Maidmarian, and other fictious characters.
Morris	An old game played with counters, or men, which are placed angles of a figure drawn on a board or on the ground; also, the board or ground on which the game is played.
Morris	A marine fish having a very slender, flat, transparent body. It is now generally believed to be the young of the conger eel or some allied fish.
Morris-pike	A Moorish pike.
Morrot	See Marrot.
Morrow	Morning.
Morrow	The next following day; the day subsequent to any day specified or understood.
Morrow	The day following the present; to-morrow.
Morse	The walrus. See Walrus.
Morse	A clasp for fastening garments in front.
Morse alphabet	A telegraphic alphabet in very general use, inventing by Samuel F.B.Morse, the inventor of Morse's telegraph. The letters are represented by dots and dashes impressed or printed on paper, as, .- (A), - . . . (B), -.. (D), . (E), .. (O), . . . (R), -- (T), etc., or by sounds, flashes of light, etc., with greater or less intervals between them.
Morsel	A little bite or bit of food.
Morsel	A small quantity; a little piece; a fragment.
Morsing horn	A horn or flask for holding powder, as for priming.
Morsitation	The act of biting or gnawing.
Morsure	The act of biting.
Mort	A great quantity or number.
Mort	A woman; a female.
Mort	A salmon in its third year.
Mort	Death; esp., the death of game in the chase.
Mort	A note or series of notes sounded on a horn at the death of game.
Mort	The skin of a sheep or lamb that has died of disease.
Mortal	Subject to death; destined to die; as, man is mortal.
Mortal	Destructive to life; causing or occasioning death; terminating life; exposing to or deserving death; deadly; as, a mortal wound; a mortal sin.
Mortal	Fatally vulnerable; vital.
Mortal	Of or pertaining to the time of death.
Mortal	Affecting as if with power to kill; deathly.
Mortal	Human; belonging to man, who is mortal; as, mortal wit or knowledge; mortal power.
Mortal	Very painful or tedious; wearisome; as, a sermon lasting two mortal hours.
Mortal	A being subject to death; a human being; man.
Mortality	The condition or quality of being mortal; subjection to death or to the necessity of dying.
Mortality	Human life; the life of a mortal being.
Mortality	Those who are, or that which is, mortal; the human cace; humanity; human nature.
Mortality	Death; destruction.
Mortality	The whole sum or number of deaths in a given time or a given community; also, the proportion of deaths to population, or to a specific number of the population; death rate; as, a time of great, or low, mortality; the mortality among the settlers was alarming.
Mortalized	of Mortalize
Mortalizing	of Mortalize
Mortalize	To make mortal.
Mortally	In a mortal manner; so as to cause death; as, mortally wounded.
Mortally	In the manner of a mortal or of mortal beings.
Mortally	In an extreme degree; to the point of dying or causing death; desperately; as, mortally jealous.
Mortalness	Quality of being mortal; mortality.
Mortar	A strong vessel, commonly in form of an inverted bell, in which substances are pounded or rubbed with a pestle.
Mortar	A short piece of ordnance, used for throwing bombs, carcasses, shells, etc., at high angles of elevation, as 45¡, and even higher; -- so named from its resemblance in shape to the utensil above described.
Mortar	A building material made by mixing lime, cement, or plaster of Paris, with sand, water, and sometimes other materials; -- used in masonry for joining stones, bricks, etc., also for plastering, and in other ways.
Mortar	To plaster or make fast with mortar.
Mortar	A chamber lamp or light.
Mortgage	A conveyance of property, upon condition, as security for the payment of a debt or the preformance of a duty, and to become void upon payment or performance according to the stipulated terms; also, the written instrument by which the conveyance is made.
Mortgage	State of being pledged; as, lands given in mortgage.
Mortgaged	of Mortgage
Mortgaging	of Mortgage
Mortgage	To grant or convey, as property, for the security of a debt, or other engagement, upon a condition that if the debt or engagement shall be discharged according to the contract, the conveyance shall be void, otherwise to become absolute, subject, however, to the right of redemption.
Mortgage	Hence: To pledge, either literally or figuratively; to make subject to a claim or obligation.
Mortgagee	The person to whom property is mortgaged, or to whom a mortgage is made or given.
Mortgageor	Alt. of Mortgagor
Mortgagor	One who gives a mortgage.
Mortgager	gives a mortgage.
Mortiferous	Bringing or producing death; deadly; destructive; as, a mortiferous herb.
Mortification	The act of mortifying, or the condition of being mortified
Mortification	The death of one part of an animal body, while the rest continues to live; loss of vitality in some part of a living animal; gangrene.
Mortification	Destruction of active qualities; neutralization.
Mortification	Subjection of the passions and appetites, by penance, absistence, or painful severities inflicted on the body.
Mortification	Hence: Deprivation or depression of self-approval; abatement or pride; humiliation; chagrin; vexation.
Mortification	That which mortifies; the cause of humiliation, chagrin, or vexation.
Mortification	A gift to some charitable or religious institution; -- nearly synonymous with mortmain.
Mortified	imp. & p. p. of Mortify.
Mortifiedness	The state of being mortified; humiliation; subjection of the passions.
Mortifier	One who, or that which, mortifies.
Mortified	of Mortify
Mortifying	of Mortify
Mortify	To destroy the organic texture and vital functions of; to produce gangrene in.
Mortify	To destroy the active powers or essential qualities of; to change by chemical action.
Mortify	To deaden by religious or other discipline, as the carnal affections, bodily appetites, or worldly desires; to bring into subjection; to abase; to humble.
Mortify	To affect with vexation, chagrin, or humiliation; to humble; to depress.
Mortify	To lose vitality and organic structure, as flesh of a living body; to gangrene.
Mortify	To practice penance from religious motives; to deaden desires by religious discipline.
Mortify	To be subdued; to decay, as appetites, desires, etc.
Mortifying	Tending to mortify; affected by, or having symptoms of, mortification; as, a mortifying wound; mortifying flesh.
Mortifying	Subduing the appetites, desires, etc.; as, mortifying penances.
Mortifying	Tending to humble or abase; humiliating; as, a mortifying repulse.
Mortifyingly	In a mortifying manner.
Mortise	A cavity cut into a piece of timber, or other material, to receive something (as the end of another piece) made to fit it, and called a tenon.
Mortised	of Mortise
Mortising	of Mortise
Mortise	To cut or make a mortisein.
Mortise	To join or fasten by a tenon and mortise; as, to mortise a beam into a post, or a joist into a girder.
Mortling	An animal, as a sheep, dead of disease or privation; a mortling.
Mortling	Wool plucked from a dead sheep; morling.
Mortmain	Possession of lands or tenements in, or conveyance to, dead hands, or hands that cannot alienate.
Mortmal	See Mormal.
Mortpay	Dead pay; the crime of taking pay for the service of dead soldiers, or for services not actually rendered by soldiers.
Mortress	Alt. of Mortrew
Mortrew	A dish of meats and other ingredients, cooked together; an ollapodrida.
Mortuaries	of Mortuary
Mortuary	A sort of ecclesiastical heriot, a customary gift claimed by, and due to, the minister of a parish on the death of a parishioner. It seems to have been originally a voluntary bequest or donation, intended to make amends for any failure in the payment of tithes of which the deceased had been guilty.
Mortuary	A burial place; a place for the dead.
Mortuary	A place for the reception of the dead before burial; a deadhouse; a morgue.
Mortuary	Of or pertaining to the dead; as, mortuary monuments.
Morulae	of Morula
Morula	The sphere or globular mass of cells (blastomeres), formed by the clevage of the ovum or egg in the first stages of its development; -- called also mulberry mass, segmentation sphere, and blastosphere. See Segmentation.
Morulation	The process of cleavage, or segmentation, of the ovum, by which a morula is formed.
Morus	A genus of trees, some species of which produce edible fruit; the mulberry. See Mulberry.
Morwe	See Morrow.
Morwening	Morning.
Mosaic	A surface decoration made by inlaying in patterns small pieces of variously colored glass, stone, or other material; -- called also mosaic work.
Mosaic	A picture or design made in mosaic; an article decorated in mosaic.
Mosaic	Of or pertaining to the style of work called mosaic; formed by uniting pieces of different colors; variegated; tessellated; also, composed of various materials or ingredients.
Mosaic	Of or pertaining to Moses, the leader of the Israelites, or established through his agency; as, the Mosaic law, rites, or institutions.
Mosaical	Mosaic (in either sense).
Mosaically	In the manner of a mosaic.
Mosaism	Attachment to the system or doctrines of Moses; that which is peculiar to the Mosaic system or doctrines.
Mosasaur	Alt. of Mosasaurian
Mosasaurian	One of an extinct order of reptiles, including Mosasaurus and allied genera. See Mosasauria.
Mosasauria	An order of large, extinct, marine reptiles, found in the Cretaceous rocks, especially in America. They were serpentlike in form and in having loosely articulated and dilatable jaws, with large recurved tteth, but they had paddlelike feet. Some of them were over fifty feet long. They are, essentially, fossil sea serpents with paddles. Called also Pythonomarpha, and Mosasauria.
Mosasaurus	A genus of extinct marine reptiles allied to the lizards, but having the body much elongated, and the limbs in the form of paddles. The first known species, nearly fifty feet in length, was discovered in Cretaceous beds near Maestricht, in the Netherlands.
Moschatel	A plant of the genus Adoxa (A. moschatellina), the flowers of which are pale green, and have a faint musky smell. It is found in woods in all parts of Europe, and is called also hollow root and musk crowfoot.
Moschine	Of or pertaining to Moschus, a genus including the musk deer.
Mosel	See Muzzle.
Moselle	A light wine, usually white, produced in the vicinity of the river Moselle.
Moses	A large flatboat, used in the West Indies for taking freight from shore to ship.
Mosk	See Mosque.
Moslems	of Moslem
Moslem	of Moslem
Moslem	A Mussulman; an orthodox Mohammedan. [Written also muslim.]
Moslem	Of or pertaining to the Mohammedans; Mohammedan; as, Moslem lands; the Moslem faith.
Moslings	Thin shreds of leather shaved off in dressing skins.
Mososaurus	Same as Mosasaurus.
Mosque	A Mohammedan church or place of religious worship.
Mosquitoes	of Mosquito
Mosquito	Any one of various species of gnats of the genus Culex and allied genera. The females have a proboscis containing, within the sheathlike labium, six fine, sharp, needlelike organs with which they puncture the skin of man and animals to suck the blood. These bites, when numerous, cause, in many persons, considerable irritation and swelling, with some pain. The larvae and pupae, called wigglers, are aquatic.
Moss	A cryptogamous plant of a cellular structure, with distinct stem and simple leaves. The fruit is a small capsule usually opening by an apical lid, and so discharging the spores. There are many species, collectively termed Musci, growing on the earth, on rocks, and trunks of trees, etc., and a few in running water.
Moss	A bog; a morass; a place containing peat; as, the mosses of the Scottish border.
Mossed	of Moss
Mossing	of Moss
Moss	To cover or overgrow with moss.
Mossback	A veteran partisan; one who is so conservative in opinion that he may be likened to a stone or old tree covered with moss.
Mossbanker	Alt. of Mossbunker
Mossbunker	The menhaded.
Moss-grown	Overgrown with moss.
Mossiness	The state of being mossy.
Mosstrooper	One of a class of marauders or bandits that formerly infested the border country between England and Scotland; -- so called in allusion to the mossy or boggy character of much of the border country.
Mossy	Overgrown with moss; abounding with or edged with moss; as, mossy trees; mossy streams.
Mossy	Resembling moss; as, mossy green.
Most	Consisting of the greatest number or quantity; greater in number or quantity than all the rest; nearly all.
Most	Greatest in degree; as, he has the most need of it.
Most	Highest in rank; greatest.
Most	In the greatest or highest degree.
Mostahiba	See Mustaiba.
Moste	imp. of Mote.
Mostic	Alt. of Mostick
Mostick	A painter's maul-stick.
Mostly	For the greatest part; for the most part; chiefly; in the main.
Mostra	See Direct, n.
Mostwhat	For the most part.
Mot	of Mot
Mote	of Mot
Moot	of Mot
Mot	of Mot
Mote	of Mot
Moote	of Mot
Mote	of Mot
Moste	of Mot
Mot	May; must; might.
Mot	A word; hence, a motto; a device.
Mot	A pithy or witty saying; a witticism.
Mot	A note or brief strain on a bugle.
Motacil	Any singing bird of the genus Motacilla; a wagtail.
Motation	The act of moving; motion.
Mote	See 1st Mot.
Mote	A meeting of persons for discussion; as, a wardmote in the city of London.
Mote	A body of persons who meet for discussion, esp. about the management of affairs; as, a folkmote.
Mote	A place of meeting for discussion.
Mote	The flourish sounded on a horn by a huntsman. See Mot, n., 3, and Mort.
Mote	A small particle, as of floating dust; anything proverbially small; a speck.
Moted	Filled with motes, or fine floating dust; as, the air.
Motet	A composition adapted to sacred words in the elaborate polyphonic church style; an anthem.
Moth	A mote.
Moths	of Moth
Moth	Any nocturnal lepidopterous insect, or any not included among the butterflies; as, the luna moth; Io moth; hawk moth.
Moth	Any lepidopterous insect that feeds upon garments, grain, etc.; as, the clothes moth; grain moth; bee moth. See these terms under Clothes, Grain, etc.
Moth	Any one of various other insects that destroy woolen and fur goods, etc., esp. the larvae of several species of beetles of the genera Dermestes and Anthrenus. Carpet moths are often the larvae of Anthrenus. See Carpet beetle, under Carpet, Dermestes, Anthrenus.
Moth	Anything which gradually and silently eats, consumes, or wastes any other thing.
Moth-eat	To eat or prey upon, as a moth eats a garment.
Mothen	Full of moths.
Mother	A female parent; especially, one of the human race; a woman who has borne a child.
Mother	That which has produced or nurtured anything; source of birth or origin; generatrix.
Mother	An old woman or matron.
Mother	The female superior or head of a religious house, as an abbess, etc.
Mother	Hysterical passion; hysteria.
Mother	Received by birth or from ancestors; native, natural; as, mother language; also acting the part, or having the place of a mother; producing others; originating.
Mothered	of Mother
Mothering	of Mother
Mother	To adopt as a son or daughter; to perform the duties of a mother to.
Mother	A film or membrane which is developed on the surface of fermented alcoholic liquids, such as vinegar, wine, etc., and acts as a means of conveying the oxygen of the air to the alcohol and other combustible principles of the liquid, thus leading to their oxidation.
Mother	To become like, or full of, mother, or thick matter, as vinegar.
Mothered	Thick, like mother; viscid.
Motherhood	The state of being a mother; the character or office of a mother.
Mothering	A rural custom in England, of visiting one's parents on Midlent Sunday, -- supposed to have been originally visiting the mother church to make offerings at the high altar.
Mother-in-law	The mother of one's husband or wife.
Motherland	The country of one's ancestors; -- same as fatherland.
Motherless	Destitute of a mother; having lost a mother; as, motherless children.
Motherliness	The state or quality of being motherly.
Motherly	Of or pertaining to a mother; like, or suitable for, a mother; tender; maternal; as, motherly authority, love, or care.
Motherly	In a manner of a mother.
Mother-naked	Naked as when born.
Mother-of-pearl	The hard pearly internal layer of several kinds of shells, esp. of pearl oysters, river mussels, and the abalone shells; nacre. See Pearl.
Mother-of-thyme	An aromatic plant (Thymus Serphyllum); -- called also wild thyme.
Motherwort	A labiate herb (Leonurus Cardiaca), of a bitter taste, used popularly in medicine; lion's tail.
Motherwort	The mugwort. See Mugwort.
Mothery	Consisting of, containing, or resembling, mother (in vinegar).
Mothy	Infested with moths; moth-eaten.
Motif	Motive.
Motific	Producing motion.
Motile	Having powers of self-motion, though unconscious; as, the motile spores of certain seaweeds.
Motile	Producing motion; as, motile powers.
Motility	Capability of motion; contractility.
Motion	The act, process, or state of changing place or position; movement; the passing of a body from one place or position to another, whether voluntary or involuntary; -- opposed to rest.
Motion	Power of, or capacity for, motion.
Motion	Direction of movement; course; tendency; as, the motion of the planets is from west to east.
Motion	Change in the relative position of the parts of anything; action of a machine with respect to the relative movement of its parts.
Motion	Movement of the mind, desires, or passions; mental act, or impulse to any action; internal activity.
Motion	A proposal or suggestion looking to action or progress; esp., a formal proposal made in a deliberative assembly; as, a motion to adjourn.
Motion	An application made to a court or judge orally in open court. Its object is to obtain an order or rule directing some act to be done in favor of the applicant.
Motion	Change of pitch in successive sounds, whether in the same part or in groups of parts.
Motion	A puppet show or puppet.
Motioned	of Motion
Motioning	of Motion
Motion	To make a significant movement or gesture, as with the hand; as, to motion to one to take a seat.
Motion	To make proposal; to offer plans.
Motion	To direct or invite by a motion, as of the hand or head; as, to motion one to a seat.
Motion	To propose; to move.
Motioner	One who makes a motion; a mover.
Motionist	A mover.
Motionless	Without motion; being at rest.
Motive	That which moves; a mover.
Motive	That which incites to action; anything prompting or exciting to choise, or moving the will; cause; reason; inducement; object.
Motive	The theme or subject; a leading phrase or passage which is reproduced and varied through the course of a comor a movement; a short figure, or melodic germ, out of which a whole movement is develpoed. See also Leading motive, under Leading.
Motive	That which produces conception, invention, or creation in the mind of the artist in undertaking his subject; the guiding or controlling idea manifested in a work of art, or any part of one.
Motive	Causing motion; having power to move, or tending to move; as, a motive argument; motive power.
Motive	To prompt or incite by a motive or motives; to move.
Motiveless	Destitute of a motive; not incited by a motive.
Motivity	The power of moving or producing motion.
Motivity	The quality of being influenced by motives.
Motivo	See Motive, n., 3, 4.
Motley	Variegated in color; consisting of different colors; dappled; party-colored; as, a motley coat.
Motley	Wearing motley or party-colored clothing. See Motley, n., 1.
Motley	Composed of different or various parts; heterogeneously made or mixed up; discordantly composite; as, motley style.
Motley	A combination of distinct colors; esp., the party-colored cloth, or clothing, worn by the professional fool.
Motley	Hence, a jester, a fool.
Motley-minded	Having a mind of a jester; foolish.
Motmot	Any one of several species of long-tailed, passerine birds of the genus Momotus, having a strong serrated beak. In most of the species the two long middle tail feathers are racket-shaped at the tip, when mature. The bird itself is said by some writers to trim them into this shape. They feed on insects, reptiles, and fruit, and are found from Mexico to Brazil. The name is derived from its note.
Moto	Movement; manner of movement; particularly, movement with increased rapidity; -- used especially in the phrase con moto, directing to a somewhat quicker movement; as, andante con moto, a little more rapidly than andante, etc.
Moton	A small plate covering the armpit in armor of the 14th century and later.
Motor	One who, or that which, imparts motion; a source of mechanical power.
Motor	A prime mover; a machine by means of which a source of power, as steam, moving water, electricity, etc., is made available for doing mechanical work.
Motor	Alt. of Motorial
Motory	Alt. of Motorial
Motorial	Causing or setting up motion; pertaining to organs of motion; -- applied especially in physiology to those nerves or nerve fibers which only convey impressions from a nerve center to muscles, thereby causing motion.
Motorman	A man who controls a motor.
Motorpathic	Of or pertaining to motorpathy.
Motorpathy	Kinesiatrics.
Motte	A clump of trees in a prairie.
Mottled	of Mottle
Mottling	of Mottle
Mottle	To mark with spots of different color, or shades of color, as if stained; to spot; to maculate.
Mottle	A mottled appearance.
Mottled	Marked with spots of different colors; variegated; spotted; as, mottled wood.
Mottoes	of Motto
Motto	A sentence, phrase, or word, forming part of an heraldic achievment.
Motto	A sentence, phrase, or word, prefixed to an essay, discourse, chapter, canto, or the like, suggestive of its subject matter; a short, suggestive expression of a guiding principle; a maxim.
Mottoed	Bearing or having a motto; as, a mottoed coat or device.
Motty	Full of, or consisting of, motes.
Mouchoir	A handkerchief.
Mouazzin	See Muezzin.
Mouflon	A wild sheep (Ovis musimon), inhabiting the mountains of Sardinia, Corsica, etc. Its horns are very large, with a triangular base and rounded angles. It is supposed by some to be the original of the domestic sheep. Called also musimon or musmon.
Mought	Might.
Mouillation	The act of uttering the sound of a mouille letter.
Mouille	Applied to certain consonants having a "liquid" or softened sound; e.g., in French, l or ll and gn (like the lli in million and ni in minion); in Italian, gl and gn; in Spanish, ll and –; in Portuguese, lh and nh.
Mould	Alt. of Mouldy
Moulder	Alt. of Mouldy
Mouldy	See Mold, Molder, Moldy, etc.
Moule	To contract mold; to grow moldy; to mold.
Mouline	Alt. of Moulinet
Moulinet	The drum upon which the rope is wound in a capstan, crane, or the like.
Moulinet	A machine formerly used for bending a crossbow by winding it up.
Moulinet	In sword and saber exercises, a circular swing of the weapon.
Moult	See Molt.
Moulten	Having molted.
Moun	pl. of Mow, may.
Mounch	To munch.
Mound	A ball or globe forming part of the regalia of an emperor or other sovereign. It is encircled with bands, enriched with precious stones, and surmounted with a cross; -- called also globe.
Mound	An artificial hill or elevation of earth; a raised bank; an embarkment thrown up for defense; a bulwark; a rampart; also, a natural elevation appearing as if thrown up artificially; a regular and isolated hill, hillock, or knoll.
Mounded	of Mound
Mounding	of Mound
Mound	To fortify or inclose with a mound.
Mount	A mass of earth, or earth and rock, rising considerably above the common surface of the surrounding land; a mountain; a high hill; -- used always instead of mountain, when put before a proper name; as, Mount Washington; otherwise, chiefly in poetry.
Mount	A bulwark for offense or defense; a mound.
Mount	A bank; a fund.
Mounted	of Mount
Mounting	of Mount
Mount	To rise on high; to go up; to be upraised or uplifted; to tower aloft; to ascend; -- often with up.
Mount	To get up on anything, as a platform or scaffold; especially, to seat one's self on a horse for riding.
Mount	To attain in value; to amount.
Mount	To get upon; to ascend; to climb.
Mount	To place one's self on, as a horse or other animal, or anything that one sits upon; to bestride.
Mount	To cause to mount; to put on horseback; to furnish with animals for riding; to furnish with horses.
Mount	Hence: To put upon anything that sustains and fits for use, as a gun on a carriage, a map or picture on cloth or paper; to prepare for being worn or otherwise used, as a diamond by setting, or a sword blade by adding the hilt, scabbard, etc.
Mount	To raise aloft; to lift on high.
Mount	That upon which a person or thing is mounted
Mount	A horse.
Mount	The cardboard or cloth on which a drawing, photograph, or the like is mounted; a mounting.
Mountable	Such as can be mounted.
Mountain	A large mass of earth and rock, rising above the common level of the earth or adjacent land; earth and rock forming an isolated peak or a ridge; an eminence higher than a hill; a mount.
Mountain	A range, chain, or group of such elevations; as, the White Mountains.
Mountain	A mountainlike mass; something of great bulk.
Mountain	Of or pertaining to a mountain or mountains; growing or living on a mountain; found on or peculiar to mountains; among mountains; as, a mountain torrent; mountain pines; mountain goats; mountain air; mountain howitzer.
Mountain	Like a mountain; mountainous; vast; very great.
Mountaineer	An inhabitant of a mountain; one who lives among mountains.
Mountaineer	A rude, fierce person.
Mountaineer	To lie or act as a mountaineer; to climb mountains.
Mountainer	A mountaineer.
Mountainet	A small mountain.
Mountainous	Full of, or containing, mountains; as, the mountainous country of the Swiss.
Mountainous	Inhabiting mountains.
Mountainous	Large as, or resembling, a mountain; huge; of great bulk; as, a mountainous heap.
Mountainousness	The state or quality of being mountainous.
Mountance	Amount; sum; quantity; extent.
Mountant	Raised; high.
Mountebank	One who mounts a bench or stage in the market or other public place, boasts of his skill in curing diseases, and vends medicines which he pretends are infalliable remedies; a quack doctor.
Mountebank	Any boastful or false pretender; a charlatan; a quack.
Mountebank	To cheat by boasting and false pretenses; to gull.
Mountebank	To play the mountebank.
Mountebankery	The practices of a mountebank; quackery; boastful and vain pretenses.
Mountebankish	Like a mountebank or his quackery.
Mountebankism	The practices of a mountebank; mountebankery.
Mounted	Seated or serving on horseback or similarly; as, mounted police; mounted infantry.
Mounted	Placed on a suitable support, or fixed in a setting; as, a mounted gun; a mounted map; a mounted gem.
Mountenaunce	Mountance.
Mounter	One who mounts.
Mounter	An animal mounted; a monture.
Mounting	The act of one that mounts.
Mounting	That by which anything is prepared for use, or set off to advantage; equipment; embellishment; setting; as, the mounting of a sword or diamond.
Mountingly	In an ascending manner.
Mountlet	A small or low mountain.
Mounty	The rise of a hawk after prey.
Mourned	of Mourn
Mourning	of Mourn
Mourn	To express or to feel grief or sorrow; to grieve; to be sorrowful; to lament; to be in a state of grief or sadness.
Mourn	To wear the customary garb of a mourner.
Mourn	To grieve for; to lament; to deplore; to bemoan; to bewail.
Mourn	To utter in a mournful manner or voice.
Mourne	The armed or feruled end of a staff; in a sheephook, the end of the staff to which the hook is attached.
Mourner	One who mourns or is grieved at any misfortune, as the death of a friend.
Mourner	One who attends a funeral as a hired mourner.
Mournful	Full of sorrow; expressing, or intended to express, sorrow; mourning; grieving; sad; also, causing sorrow; saddening; grievous; as, a mournful person; mournful looks, tones, loss.
Mourning	The act of sorrowing or expressing grief; lamentation; sorrow.
Mourning	Garb, drapery, or emblems indicative of grief, esp. clothing or a badge of somber black.
Mourning	Grieving; sorrowing; lamenting.
Mourning	Employed to express sorrow or grief; worn or used as appropriate to the condition of one bereaved or sorrowing; as, mourning garments; a mourning ring; a mourning pin, and the like.
Mourningly	In a mourning manner.
Mournival	See Murnival.
Mice	of Mouse
Mouse	Any one of numerous species of small rodents belonging to the genus Mus and various related genera of the family Muridae.  The common house mouse (Mus musculus) is found in nearly all countries. The American white-footed, or deer, mouse (Hesperomys leucopus) sometimes lives in houses. See Dormouse, Meadow mouse, under Meadow, and Harvest mouse, under Harvest.
Mouse	A knob made on a rope with spun yarn or parceling to prevent a running eye from slipping.
Mouse	Same as 2d Mousing, 2.
Mouse	A familiar term of endearment.
Mouse	A dark-colored swelling caused by a blow.
Mouse	A match used in firing guns or blasting.
Moused	of Mouse
Mousing	of Mouse
Mouse	To watch for and catch mice.
Mouse	To watch for or pursue anything in a sly manner; to pry about, on the lookout for something.
Mouse	To tear, as a cat devours a mouse.
Mouse	To furnish with a mouse; to secure by means of a mousing. See Mouse, n., 2.
Mouse-ear	The forget-me-not (Myosotis palustris) and other species of the same genus.
Mouse-ear	A European species of hawkweed (Hieracium Pilosella).
Mousefish	See Frogfish.
Mousehole	A hole made by a mouse, for passage or abode, as in a wall; hence, a very small hole like that gnawed by a mouse.
Mousekin	A little mouse.
Mouser	A cat that catches mice.
Mouser	One who pries about on the lookout for something.
Mousetail	A genus of ranunculaceous plants (Myosurus), in which the prolonged receptacle is covered with imbricating achenes, and so resembles the tail of a mouse.
Mousie	Diminutive for Mouse.
Mousing	Impertinently inquisitive; prying; meddlesome.
Mousing	The act of hunting mice.
Mousing	A turn or lashing of spun yarn or small stuff, or a metallic clasp or fastening, uniting the point and shank of a hook to prevent its unhooking or straighening out.
Mousing	A ratchet movement in a loom.
Mousle	To sport with roughly; to rumple.
Mousseline	Muslin.
Moustache	Mustache.
Mousy	Infested with mice; smelling of mice.
Moutan	The Chinese tree peony (Paeonia Mountan), a shrub with large flowers of various colors.
Mouths	of Mouth
Mouth	The opening through which an animal receives food; the aperture between the jaws or between the lips; also, the cavity, containing the tongue and teeth, between the lips and the pharynx; the buccal cavity.
Mouth	An opening affording entrance or exit; orifice; aperture;
Mouth	The opening of a vessel by which it is filled or emptied, charged or discharged; as, the mouth of a jar or pitcher; the mouth of the lacteal vessels, etc.
Mouth	The opening or entrance of any cavity, as a cave, pit, well, or den.
Mouth	The opening of a piece of ordnance, through which it is discharged.
Mouth	The opening through which the waters of a river or any stream are discharged.
Mouth	The entrance into a harbor.
Mouth	The crosspiece of a bridle bit, which enters the mouth of an animal.
Mouth	A principal speaker; one who utters the common opinion; a mouthpiece.
Mouth	Cry; voice.
Mouth	Speech; language; testimony.
Mouth	A wry face; a grimace; a mow.
Mouthed	of Mouth
Mouthing	of Mouth
Mouth	To take into the mouth; to seize or grind with the mouth or teeth; to chew; to devour.
Mouth	To utter with a voice affectedly big or swelling; to speak in a strained or unnaturally sonorous manner.
Mouth	To form or cleanse with the mouth; to lick, as a bear her cub.
Mouth	To make mouths at.
Mouth	To speak with a full, round, or loud, affected voice; to vociferate; to rant.
Mouth	To put mouth to mouth; to kiss.
Mouth	To make grimaces, esp. in ridicule or contempt.
Mouthed	Furnished with a mouth.
Mouthed	Having a mouth of a particular kind; using the mouth, speech, or voice in a particular way; -- used only in composition; as, wide-mouthed; hard-mouthed; foul-mouthed; mealy-mouthed.
Mouther	One who mouths; an affected speaker.
Mouth-footed	Having the basal joints of the legs converted into jaws.
Mouthfuls	of Mouthful
Mouthful	As much as is usually put into the mouth at one time.
Mouthful	Hence, a small quantity.
Mouthless	Destitute of a mouth.
Mouth-made	Spoken without sincerity; not heartfelt.
Mouthpiece	The part of a musical or other instrument to which the mouth is applied in using it; as, the mouthpiece of a bugle, or of a tobacco pipe.
Mouthpiece	An appendage to an inlet or outlet opening of a pipe or vessel, to direct or facilitate the inflow or outflow of a fluid.
Mouthpiece	One who delivers the opinion of others or of another; a spokesman; as, the mouthpiece of his party.
Movability	Movableness.
Movable	Capable of being moved, lifted, carried, drawn, turned, or conveyed, or in any way made to change place or posture; susceptible of motion; not fixed or stationary; as, a movable steam engine.
Movable	Changing from one time to another; as, movable feasts, i. e., church festivals, the date of which varies from year to year.
Movables	of Movable
Movable	An article of wares or goods; a commodity; a piece of property not fixed, or not a part of real estate; generally, in the plural, goods; wares; furniture.
Movable	Property not attached to the soil.
Movableness	The quality or state of being movable; mobility; susceptibility of motion.
Movably	In a movable manner or condition.
Moved	of Move
Moving	of Move
Move	To cause to change place or posture in any manner; to set in motion; to carry, convey, draw, or push from one place to another; to impel; to stir; as, the wind moves a vessel; the horse moves a carriage.
Move	To transfer (a piece or man) from one space or position to another, according to the rules of the game; as, to move a king.
Move	To excite to action by the presentation of motives; to rouse by representation, persuasion, or appeal; to influence.
Move	To arouse the feelings or passions of; especially, to excite to tenderness or compassion; to touch pathetically; to excite, as an emotion.
Move	To propose; to recommend; specifically, to propose formally for consideration and determination, in a deliberative assembly; to submit, as a resolution to be adopted; as, to move to adjourn.
Move	To apply to, as for aid.
Move	To change place or posture; to stir; to go, in any manner, from one place or position to another; as, a ship moves rapidly.
Move	To act; to take action; to stir; to begin to act; as, to move in a matter.
Move	To change residence; to remove, as from one house, town, or state, to another.
Move	To change the place of a piece in accordance with the rules of the game.
Move	The act of moving; a movement.
Move	The act of moving one of the pieces, from one position to another, in the progress of the game.
Move	An act for the attainment of an object; a step in the execution of a plan or purpose.
Moveless	Motionless; fixed.
Movement	The act of moving; change of place or posture; transference, by any means, from one situation to another; natural or appropriate motion; progress; advancement; as, the movement of an army in marching or maneuvering; the movement of a wheel or a machine; the party of movement.
Movement	Motion of the mind or feelings; emotion.
Movement	Manner or style of moving; as, a slow, or quick, or sudden, movement.
Movement	The rhythmical progression, pace, and tempo of a piece.
Movement	One of the several strains or pieces, each complete in itself, with its own time and rhythm, which make up a larger work; as, the several movements of a suite or a symphony.
Movement	A system of mechanism for transmitting motion of a definite character, or for transforming motion; as, the wheelwork of a watch.
Movent	Moving.
Movent	That which moves anything.
Mover	A person or thing that moves, stirs, or changes place.
Mover	A person or thing that imparts motion, or causes change of place; a motor.
Mover	One who, or that which, excites, instigates, or causes movement, change, etc.; as, movers of sedition.
Mover	A proposer; one who offers a proposition, or recommends anything for consideration or adoption; as, the mover of a resolution in a legislative body.
Moving	Changing place or posture; causing motion or action; as, a moving car, or power.
Moving	Exciting movement of the mind; adapted to move the sympathies, passions, or affections; touching; pathetic; as, a moving appeal.
Moving	The act of changing place or posture; esp., the act of changing one's dwelling place or place of business.
Movingly	In a moving manner.
Movingness	The power of moving.
Mow	A wry face.
Mow	To make mouths.
Mow	Same as Mew, a gull.
Mow	of Mow
Mowe	of Mow
Mowen	of Mow
Moun	of Mow
Mow	May; can.
Mowed	of Mow
Mowed	of Mow
Mown	of Mow
Mowing	of Mow
Mow	To cut down, as grass, with a scythe or machine.
Mow	To cut the grass from; as, to mow a meadow.
Mow	To cut down; to cause to fall in rows or masses, as in mowing grass; -- with down; as, a discharge of grapeshot mows down whole ranks of men.
Mow	To cut grass, etc., with a scythe, or with a machine; to cut grass for hay.
Mow	A heap or mass of hay or of sheaves of grain stowed in a barn.
Mow	The place in a barn where hay or grain in the sheaf is stowed.
Mow	To lay, as hay or sheaves of grain, in a heap or mass in a barn; to pile and stow away.
Mowburn	To heat and ferment in the mow, as hay when housed too green.
Mowe	See 4th Mow.
Mowe	See 1st & 2d Mow.
Mower	One who, or that which, mows; a mowing machine; as, a lawn mower.
Mowing	The act of one who, or the operation of that which, mows.
Mowing	Land from which grass is cut; meadow land.
Mown	Cut down by mowing, as grass; deprived of grass by mowing; as, a mown field.
Mowyer	A mower.
Moxa	A soft woolly mass prepared from the young leaves of Artemisia Chinensis, and used as a cautery by burning it on the skin; hence, any substance used in a like manner, as cotton impregnated with niter, amadou.
Moxa	A plant from which this substance is obtained, esp.  Artemisia Chinensis, and A. moxa.
Moxie	energy; pep.
Moxie	courage, determination.
Moxie	Know-how, expertise.
Moya	Mud poured out from volcanoes during eruptions; -- so called in South America.
Moyle	See Moil, and Moile.
Mozarab	Alt. of Mozarabic
Mozarabic	Same as Muzarab, Muzarabic.
Mozetta	Alt. of Mozzetta
Mozzetta	A cape, with a small hood; -- worn by the pope and other dignitaries of the Roman Catholic Church.
Mr.	The customary abbreviation of Mister in writing and printing. See Master, 4.
Mrs.	The customary abbreviation of Mistress when used as a title of courtesy, in writing and printing.
Mucamide	The acid amide of mucic acid, obtained as a white crystalline substance.
Mucate	A salt of mucic acid.
Muce	See Muse, and Muset.
Mucedin	A yellowish white, amorphous, nitrogenous substance found in wheat, rye, etc., and resembling gluten; -- formerly called also mucin.
Much	Great in quantity; long in duration; as, much rain has fallen; much time.
Much	Many in number.
Much	High in rank or position.
Much	A great quantity; a great deal; also, an indefinite quantity; as, you have as much as I.
Much	A thing uncommon, wonderful, or noticeable; something considerable.
Much	To a great degree or extent; greatly; abundantly; far; nearly.
Muchel	Much.
Muchness	Greatness; extent.
Muchwhat	Nearly; almost; much.
Mucic	Pertaining to, or derived from, gums and micilaginous substances; specif., denoting an acid obtained by the oxidation of gums, dulcite, etc., as a white crystalline substance isomeric with saccharic acid.
Mucid	Musty; moldy; slimy; mucous.
Mucific	Inducing or stimulating the secretion of mucus; blennogenous.
Mucific	Secreting mucus.
Muciform	Resembling mucus; having the character or appearance of mucus.
Mucigen	A substance which is formed in mucous epithelial cells, and gives rise to mucin.
Mucigenous	Connected with the formation of mucin; resembling mucin.
Mucilage	A gummy or gelatinous substance produced in certain plants by the action of water on the cell wall, as in the seeds of quinces, of flax, etc.
Mucilage	An aqueous solution of gum, or of substances allied to it; as, medicinal mucilage; mucilage for fastening envelopes.
Mucilaginous	Partaking of the nature of, or resembling, mucilage; moist, soft, and viscid; slimy; ropy; as, a mucilaginous liquid.
Mucilaginous	Of, pertaining to, or secreting, mucilage; as, the mucilaginous glands.
Mucilaginous	Soluble in water, but not in alcohol; yielding mucilage; as, mucilaginous gums or plants.
Mucin	See Mucedin.
Mucin	An albuminoid substance which is contained in mucus, and gives to the latter secretion its peculiar ropy character. It is found in all the secretions from mucous glands, and also between the fibers of connective tissue, as in tendons. See Illust. of Demilune.
Mucinogen	Same as Mucigen.
Muciparous	Secreting, or producing, mucus or mucin.
Mucivore	An insect which feeds on mucus, or the sap of plants, as certain Diptera, of the tribe Mucivora.
Muck	abbreviation of Amuck.
Muck	Dung in a moist state; manure.
Muck	Vegetable mold mixed with earth, as found in low, damp places and swamps.
Muck	Anything filthy or vile.
Muck	Money; -- in contempt.
Muck	Like muck; mucky; also, used in collecting or distributing muck; as, a muck fork.
Muck	To manure with muck.
Muckender	A handkerchief.
Mucker	A term of reproach for a low or vulgar labor person.
Mucker	To scrape together, as money, by mean labor or shifts.
Muckerer	A miser; a niggard.
Muckiness	The quality of being mucky.
Muckle	Much.
Muckmidden	A dunghill.
Mucksy	Somewhat mucky; soft, sticky, and dirty; muxy.
Muckworm	A larva or grub that lives in muck or manure; -- applied to the larvae of the tumbledung and allied beetles.
Muckworm	One who scrapes together money by mean labor and devices; a miser.
Mucky	Filthy with muck; miry; as, a mucky road.
Mucky	Vile, in a moral sense; sordid.
Mucocele	An enlargement or protrusion of the mucous membrane of the lachrymal passages, or dropsy of the lachrymal sac, dependent upon catarrhal inflammation of the latter.
Mucoid	Resembling mucus.
Muconate	A salt of muconic acid.
Muconic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an organic acid, obtained indirectly from mucic acid, and somewhat resembling itaconic acid.
Mucopurulent	Having the character or appearance of both mucus and pus.
Mucor	A genus of minute fungi. The plants consist of slender threads with terminal globular sporangia; mold.
Mucosity	The quality or state of being mucous or slimy; mucousness.
Mucous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, mucus; slimy, ropy, or stringy, and lubricous; as, a mucous substance.
Mucous	Secreting a slimy or mucigenous substance; as, the mucous membrane.
Mucousness	The quality or state of being mucous; sliminess.
Mucro	A minute abrupt point, as of a leaf; any small, sharp point or process, terminating a larger part or organ.
Mucronate	Alt. of Mucronated
Mucronated	Ending abruptly in a sharp point; abruptly tipped with a short and sharp point; as, a mucronate leaf.
Mucronulate	Having, or tipped with, a small point or points.
Muculent	Slimy; moist, and moderately viscous.
Mucus	A viscid fluid secreted by mucous membranes, which it serves to moisten and protect. It covers the lining membranes of all the cavities which open externally, such as those of the mouth, nose, lungs, intestinal canal, urinary passages, etc.
Mucus	Any other animal fluid of a viscid quality, as the synovial fluid, which lubricates the cavities of the joints; -- improperly so used.
Mucus	A gelatinous or slimy substance found in certain algae and other plants.
Mucusin	Mucin.
Mud	Earth and water mixed so as to be soft and adhesive.
Mud	To bury in mud.
Mud	To make muddy or turbid.
Mudar	Either one of two asclepiadaceous shrubs (Calotropis gigantea, and C. procera), which furnish a strong and valuable fiber. The acrid milky juice is used medicinally.
Mudarin	A brown, amorphous, bitter substance having a strong emetic action, extracted from the root of the mudar.
Muddily	In a muddy manner; turbidly; without mixture; cloudily; obscurely; confusedly.
Muddiness	The condition or quality of being muddy; turbidness; foulness caused by mud, dirt, or sediment; as, the muddiness of a stream.
Muddiness	Obscurity or confusion, as in treatment of a subject; intellectual dullness.
Muddled	of Muddle
Muddling	of Muddle
Muddle	To make turbid, or muddy, as water.
Muddle	To cloud or stupefy; to render stupid with liquor; to intoxicate partially.
Muddle	To waste or misuse, as one does who is stupid or intoxicated.
Muddle	To mix confusedly; to confuse; to make a mess of; as, to muddle matters; also, to perplex; to mystify.
Muddle	To dabble in mud.
Muddle	To think and act in a confused, aimless way.
Muddle	A state of being turbid or confused; hence, intellectual cloudiness or dullness.
Muddlehead	A stupid person.
Muddler	One who, or that which, muddles.
Muddy	Abounding in mud; besmeared or dashed with mud; as, a muddy road or path; muddy boots.
Muddy	Turbid with mud; as, muddy water.
Muddy	Consisting of mud or earth; gross; impure.
Muddy	Confused, as if turbid with mud; cloudy in mind; dull; stupid; also, immethodical; incoherent; vague.
Muddy	Not clear or bright.
Muddied	of Muddy
Muddying	of Muddy
Muddy	To soil with mud; to dirty; to render turbid.
Muddy	Fig.: To cloud; to make dull or heavy.
Muddy-headed	Dull; stupid.
Muddy-mettled	Dull-spirited.
Mudfish	The European loach.
Mudfish	The bowfin.
Mudfish	The South American lipedosiren, and the allied African species (Protopterus annectens). See Lipedosiren.
Mudfish	The mud minnow.
Mudhole	A hole, or hollow place, containing mud, as in a road.
Mudhole	A hole near the bottom, through which the sediment is withdrawn.
Mudir	Same as Moodir.
Mudsill	The lowest sill of a structure, usually embedded in the soil; the lowest timber of a house; also, that sill or timber of a bridge which is laid at the bottom of the water. See Sill.
Mudsucker	A woodcock.
Mudwall	The European bee-eater. See Bee-eater.
Mudwort	A small herbaceous plant growing on muddy shores (Limosella aquatica).
Mue	To mew; to molt.
Muezzin	A Mohammedan crier of the hour of prayer.
Muff	A soft cover of cylindrical form, usually of fur, worn by women to shield the hands from cold.
Muff	A short hollow cylinder surrounding an object, as a pipe.
Muff	A blown cylinder of glass which is afterward flattened out to make a sheet.
Muff	A stupid fellow; a poor-spirited person.
Muff	A failure to hold a ball when once in the hands.
Muff	The whitethroat.
Muffed	of Muff
Muffing	of Muff
Muff	To handle awkwardly; to fumble; to fail to hold, as a ball, in catching it.
Muffetee	A small muff worn over the wrist.
Muffin	A light, spongy, cylindrical cake, used for breakfast and tea.
Muffineer	A dish for keeping muffins hot.
Muffish	Stupid; awkward.
Muffle	The bare end of the nose between the nostrils; -- used esp. of ruminants.
Muffled	of Muffle
Muffling	of Muffle
Muffle	To wrap up in something that conceals or protects; to wrap, as the face and neck, in thick and disguising folds; hence, to conceal or cover the face of; to envelop; to inclose; -- often with up.
Muffle	To prevent seeing, or hearing, or speaking, by wraps bound about the head; to blindfold; to deafen.
Muffle	To wrap with something that dulls or deadens the sound of; as, to muffle the strings of a drum, or that part of an oar which rests in the rowlock.
Muffle	To speak indistinctly, or without clear articulation.
Muffle	Anything with which another thing, as an oar or drum, is muffled; also, a boxing glove; a muff.
Muffle	An earthenware compartment or oven, often shaped like a half cylinder, used in furnaces to protect objects heated from the direct action of the fire, as in scorification of ores, cupellation of ore buttons, etc.
Muffle	A small oven for baking and fixing the colors of painted or printed pottery, without exposing the pottery to the flames of the furnace or kiln.
Muffle	A pulley block containing several sheaves.
Muffler	Anything used in muffling; esp., a scarf for protecting the head and neck in cold weather; a tippet.
Muffler	A cushion for terminating or softening a note made by a stringed instrument with a keyboard.
Muffler	A kind of mitten or boxing glove, esp. when stuffed.
Muffler	One who muffles.
Muflon	See Mouflon.
Muftis	of Mufti
Mufti	An official expounder of Mohammedan law.
Mufti	Citizen's dress when worn by a naval or military officer; -- a term derived from the British service in India.
Mug	A kind of earthen or metal drinking cup, with a handle, -- usually cylindrical and without a lip.
Mug	The face or mouth.
Muggard	Sullen; displeased.
Mugget	The small entrails of a calf or a hog.
Mugginess	The condition or quality of being muggy.
Muggish	See Muggy.
Muggletonian	One of an extinct sect, named after Ludovic Muggleton, an English journeyman tailor, who (about 1657) claimed to be inspired.
Muggy	Moist; damp; moldy; as, muggy straw.
Muggy	Warm, damp, and close; as, muggy air, weather.
Mughouse	An alehouse; a pothouse.
Mugiency	A bellowing.
Mugient	Lowing; bellowing.
Mugil	A genus of fishes including the gray mullets. See Mullet.
Mugiloid	Like or pertaining to the genus Mugil, or family Mugilidae.
Mugweed	A slender European weed (Galium Cruciata); -- called also crossweed.
Mugwort	A somewhat aromatic composite weed (Artemisia vulgaris), at one time used medicinally; -- called also motherwort.
Mugwump	A bolter from the Republican party in the national election of 1884; an Independent.
Mugwumpery	Alt. of Mugwumpism
Mugwumpism	The acts and views of the mugwumps.
Muhammadan	Alt. of Muhammedan
Muhammedan	Mohammedan.
Muhammadanism	Mohammedanism.
Mulada	A moor.
Mulada	A drove of mules.
Mulattoes	of Mulatto
Mulatto	The offspring of a negress by a white man, or of a white woman by a negro, -- usually of a brownish yellow complexion.
Mulattress	A female mulatto.
Mulberries	of Mulberry
Mulberry	The berry or fruit of any tree of the genus Morus; also, the tree itself. See Morus.
Mulberry	A dark pure color, like the hue of a black mulberry.
Mulberry-faced	Having a face of a mulberry color, or blotched as if with mulberry stains.
Mulch	Half-rotten straw, or any like substance strewn on the ground, as over the roots of plants, to protect from heat, drought, etc., and to preserve moisture.
Mulched	of Mulch
Mulching	of Mulch
Mulch	To cover or dress with mulch.
Mulct	A fine or penalty, esp. a pecuniary punishment or penalty.
Mulct	A blemish or defect.
Mulcted	of Mulct
Mulcting	of Mulct
Mulct	To punish for an offense or misdemeanor by imposing a fine or forfeiture, esp. a pecuniary fine; to fine.
Mulct	Hence, to deprive of; to withhold by way of punishment or discipline.
Mulctary	Alt. of Mulctuary
Mulctuary	Imposing a pecuniary penalty; consisting of, or paid as, a fine.
Mule	A hybrid animal; specifically, one generated between an ass and a mare, sometimes a horse and a she-ass. See Hinny.
Mule	A plant or vegetable produced by impregnating the pistil of one species with the pollen or fecundating dust of another; -- called also hybrid.
Mule	A very stubborn person.
Mule	A machine, used in factories, for spinning cotton, wool, etc., into yarn or thread and winding it into cops; -- called also jenny and mule-jenny.
Mule-jenny	See Mule, 4.
Muleteer	One who drives mules.
Mulewort	A fern of the genus Hemionitis.
Muley	A stiff, long saw, guided at the ends but not stretched in a gate.
Muley	See Mulley.
Muliebrity	The state of being a woman or of possessing full womanly powers; womanhood; -- correlate of virility.
Muliebrity	Hence: Effeminancy; softness.
Mulier	A woman.
Mulier	Lawful issue born in wedlock, in distinction from an elder brother born of the same parents before their marriage; a lawful son.
Mulier	A woman; a wife; a mother.
Mulierly	In the manner or condition of a mulier; in wedlock; legitimately.
Mulierose	Fond of woman.
Mulierosity	A fondness for women.
Mulierty	Condition of being a mulier; position of one born in lawful wedlock.
Mulish	Like a mule; sullen; stubborn.
Mull	A thin, soft kind of muslin.
Mull	A promontory; as, the Mull of Cantyre.
Mull	A snuffbox made of the small end of a horn.
Mull	Dirt; rubbish.
Mull	To powder; to pulverize.
Mull	To work (over) mentally; to cogitate; to ruminate; -- usually with over; as, to mull over a thought or a problem.
Mull	An inferior kind of madder prepared from the smaller roots or the peelings and refuse of the larger.
Mulled	of Mull
Mulling	of Mull
Mull	To heat, sweeten, and enrich with spices; as, to mull wine.
Mull	To dispirit or deaden; to dull or blunt.
Mulla	Same as Mollah.
Mullagatawny	An East Indian curry soup.
Mullah	See Mollah.
Mullar	A die, cut in intaglio, for stamping an ornament in relief, as upon metal.
Mullein	Any plant of the genus Verbascum. They are tall herbs having coarse leaves, and large flowers in dense spikes. The common species, with densely woolly leaves, is Verbascum Thapsus.
Mullen	See Mullein.
Muller	One who, or that which, mulls.
Muller	A vessel in which wine, etc., is mulled over a fire.
Muller	A stone or thick lump of glass, or kind of pestle, flat at the bottom, used for grinding pigments or drugs, etc., upon a slab of similar material.
Mullerian	Of, pertaining to, or discovered by, Johannes Muller.
Mullet	Any one of numerous fishes of the genus Mugil; -- called also gray mullets. They are found on the coasts of both continents, and are highly esteemed as food. Among the most valuable species are Mugil capito of Europe, and M. cephalus which occurs both on the European and American coasts.
Mullet	Any species of the genus Mullus, or family Mullidae; called also red mullet, and surmullet, esp. the plain surmullet (Mullus barbatus), and the striped surmullet (M. surmulletus) of Southern Europe. The former is the mullet of the Romans. It is noted for the brilliancy of its colors. See Surmullet.
Mullet	A star, usually five pointed and pierced; -- when used as a difference it indicates the third son.
Mullet	Small pinchers for curling the hair.
Mulley	Alt. of Moolley
Moolley	A mulley or polled animal.
Moolley	A cow.
Mulley	Alt. of Moolley
Moolley	Destitute of horns, although belonging to a species of animals most of which have horns; hornless; polled; as, mulley cattle; a mulley (or moolley) cow.
Mulligatawny	See Mullagatawny.
Mulligrubs	A griping of the intestines; colic.
Mulligrubs	Hence, sullenness; the sulks.
Mullingong	See Duck mole, under Duck.
Mullion	A slender bar or pier which forms the division between the lights of windows, screens, etc.
Mullion	An upright member of a framing. See Stile.
Mullion	To furnish with mullions; to divide by mullions.
Mullock	Rubbish; refuse; dirt.
Mulliod	Like or pertaining to the genus Mullus, which includes the surmullet, or red mullet.
Mulmul	A fine, soft muslin; mull.
Mulse	Wine boiled and mingled with honey.
Mult-	See Multi-.
Multangular	Having many angles.
Multanimous	Many-minded; many-sided.
Multarticulate	Having many articulations or joints.
Multeity	Multiplicity.
Multi-	Alt. of Mult-
Mult-	A prefix signifying much or many; several; more than one; as, multiaxial, multocular.
Multiaxial	Having more than one axis; developing in more than a single line or plain; -- opposed to monoaxial.
Multicapsular	Having many, or several, capsules.
Multicarinate	Many-keeled.
Multicavous	Having many cavities.
Multicellular	Consisting of, or having, many cells or more than one cell.
Multicentral	Having many, or several, centers; as, a multicentral cell.
Multicipital	Having many heads or many stems from one crown or root.
Multicolor	Having many, or several, colors.
Multicostate	Having numerous ribs, or costae, as the leaf of a plant, or as certain shells and corals.
Multicuspid	Multicuspidate; -- said of teeth.
Multicuspidate	Having many cusps or points.
Multidentate	Having many teeth, or toothlike processes.
Multidigitate	Having many fingers, or fingerlike processes.
Multifaced	Having many faces.
Multifarious	Having multiplicity; having great diversity or variety; of various kinds; diversified; made up of many differing parts; manifold.
Multifarious	Having parts, as leaves, arranged in many vertical rows.
Multifariously	With great multiplicity and diversity; with variety of modes and relations.
Multifariousness	Multiplied diversity.
Multifariousness	The fault of improperly uniting in one bill distinct and independent matters, and thereby confounding them.
Multiferous	Bearing or producing much or many.
Multifid	Having many segments; cleft into several parts by linear sinuses; as, a multifid leaf or corolla.
Multiflorous	Having many flowers.
Multiflue	Having many flues; as, a multiflue boiler. See Boiler.
Multifoil	An ornamental foliation consisting of more than five divisions or foils.
Multifoil	Having more than five divisions or foils.
Multifold	Many times doubled; manifold; numerous.
Multiform	Having many forms, shapes, or appearances.
Multiformity	The quality of being multiform; diversity of forms; variety of appearances in the same thing.
Multiformous	Multiform.
Multigenerous	Having many kinds.
Multigranulate	Having, or consisting of, many grains.
Multijugate	Having many pairs of leaflets.
Multijugous	Consisting of many parts.
Multijugous	Same as Multijugate.
Multilateral	Having many sides; many-sided.
Multilineal	Having many lines.
Multilobar	Consisting of, or having, many lobes.
Multilocular	Having many or several cells or compartments; as, a multilocular shell or capsule.
Multiloquence	Quality of being multiloquent; use of many words; talkativeness.
Multiloquent	Alt. of Multiloquous
Multiloquous	Speaking much; very talkative; loquacious.
Multiloquy	Excess of words or talk.
Multinodate	Having many knots or nodes.
Multinodous	Same as Multinodate.
Multinomial	Same as Polynomial.
Multinominal	Alt. of Multinominous
Multinominous	Having many names or terms.
Multinuclear	Containing many nuclei; as, multinuclear cells.
Multinucleate	Alt. of Multinucleated
Multinucleated	Multinuclear.
Multiparous	Producing many, or more than one, at a birth.
Multipartite	Divided into many parts; having several parts.
Multiped	An insect having many feet, as a myriapod.
Multiped	Having many feet.
Multiple	Containing more than once, or more than one; consisting of more than one; manifold; repeated many times; having several, or many, parts.
Multiple	A quantity containing another quantity a number of times without a remainder.
Multiplex	Manifold; multiple.
Multipliable	Capable of being multiplied.
Multiplicable	Capable of being multiplied; multipliable.
Multiplicand	The number which is to be multiplied by another number called the multiplier. See Note under Multiplication.
Multiplicate	Consisting of many, or of more than one; multiple; multifold.
Multiplication	The act or process of multiplying, or of increasing in number; the state of being multiplied; as, the multiplication of the human species by natural generation.
Multiplication	The process of repeating, or adding to itself, any given number or quantity a certain number of times; commonly, the process of ascertaining by a briefer computation the result of such repeated additions; also, the rule by which the operation is performed; -- the reverse of division.
Multiplication	An increase above the normal number of parts, especially of petals; augmentation.
Multiplication	The art of increasing gold or silver by magic, -- attributed formerly to the alchemists.
Multiplicative	Tending to multiply; having the power to multiply, or incease numbers.
Multiplicatively	So as to multiply.
Multiplicator	The number by which another number is multiplied; a multiplier.
Multiplicious	Manifold.
Multiplicity	The quality of being multiple, manifold, or various; a state of being many; a multitude; as, a multiplicity of thoughts or objects.
Multiplier	One who, or that which, multiplies or increases number.
Multiplier	The number by which another number is multiplied. See the Note under Multiplication.
Multiplier	An instrument for multiplying or increasing by repetition or accumulation the intensity of a force or action, as heat or electricity. It is particularly used to render such a force or action appreciable or measurable when feeble. See Thermomultiplier.
Multiplied	of Multiply
Multiplying	of Multiply
Multiply	To increase in number; to make more numerous; to add quantity to.
Multiply	To add (any given number or quantity) to itself a certain number of times; to find the product of by multiplication; thus 7 multiplied by 8 produces the number 56; to multiply two numbers. See the Note under Multiplication.
Multiply	To increase (the amount of gold or silver) by the arts of alchemy.
Multiply	To become greater in number; to become numerous.
Multiply	To increase in extent and influence; to spread.
Multiply	To increase amount of gold or silver by the arts of alchemy.
Multipolar	Having many poles; -- applied especially to those ganglionic nerve cells which have several radiating processes.
Multipotent	Having manifold power, or power to do many things.
Multipresence	The state or power of being multipresent.
Multipresent	Being, or having the power to be, present in two or more places at once.
Multiradiate	Having many rays.
Multiramified	Divided into many branches.
Multiramose	Having many branches.
Multiscious	Having much or varied knowledge.
Multisect	Divided into many similar segments; -- said of an insect or myriapod.
Multiseptate	Divided into many chambers by partitions, as the pith of the pokeweed.
Multiserial	Arranged in many rows, or series, as the scales of a pine cone, or the leaves of the houseleek.
Multisiliquous	Having many pods or seed vessels.
Multisonous	Having many sounds, or sounding much.
Multispiral	Having numerous spiral coils round a center or nucleus; -- said of the opercula of certain shells.
Multistriate	Having many streaks.
Multisulcate	Having many furrows.
Multisyllable	A word of many syllables; a polysyllable.
Multititular	Having many titles.
Multitubular	Having many tubes; as, a multitubular boiler.
Multitude	A great number of persons collected together; a numerous collection of persons; a crowd; an assembly.
Multitude	A great number of persons or things, regarded collectively; as, the book will be read by a multitude of people; the multitude of stars; a multitude of cares.
Multitude	The state of being many; numerousness.
Multitudinary	Multitudinous.
Multitudinous	Consisting of a multitude; manifold in number or condition; as, multitudinous waves.
Multitudinous	Of or pertaining to a multitude.
Multivagant	Alt. of Multivagous
Multivagous	Wandering much.
Multivalence	Quality, state, or degree, of a multivalent element, atom, or radical.
Multivalent	Having a valence greater than one, as silicon.
Multivalent	Having more than one degree of valence, as sulphur.
Multivalve	Any mollusk which has a shell composed of more than two pieces.
Multivalve	Alt. of Multivalvular
Multivalvular	Having many valves.
Multivalvular	Many-valved; having more than two valves; -- said of certain shells, as the chitons.
Multiversant	Turning into many shapes; assuming many forms; protean.
Multivious	Having many ways or roads; by many ways.
Multivocal	Signifying many different things; of manifold meaning; equivocal.
Multivocal	A multivocal word.
Multocular	Having many eyes, or more than two.
Multum	An extract of quassia licorice, fraudulently used by brewers in order to economize malt and hops.
Multungulate	Having many hoofs.
Multure	The toll for grinding grain.
Multure	A grist or grinding; the grain ground.
Mum	Silent; not speaking.
Mum	Be silent! Hush!
Mum	Silence.
Mum	A sort of strong beer, originally made in Brunswick, Germany.
Mumbled	of Mumble
Mumbling	of Mumble
Mumble	To speak with the lips partly closed, so as to render the sounds inarticulate and imperfect; to utter words in a grumbling indistinct manner, indicating discontent or displeasure; to mutter.
Mumble	To chew something gently with closed lips.
Mumble	To utter with a low, inarticulate voice.
Mumble	To chew or bite gently, as one without teeth.
Mumble	To suppress, or utter imperfectly.
Mumblenews	A talebearer.
Mumbler	One who mumbles.
Mumbling	Low; indistinct; inarticulate.
Mumbo Jumbo	An object of superstitious homage and fear.
Mum-chance	A game of hazard played with cards in silence.
Mum-chance	A silent, stupid person.
Mum-chance	Silent and idle.
Mummed	of Mumm
Mumming	of Mumm
Mumm	To sport or make diversion in a mask or disguise; to mask.
Mummer	One who mumms, or makes diversion in disguise; a masker; a buffon.
Mummeries	of Mummery
Mummery	Masking; frolic in disguise; buffoonery.
Mummery	Farcical show; hypocritical disguise and parade or ceremonies.
Mummichog	Any one of several species of small American cyprinodont fishes of the genus Fundulus, and of allied genera; the killifishes; -- called also minnow.
Mummification	The act of making a mummy.
Mummified	Converted into a mummy or a mummylike substance; having the appearance of a mummy; withered.
Mummiform	Having some resemblance to a mummy; -- in zoology, said of the pupae of certain insects.
Mummified	of Mummify
Mummifying	of Mummify
Mummify	To embalm and dry as a mummy; to make into, or like, a mummy.
Mummies	of Mummy
Mummy	A dead body embalmed and dried after the manner of the ancient Egyptians; also, a body preserved, by any means, in a dry state, from the process of putrefaction.
Mummy	Dried flesh of a mummy.
Mummy	A gummy liquor that exudes from embalmed flesh when heated; -- formerly supposed to have magical and medicinal properties.
Mummy	A brown color obtained from bitumen. See Mummy brown (below).
Mummy	A sort of wax used in grafting, etc.
Mummy	One whose affections and energies are withered.
Mummied	of Mummy
Mummying	of Mummy
Mummy	To embalm; to mummify.
Mummychog	See Mummichog.
Mump	To move the lips with the mouth closed; to mumble, as in sulkiness.
Mump	To talk imperfectly, brokenly, or feebly; to chatter unintelligibly.
Mump	To cheat; to deceive; to play the beggar.
Mump	To be sullen or sulky.
Mumped	of Mump
Mumping	of Mump
Mump	To utter imperfectly, brokenly, or feebly.
Mump	To work over with the mouth; to mumble; as, to mump food.
Mump	To deprive of (something) by cheating; to impose upon.
Mumper	A beggar; a begging impostor.
Mumpish	Sullen, sulky.
Mumps	Sullenness; silent displeasure; the sulks.
Mumps	A specific infectious febrile disorder characterized by a nonsuppurative inflammation of the parotid glands; epidemic or infectious parotitis.
Mun	The mouth.
Munched	of Munch
Munching	of Munch
Munch	To chew with a grinding, crunching sound, as a beast chews provender; to chew deliberately or in large mouthfuls.
Munchausenism	An extravagant fiction embodying an account of some marvelous exploit or adventure.
Muncher	One who munches.
Mund	See Mun.
Mundane	Of or pertaining to the world; worldly; earthly; terrestrial; as, the mundane sphere.
Mundanity	Worldliness.
Mundation	The act of cleansing.
Mundatory	Cleansing; having power to cleanse.
Mundic	Iron pyrites, or arsenical pyrites; -- so called by the Cornish miners.
Mundificant	Serving to cleanse and heal.
Mundificant	A mundificant ointment or plaster.
Mundification	The act or operation of cleansing.
Mundificative	Cleansing.
Mundificative	A detergent medicine or preparation.
Mundify	To cleanse.
Mundil	A turban ornamented with an imitation of gold or silver embroidery.
Mundivagant	Wandering over the world.
Mundungus	A stinking tobacco.
Munnerary	Having the nature of a gift.
Munnerate	To remunerate.
Muneration	Remuneration.
Mung	Green gram, a kind of pulse (Phaseolus Mungo), grown for food in British India.
Munga	See Bonnet monkey, under Bonnet.
Mungcorn	Same as Mangcorn.
Mungo	A fibrous material obtained by deviling rags or the remnants of woolen goods.
Mungoose	Alt. of Mungoos
Mungoos	See Mongoose.
Mungrel	See Mongrel.
Municipal	Of or pertaining to a city or a corporation having the right of administering local government; as, municipal rights; municipal officers.
Municipal	Of or pertaining to a state, kingdom, or nation.
Municipalism	Municipal condition.
Municipalities	of Municipality
Municipality	A municipal district; a borough, city, or incorporated town or village.
Municipally	In a municipal relation or condition.
Munific	Munificent; liberal.
Munificate	To enrich.
Munificence	Means of defense; fortification.
Munificence	The quality or state of being munificent; a giving or bestowing with extraordinary liberality; generous bounty; lavish generosity.
Munificent	Very liberal in giving or bestowing; lavish; as, a munificent benefactor.
Munify	To prepare for defense; to fortify.
Muniment	The act of supporting or defending.
Muniment	That which supports or defends; stronghold; place or means of defense; munition; assistance.
Muniment	A record; the evidences or writings whereby a man is enabled to defend the title to his estate; title deeds and papers.
Munite	To fortify; to strengthen.
Munition	Fortification; stronghold.
Munition	Whatever materials are used in war for defense or for annoying an enemy; ammunition; also, stores and provisions; military stores of all kinds.
Munity	Freedom; security; immunity.
Munjeet	See Indian madder, under Madder.
Munjistin	An orange-red coloring substance resembling alizarin, found in the root of an East Indian species of madder (Rubia munjista).
Munnion	See Mullion.
Muntin	Alt. of Munting
Munting	Same as Mullion; -- especially used in joiner's work.
Muntjac	Any one of several species of small Asiatic deer of the genus Cervulus, esp. C. muntjac, which occurs both in India and on the East Indian Islands.
Muntz metal	See under Metal.
Muraena	A genus of large eels of the family Miraenidae. They differ from the common eel in lacking pectoral fins and in having the dorsal and anal fins continuous. The murry (Muraena Helenae) of Southern Europe was the muraena of the Romans. It is highly valued as a food fish.
Muraenoid	Alt. of Murenoid
Murenoid	Like or pertaining to the genus Muraena, or family Muraenidae.
Murage	A tax or toll paid for building or repairing the walls of a fortified town.
Mural	Of or pertaining to a wall; being on, or in, a wall; growing on, or against, a wall; as, a mural quadrant.
Mural	Resembling a wall; perpendicular or steep; as, a mural precipice.
Murder	The offense of killing a human being with malice prepense or aforethought, express or implied; intentional and unlawful homicide.
Murdered	of Murder
Murdering	of Murder
Murder	To kill with premediated malice; to kill (a human being) willfully, deliberately, and unlawfully. See Murder, n.
Murder	To destroy; to put an end to.
Murder	To mutilate, spoil, or deform, as if with malice or cruelty; to mangle; as, to murder the king's English.
Murderer	One guilty of murder; a person who, in possession of his reason, unlawfully kills a human being with premeditated malice.
Murderer	A small cannon, formerly used for clearing a ship's decks of boarders; -- called also murdering piece.
Murderess	A woman who commits murder.
Murderment	Murder.
Murderous	Of or pertaining to murder; characterized by, or causing, murder or bloodshed; having the purpose or quality of murder; bloody; sanguinary; as, the murderous king; murderous rapine; murderous intent; a murderous assault.
Murdress	A battlement in ancient fortifications with interstices for firing through.
Mure	A wall.
Mured	of Mure
Mure	To inclose in walls; to wall; to immure; to shut up.
Murenger	One who had charge of the wall of a town, or its repairs.
Murices	of Murex
Murex	A genus of marine gastropods, having rough, and frequently spinose, shells, which are often highly colored inside; the rock shells. They abound in tropical seas.
Murexan	A complex nitrogenous substance obtained from murexide, alloxantin, and other ureids, as a white, or yellowish, crystalline which turns red on exposure to the air; -- called also uramil, dialuramide, and formerly purpuric acid.
Murexide	A crystalline nitrogenous substance having a splendid dichroism, being green by reflected light and garnet-red by transmitted light. It was formerly used in dyeing calico, and was obtained in a large quantities from guano. Formerly called also ammonium purpurate.
Murexoin	A complex nitrogenous compound obtained as a scarlet crystalline substance, and regarded as related to murexide.
Muriate	A salt of muriatic hydrochloric acid; a chloride; as, muriate of ammonia.
Muriated	Put in brine.
Muriated	Combined or impregnated with muriatic or hydrochloric acid.
Muriated	Prepared with chloride of silver through the agency of common salt.
Muriatic	Of, pertaining to, or obtained from, sea salt, or from chlorine, one of the constituents of sea salt; hydrochloric.
Muriatiferous	Producing muriatic substances or salt.
Muricate	Alt. of Muricated
Muricated	Formed with sharp points; full of sharp points or of pickles; covered, or roughened, as a surface, with sharp points or excrescences.
Muricoid	Like, or pertaining to, the genus Murex, or family Muricidae.
Muriculate	Minutely muricate.
Muride	Bromine; -- formerly so called from its being obtained from sea water.
Muriform	Resembling courses of bricks or stones in squareness and regular arrangement; as, a muriform variety of cellular tissue.
Murine	Pertaining to a family of rodents (Muridae), of which the mouse is the type.
Murine	One of a tribe of rodents, of which the mouse is the type.
Muringer	See Murenger.
Murk	Dark; murky.
Murk	Darkness; mirk.
Murk	The refuse of fruit, after the juice has been expressed; marc.
Murkily	Darkly; gloomily.
Murkiness	The state of being murky.
Murky	Dark; obscure; gloomy.
Murlins	A seaweed. See Baddrelocks.
Murmur	A low, confused, and indistinct sound, like that of running water.
Murmur	A complaint half suppressed, or uttered in a low, muttering voice.
Murmured	of Murmur
Murmuring	of Murmur
Murmur	To make a low continued noise, like the hum of bees, a stream of water, distant waves, or the wind in a forest.
Murmur	To utter complaints in a low, half-articulated voice; to feel or express dissatisfaction or discontent; to grumble; -- often with at or against.
Murmur	To utter or give forth in low or indistinct words or sounds; as, to murmur tales.
Murmuration	The act of murmuring; a murmur.
Murmurer	One who murmurs.
Murmuring	Uttering murmurs; making low sounds; complaining.
Murmurous	Attended with murmurs; exciting murmurs or complaint; murmuring.
Murnival	In the game of gleek, four cards of the same value, as four aces or four kings; hence, four of anything.
Murphy	A potato.
Murr	A catarrh.
Murrain	An infectious and fatal disease among cattle.
Murrain	Having, or afflicted with, murrain.
Murrayin	A glucoside found in the flowers of a plant (Murraya exotica) of South Asia, and extracted as a white amorphous slightly bitter substance.
Murre	Any one of several species of sea birds of the genus Uria, or Catarractes; a guillemot.
Murrelet	One of several species of sea birds of the genera Synthliboramphus and Brachyramphus, inhabiting the North Pacific. They are closely related to the murres.
Murrey	A dark red color.
Murrey	Of a dark red color.
Murrhine	Made of the stone or material called by the Romans murrha; -- applied to certain costly vases of great beauty and delicacy used by the luxurious in Rome as wine cups; as, murrhine vases, cups, vessels.
Murrion	Infected with or killed by murrain.
Murrion	A morion. See Morion.
Murry	See Muraena.
Murth	Plenty; abundance.
Murther	Murder, n. & v.
Murtherer	A murderer.
Murza	One of the hereditary nobility among the Tatars, esp. one of the second class.
Mures	of Mus
Mus	A genus of small rodents, including the common mouse and rat.
Musae	of Musa
Musa	A genus of perennial, herbaceous, endogenous plants of great size, including the banana (Musa sapientum), the plantain (M. paradisiaca of Linnaeus, but probably not a distinct species), the Abyssinian (M. Ensete), the Philippine Island (M. textilis, which yields Manila hemp), and about eighteen other species. See Illust. of Banana and Plantain.
Musaceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, plants of the genus Musa.
Musal	Of or pertaining to the Muses, or to Poetry.
Musang	A small animal of Java (Paradoxirus fasciatus), allied to the civets. It swallows, but does not digest, large quantities of ripe coffee berries, thus serving to disseminate the coffee plant; hence it is called also coffee rat.
Musar	An itinerant player on the musette, an instrument formerly common in Europe.
Musard	A dreamer; an absent-minded person.
Muscae	of Musca
Musca	A genus of dipterous insects, including the common house fly, and numerous allied species.
Musca	A small constellation situated between the Southern Cross and the Pole.
Muscadel	See Muscatel, n.
Muscadine	A name given to several very different kinds of grapes, but in America used chiefly for the scuppernong, or southern fox grape, which is said to be the parent stock of the Catawba. See Grapevine.
Muscadine	A fragrant and delicious pear.
Muscadine	See Muscardin.
Muscales	An old name for mosses in the widest sense, including the true mosses and also hepaticae and sphagna.
Muscallonge	See Muskellunge.
Muscardin	The common European dormouse; -- so named from its odor.
Muscardine	A disease which is very destructive to silkworms, and which sometimes extends to other insects. It is attended by the development of a fungus (provisionally called Botrytis bassiana). Also, the fungus itself.
Muscariform	Having the form of a brush.
Muscarin	A solid crystalline substance, C5H13NO2, found in the toadstool (Agaricus muscarius), and in putrid fish. It is a typical ptomaine, and a violent poison.
Muscat	A name given to several varieties of Old World grapes, differing in color, size, etc., but all having a somewhat musky flavor. The muscat of Alexandria is a large oval grape of a pale amber color.
Muscatel	Of, pertaining to, or designating, or derived from, a muscat grapes or similar grapes; a muscatel grapes; muscatel wine, etc.
Muscatel	A common name for several varieties of rich sweet wine, made in Italy, Spain, and France.
Muscatel	Finest raisins, dried on the vine; "sun raisins."
Muschelkalk	A kind of shell limestone, whose strata form the middle one of the three divisions of the Triassic formation in Germany. See Chart, under Geology.
Musci	An order or subclass of cryptogamous plants; the mosses. See Moss, and Cryptogamia.
Muscicapine	Of or pertaining to the Muscicapidae, a family of birds that includes the true flycatchers.
Muscid	Any fly of the genus Musca, or family Muscidae.
Musciform	Having the form or structure of flies of the genus Musca, or family Muscidae.
Musciform	Having the appearance or form of a moss.
Muscle	An organ which, by its contraction, produces motion.
Muscle	The contractile tissue of which muscles are largely made up.
Muscle	Muscular strength or development; as, to show one's muscle by lifting a heavy weight.
Muscle	See Mussel.
Muscled	Furnished with muscles; having muscles; as, things well muscled.
Muscling	Exhibition or representation of the muscles.
Muscogees	See Muskogees.
Muscoid	Mosslike; resembling moss.
Muscoid	A term formerly applied to any mosslike flowerless plant, with a distinct stem, and often with leaves, but without any vascular system.
Muscology	Bryology.
Muscosity	Mossiness.
Muscovado	Pertaining to, or of the nature of, unrefined or raw sugar, obtained from the juice of the sugar cane by evaporating and draining off the molasses. Muscovado sugar contains impurities which render it dark colored and moist.
Muscovado	Unrefined or raw sugar.
Muscovite	A native or inhabitant of Muscovy or ancient Russia; hence, a Russian.
Muscovite	Common potash mica. See Mica.
Muscovy duck	A duck (Cairina moschata), larger than the common duck, often raised in poultry yards. Called also musk duck. It is native of tropical America, from Mexico to Southern Brazil.
Muscovy glass	Mica; muscovite. See Mica.
Muscular	Of or pertaining to a muscle, or to a system of muscles; consisting of, or constituting, a muscle or muscles; as, muscular fiber.
Muscular	Performed by, or dependent on, a muscle or the muscles.
Muscular	Well furnished with muscles; having well-developed muscles; brawny; hence, strong; powerful; vigorous; as, a muscular body or arm.
Muscularity	The state or quality of being muscular.
Muscularize	To make muscular.
Muscularly	In a muscular manner.
Musculation	The muscular system of an animal, or of any of its parts.
Musculature	Musculation.
Muscule	A long movable shed used by besiegers in ancient times in attacking the walls of a fortified town.
Musculin	See Syntonin.
Musculocutaneous	Pertaining both to muscles and skin; as, the musculocutaneous nerve.
Musculophrenic	Pertaining to the muscles and the diaphragm; as, the musculophrenic artery.
Musculosity	The quality or state of being musculous; muscularity.
Musculospiral	Of or pertaining to the muscles, and taking a spiral course; -- applied esp. to a large nerve of the arm.
Musculous	Muscular.
Muse	A gap or hole in a hedge, hence, wall, or the like, through which a wild animal is accustomed to pass; a muset.
Muse	One of the nine goddesses who presided over song and the different kinds of poetry, and also the arts and sciences; -- often used in the plural.
Muse	A particular power and practice of poetry.
Muse	A poet; a bard.
Mused	of Muse
Musing	of Muse
Muse	To think closely; to study in silence; to meditate.
Muse	To be absent in mind; to be so occupied in study or contemplation as not to observe passing scenes or things present; to be in a brown study.
Muse	To wonder.
Muse	To think on; to meditate on.
Muse	To wonder at.
Muse	Contemplation which abstracts the mind from passing scenes; absorbing thought; hence, absence of mind; a brown study.
Muse	Wonder, or admiration.
Museful	Meditative; thoughtfully silent.
Museless	Unregardful of the Muses; disregarding the power of poetry; unpoetical.
Muser	One who muses.
Muset	A small hole or gap through which a wild animal passes; a muse.
Musette	A small bagpipe formerly in use, having a soft and sweet tone.
Musette	An air adapted to this instrument; also, a kind of rustic dance.
Museum	A repository or a collection of natural, scientific, or literary curiosities, or of works of art.
Mush	Meal (esp. Indian meal) boiled in water; hasty pudding; supawn.
Mush	To notch, cut, or indent, as cloth, with a stamp.
Mushroom	An edible fungus (Agaricus campestris), having a white stalk which bears a convex or oven flattish expanded portion called the pileus. This is whitish and silky or somewhat scaly above, and bears on the under side radiating gills which are at first flesh-colored, but gradually become brown. The plant grows in rich pastures and is proverbial for rapidity of growth and shortness of duration. It has a pleasant smell, and is largely used as food. It is also cultivated from spawn.
Mushroom	Any large fungus, especially one of the genus Agaricus; a toadstool. Several species are edible; but many are very poisonous.
Mushroom	One who rises suddenly from a low condition in life; an upstart.
Mushroom	Of or pertaining to mushrooms; as, mushroom catchup.
Mushroom	Resembling mushrooms in rapidity of growth and shortness of duration; short-lived; ephemerial; as, mushroom cities.
Mushroom-headed	Having a cylindrical body with a convex head of larger diameter; having a head like that of a mushroom.
Mushy	Soft like mush; figuratively, good-naturedly weak and effusive; weakly sentimental.
Music	The science and the art of tones, or musical sounds, i. e., sounds of higher or lower pitch, begotten of uniform and synchronous vibrations, as of a string at various degrees of tension; the science of harmonical tones which treats of the principles of harmony, or the properties, dependences, and relations of tones to each other; the art of combining tones in a manner to please the ear.
Music	Melody; a rhythmical and otherwise agreeable succession of tones.
Music	Harmony; an accordant combination of simultaneous tones.
Music	The written and printed notation of a musical composition; the score.
Music	Love of music; capacity of enjoying music.
Music	A more or less musical sound made by many of the lower animals. See Stridulation.
Musical	Of or pertaining to music; having the qualities of music; or the power of producing music; devoted to music; melodious; harmonious; as, musical proportion; a musical voice; musical instruments; a musical sentence; musical persons.
Musical	Music.
Musical	A social entertainment of which music is the leading feature; a musical party.
Musicale	A social musical party.
Musically	In a musical manner.
Musicalness	The quality of being musical.
Musician	One skilled in the art or science of music; esp., a skilled singer, or performer on a musical instrument.
Musicomania	A kind of monomania in which the passion for music becomes so strong as to derange the intellectual faculties.
Musimon	See Mouflon.
Musingly	In a musing manner.
Musit	See Muset.
Musk	A substance of a reddish brown color, and when fresh of the consistence of honey, obtained from a bag being behind the navel of the male musk deer. It has a slightly bitter taste, but is specially remarkable for its powerful and enduring odor. It is used in medicine as a stimulant antispasmodic. The term is also applied to secretions of various other animals, having a similar odor.
Musk	The musk deer. See Musk deer (below).
Musk	The perfume emitted by musk, or any perfume somewhat similar.
Musk	The musk plant (Mimulus moschatus).
Musk	A plant of the genus Erodium (E. moschatum); -- called also musky heron's-bill.
Musk	A plant of the genus Muscari; grape hyacinth.
Musk	To perfume with musk.
Muskadel	See Muscadel.
Muskat	See Muscat.
Muskellunge	A large American pike (Esox nobilitor) found in the Great Lakes, and other Northern lakes, and in the St. Lawrence River. It is valued as a food fish.
Musket	The male of the sparrow hawk.
Musket	A species of firearm formerly carried by the infantry of an army. It was originally fired by means of a match, or matchlock, for which several mechanical appliances (including the flintlock, and finally the percussion lock) were successively substituted. This arm has been generally superseded by the rifle.
Musketeer	A soldier armed with a musket.
Musketo	See Mosquito.
Musketoon	A short musket.
Musketoon	One who is armed with such a musket.
Musketry	Muskets, collectively.
Musketry	The fire of muskets.
Muskiness	The quality or state of being musky; the scent of musk.
Muskmelon	The fruit of a cucubritaceous plant (Cicumis Melo), having a peculiar aromatic flavor, and cultivated in many varieties, the principal sorts being the cantaloupe, of oval form and yellowish flesh, and the smaller nutmeg melon with greenish flesh.  See Illust. of Melon.
Muskogees	A powerful tribe of North American Indians that formerly occupied the region of Georgia, Florida, and Alabama. They constituted a large part of the Creek confederacy.
Muskrat	A North American aquatic fur-bearing rodent (Fiber zibethicus). It resembles a rat in color and having a long scaly tail, but the tail is compressed, the bind feet are webbed, and the ears are concealed in the fur. It has scent glands which secrete a substance having a strong odor of musk. Called also musquash, musk beaver, and ondatra.
Muskrat	The musk shrew.
Muskrat	The desman.
Muskwood	The wood of a West Indian tree of the Mahogany family (Moschoxylum Swartzii).
Muskwood	The wood of an Australian tree (Eurybia argophylla).
Musky	Having an odor of musk, or somewhat the like.
Muslim	See Moslem.
Muslin	A thin cotton, white, dyed, or printed. The name is also applied to coarser and heavier cotton goods; as, shirting and sheeting muslins.
Muslinet	A sort of coarse or light cotton cloth.
Musmon	See Mouflon.
Musomania	See Musicomania.
Musquash	See Muskrat.
Musquaw	The American black bear. See Bear.
Musquet	See Musket.
Musquito	See Mosquito.
Musrole	Alt. of Musrol
Musrol	The nose band of a horse's bridle.
Muss	A scramble, as when small objects are thrown down, to be taken by those who can seize them; a confused struggle.
Muss	A state of confusion or disorder; -- prob. variant of mess, but influenced by muss, a scramble.
Mussed	of Muss
Mussing	of Muss
Muss	To disarrange, as clothing; to rumple.
Muss	A term of endearment.
Mussel	Any one of many species of marine bivalve shells of the genus Mytilus, and related genera, of the family Mytidae. The common mussel (Mytilus edulis; see Illust. under Byssus), and the larger, or horse, mussel (Modiola modiolus), inhabiting the shores both of Europe and America, are edible. The former is extensively used as food in Europe.
Mussel	Any one of numerous species of Unio, and related fresh-water genera; -- called also river mussel. See Naiad, and Unio.
Mussitation	A speaking in a low tone; mumbling.
Mussite	A variety of pyroxene, from the Mussa Alp in Piedmont; diopside.
Mussulmans	of Mussulman
Mussulman	A Mohammedan; a Moslem.
Mussulmanic	Of, pertaining to, or like, the Mussulmans, or their customs: Mohammedan.
Mussulmanish	Mohammedan.
Mussulmanism	Mohammedanism.
Mussulmanly	In the manner of Moslems.
Mussy	Disarranged; rumpled.
Must	To be obliged; to be necessitated; -- expressing either physical or moral necessity; as, a man must eat for nourishment; we must submit to the laws.
Must	To be morally required; to be necessary or essential to a certain quality, character, end, or result; as, he must reconsider the matter; he must have been insane.
Must	The expressed juice of the grape, or other fruit, before fermentation.
Must	Mustiness.
Must	To make musty; to become musty.
Mustac	A small tufted monkey.
Mustaches	of Mustache
Mustache	That part of the beard which grows on the upper lip; hair left growing above the mouth.
Mustache	A West African monkey (Cercopithecus cephus). It has yellow whiskers, and a triangular blue mark on the nose.
Mustache	Any conspicuous stripe of color on the side of the head, beneath the eye of a bird.
Mustachios	of Mustacho
Mustacho	A mustache.
Mustachoed	Having mustachios.
Mustaiba	A close-grained, neavy wood of a brownish color, brought from Brazil, and used in turning, for making the handles of tools, and the like.
Mustang	The half-wild horse of the plains in Mexico, California, etc. It is small, hardy, and easily sustained.
Mustard	The name of several cruciferous plants of the genus Brassica (formerly Sinapis), as white mustard (B. alba), black mustard (B. Nigra), wild mustard or charlock (B. Sinapistrum).
Mustard	A powder or a paste made from the seeds of black or white mustard, used as a condiment and a rubefacient. Taken internally it is stimulant and diuretic, and in large doses is emetic.
Mustee	See Mestee.
Musteline	Like or pertaining to the family Mustelidae, or the weasels and martens.
Muster	Something shown for imitation; a pattern.
Muster	A show; a display.
Muster	An assembling or review of troops, as for parade, verification of numbers, inspection, exercise, or introduction into service.
Muster	The sum total of an army when assembled for review and inspection; the whole number of effective men in an army.
Muster	Any assemblage or display; a gathering.
Mustered	of Muster
Mustering	of Muster
Muster	To collect and display; to assemble, as troops for parade, inspection, exercise, or the like.
Muster	Hence: To summon together; to enroll in service; to get together.
Muster	To be gathered together for parade, inspection, exercise, or the like; to come together as parts of a force or body; as, his supporters mustered in force.
Mustily	In a musty state.
Mustiness	The quality or state of being musty.
Musty	Having the rank, pungent, offencive odor and taste which substances of organic origin acquire during warm, moist weather; foul or sour and fetid; moldy; as, musty corn; musty books.
Musty	Spoiled by age; rank; stale.
Musty	Dull; heavy; spiritless.
Mutability	The quality of being mutable, or subject to change or alteration, either in form, state, or essential character; susceptibility of change; changeableness; inconstancy; variation.
Mutable	Capable of alteration; subject to change; changeable in form, qualities, or nature.
Mutable	Changeable; inconstant; unsettled; unstable; fickle.
Mutableness	The quality of being mutable.
Mutably	Changeably.
Mutacism	See Mytacism.
Mutage	A process for checking the fermentation of the must of grapes.
Mutanda	of Mutandum
Mutandum	A thing which is to be changed; something which must be altered; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Mutation	Change; alteration, either in form or qualities.
Mutch	The close linen or muslin cap of an old woman.
Muchkin	A liquid measure equal to four gills, or an imperial pint.
Mute	To cast off; to molt.
Mute	To eject the contents of the bowels; -- said of birds.
Mute	The dung of birds.
Mute	Not speaking; uttering no sound; silent.
Mute	Incapable of speaking; dumb.
Mute	Not uttered; unpronounced; silent; also, produced by complete closure of the mouth organs which interrupt the passage of breath; -- said of certain letters. See 5th Mute, 2.
Mute	Not giving a ringing sound when struck; -- said of a metal.
Mute	One who does not speak, whether from physical inability, unwillingness, or other cause.
Mute	One who, from deafness, either congenital or from early life, is unable to use articulate language; a deaf-mute.
Mute	A person employed by undertakers at a funeral.
Mute	A person whose part in a play does not require him to speak.
Mute	Among the Turks, an officer or attendant who is selected for his place because he can not speak.
Mute	A letter which represents no sound; a silent letter; also, a close articulation; an element of speech formed by a position of the mouth organs which stops the passage of the breath; as, p, b, d, k, t.
Mute	A little utensil made of brass, ivory, or other material, so formed that it can be fixed in an erect position on the bridge of a violin, or similar instrument, in order to deaden or soften the tone.
Mute-hill	See Moot-hill.
Mutely	Without uttering words or sounds; in a mute manner; silently.
Muteness	The quality or state of being mute; speechlessness.
Mutic	Alt. of Muticous
Muticous	Without a point or pointed process; blunt.
Mutilate	Deprived of, or having lost, an important part; mutilated.
Mutilate	Having finlike appendages or flukes instead of legs, as a cetacean.
Mutilate	A cetacean, or a sirenian.
Mutilated	of Mutilate
Mutilating	of Mutilate
Mutilate	To cut off or remove a limb or essential part of; to maim; to cripple; to hack; as, to mutilate the body, a statue, etc.
Mutilate	To destroy or remove a material part of, so as to render imperfect; as, to mutilate the orations of Cicero.
Mutilation	The act of mutilating, or the state of being mutilated; deprivation of a limb or of an essential part.
Mutilator	One who mutilates.
Mutilous	Mutilated; defective; imperfect.
Mutine	A mutineer.
Mutine	To mutiny.
Mutineer	One guilty of mutiny.
Muting	Dung of birds.
Mutinous	Disposed to mutiny; in a state of mutiny; characterized by mutiny; seditious; insubordinate.
Mutinies	of Mutiny
Mutiny	Insurrection against constituted authority, particularly military or naval authority; concerted revolt against the rules of discipline or the lawful commands of a superior officer; hence, generally, forcible resistance to rightful authority; insubordination.
Mutiny	Violent commotion; tumult; strife.
Mutinied	of Mutiny
Mutinying	of Mutiny
Mutiny	To rise against, or refuse to obey, lawful authority in military or naval service; to excite, or to be guilty of, mutiny or mutinous conduct; to revolt against one's superior officer, or any rightful authority.
Mutiny	To fall into strife; to quarrel.
Mutism	The condition, state, or habit of being mute, or without speech.
Muttered	of Mutter
Muttering	of Mutter
Mutter	To utter words indistinctly or with a low voice and lips partly closed; esp., to utter indistinct complaints or angry expressions; to grumble; to growl.
Mutter	To sound with a low, rumbling noise.
Mutter	To utter with imperfect articulations, or with a low voice; as, to mutter threats.
Mutter	Repressed or obscure utterance.
Mutterer	One who mutters.
Mutteringly	With a low voice and indistinct articulation; in a muttering manner.
Mutton	A sheep.
Mutton	The flesh of a sheep.
Mutton	A loose woman; a prostitute.
Muttony	Like mutton; having a flavor of mutton.
Mutual	Reciprocally acting or related; reciprocally receiving and giving; reciprocally given and received; reciprocal; interchanged; as, a mutual love, advantage, assistance, aversion, etc.
Mutual	Possessed, experienced, or done by two or more persons or things at the same time; common; joint; as, mutual happiness; a mutual effort.
Mutualism	The doctrine of mutual dependence as the condition of individual and social welfare.
Mutuality	The quality of correlation; reciprocation; interchange; interaction; interdependence.
Mutuality	Reciprocity of consideration.
Mutually	In a mutual manner.
Mutuary	One who borrows personal chattels which are to be consumed by him, and which he is to return or repay in kind.
Mutuation	The act of borrowing or exchanging.
Mutule	A projecting block worked under the corona of the Doric corice, in the same situation as the modillion of the Corinthian and Composite orders. See Illust. of Gutta.
Mux	Dirt; filth; muck.
Mux	To mix in an unitidy and offensive way; to make a mess of.
Muxy	Soft; sticky, and dirty.
Muzarab	One of a denomination of Christians formerly living under the government of the Moors in Spain, and having a liturgy and ritual of their own.
Muzarabic	Of or pertaining to Muzarabs; as, the Muzarabic liturgy.
Muzziness	The state or quality of being muzzy.
Muzzle	The projecting mouth and nose of a quadruped, as of a horse; a snout.
Muzzle	The mouth of a thing; the end for entrance or discharge; as, the muzzle of a gun.
Muzzle	A fastening or covering (as a band or cage) for the mouth of an animal, to prevent eating or vicious biting.
Muzzled	of Muzzle
Muzzling	of Muzzle
Muzzle	To bind the mouth of; to fasten the mouth of, so as to prevent biting or eating; hence, figuratively, to bind; to sheathe; to restrain from speech or action.
Muzzle	To fondle with the closed mouth.
Muzzle	To bring the mouth or muzzle near.
Muzzle-loader	A firearm which receives its charge through the muzzle, as distinguished from one which is loaded at the breech.
Muzzle-loading	Receiving its charge through the muzzle; as, a muzzle-loading rifle.
Muzzy	Absent-minded; dazed; muddled; stupid.
My	Of or belonging to me; -- used always attributively; as, my body; my book; -- mine is used in the predicate; as, the book is mine. See Mine.
Mya	A genus of bivalve mollusks, including the common long, or soft-shelled, clam.
Myalgia	Pain in the muscles; muscular rheumatism or neuralgia.
Myall wood	A durable, fragrant, and dark-colored Australian wood, used by the natives for spears. It is obtained from the small tree Acacia homolophylla.
Myaria	A division of bivalve mollusks of which the common clam (Mya) is the type.
Mycelium	The white threads or filamentous growth from which a mushroom or fungus is developed; the so-called mushroom spawn.
Myceloid	Resembling mycelium.
Mycetes	A genus of South American monkeys, including the howlers. See Howler, 2, and Illust.
Mycetoid	Resembling a fungus.
Mycoderma	One of the forms in which bacteria group themselves; a more or less thick layer of motionless but living bacteria, formed by the bacteria uniting on the surface of the fluid in which they are developed. This production differs from the zooloea stage of bacteria by not having the intermediary mucous substance.
Mycoderma	A genus of microorganisms of which the acetic ferment (Mycoderma aceti), which converts alcoholic fluids into vinegar, is a representative.  Cf. Mother.
Mycologic	Alt. of Mycological
Mycological	Of or relating to mycology, or the fungi.
Mycologist	One who is versed in, or who studies, mycology.
Mycology	That branch of botanical science which relates to the musgrooms and other fungi.
Mycomelic	Pertaining to, or designating, a complex nitrogenous acid of the alloxan group, obtained as a honey-yellow powder. Its solutions have a gelatinous consistency.
Mycoprotein	The protoplasmic matter of which bacteria are composed.
Mycose	A variety of sugar, isomeric with sucrose and obtained from certain lichens and fungi. Called also trehalose.
Mycothrix	The chain of micrococci formed by the division of the micrococci in multiplication.
Mydaleine	A toxic alkaloid (ptomaine) obtained from putrid flesh and from herring brines. As a poison it is said to execute profuse diarrhoea, vomiting, and intestinal inflammation.
Mydatoxin	A poisonous amido acid, C6H13NO2, separated by Brieger from decaying horseflesh. In physiological action, it is similar to curare.
Mydaus	The teledu.
Mydriasis	A long-continued or excessive dilatation of the pupil of the eye.
Mydriatic	Causing dilatation of the pupil.
Mydriatic	A mydriatic medicine or agent, as belladonna.
Myelencephala	Same as Vertebrata.
Myelencephalic	Of or pertaining to the myelencephalon; cerebro-spinal.
Myelencephalon	The brain and spinal cord; the cerebro-spinal axis; the neuron. Sometimes abbreviated to myelencephal.
Myelencephalon	The metencephalon.
Myelencephalous	Of or pertaining to the Myelencephala.
Myelin	A soft white substance constituting the medullary sheats of nerve fibers, and composed mainly of cholesterin, lecithin, cerebrin, albumin, and some fat.
Myelin	One of a group of phosphorized principles occurring in nerve tissue, both in the brain and nerve fibers.
Myelitis	Inflammation of the spinal marrow or its membranes.
Myelocoele	The central canal of the spinal cord.
Myelogenic	Derived from, or pertaining to, the bone marrow.
Myeloid	Resembling marrow in appearance or consistency; as, a myeloid tumor.
Myeloidin	A substance, present in the protoplasm of the retinal epithelium cells, and resembling, if not identical with, the substance (myelin) forming the medullary sheaths of nerve fibers.
Myelon	The spinal cord. (Sometimes abbrev. to myel.)
Myelonal	Of or pertaining to the myelon; as, the myelonal, or spinal, nerves.
Myeloneura	The Vertebrata.
Myeloplaxes	of Myeloplax
Myeloplaces	of Myeloplax
Myeloplax	One of the huge multinucleated cells found in the marrow of bone and occasionally in other parts; a giant cell. See Osteoclast.
Mygale	A genus of very large hairy spiders having four lungs and only four spinnerets. They do not spin webs, but usually construct tubes in the earth, which are often furnished with a trapdoor. The South American bird spider (Mygale avicularia), and the crab spider, or matoutou (M. cancerides) are among the largest species. Some of the species are erroneously called tarantulas, as the Texas tarantula (M. Hentzii).
Mylodon	An extinct genus of large slothlike American edentates, allied to Megatherium.
Mylohyoid	Pertaining to, or in the region of, the lower jaw and the hyoid apparatus; as, the mylohyoid nerve.
Myna	Any one of numerous species of Asiatic starlings of the genera Acridotheres, Sturnopastor, Sturnia, Gracula, and allied genera. In habits they resemble the European starlings, and like them are often caged and taught to talk. See Hill myna, under Hill, and Mino bird.
Mynchen	A nun.
Mynchery	A nunnery; -- a term still applied to the ruins of certain nunneries in England.
Mynheer	The Dutch equivalent of Mr. or Sir; hence, a Dutchman.
Myo-	A combining form of Gr. /, /, a muscle; as, myograph, myochrome.
Myocarditis	Inflammation of the myocardium.
Myocardium	The main substance of the muscular wall of the heart inclosed between the epicardium and endocardium.
Myochrome	A colored albuminous substance in the serum from red-colored muscles. It is identical with hemoglobin.
Myocommata	of Myocomma
Myocommas	of Myocomma
Myocomma	A myotome.
Myodynamics	The department of physiology which deals with the principles of muscular contraction; the exercise of muscular force or contraction.
Myodynamiometer	A myodynamometer.
Myodynamometer	An instrument for measuring the muscular strength of man or of other animals; a dynamometer.
Myoepithelial	Derived from epithelial cells and destined to become a part of the muscular system; -- applied to structural elements in certain embryonic forms.
Myoepithelial	Having the characteristics of both muscle and epithelium; as, the myoepithelial cells of the hydra.
Myogalid	One of the Myogalodae, a family of Insectivora, including the desman, and allied species.
Myogram	See Muscle curve, under Muscle.
Myograph	An instrument for determining and recording the different phases, as the intensity, velocity, etc., of a muscular contraction.
Myographic	Alt. of Myographical
Myographical	Of or pertaining to myography.
Myography	The description of muscles, including the study of muscular contraction by the aid of registering apparatus, as by some form of myograph; myology.
Myohaematin	A red-colored respiratory pigment found associated with hemoglobin in the muscle tissue of a large number of animals, both vertebrate and invertebrate.
Myoid	Composed of, or resembling, muscular fiber.
Myolemma	Sarcolemma.
Myolin	The essential material of muscle fibers.
Myologic	Alt. of Myological
Myological	Of or pertaining to myology.
Myologist	One skilled in myology.
Myology	That part of anatomy which treats of muscles.
Myoma	A tumor consisting of muscular tissue.
Myomancy	Divination by the movements of mice.
Myomorph	One of the Myomorpha.
Myomorpha	An extensive group of rodents which includes the rats, mice, jerboas, and many allied forms.
Myopathia	Any affection of the muscles or muscular system.
Myopathic	Of or pertaining to myopathia.
Myopathy	Same as Myopathia.
Myope	A person having myopy; a myops.
Myophan	A contractile striated layer found in the bodies and stems of certain Infusoria.
Myopia	Nearsightedness; shortsightedness; a condition of the eye in which the rays from distant object are brought to a focus before they reach the retina, and hence form an indistinct image; while the rays from very near objects are normally converged so as to produce a distinct image. It is corrected by the use of a concave lens.
Myopic	Pertaining to, or affected with, or characterized by, myopia; nearsighted.
Myips	See Myope.
Myopsis	The appearance of muscae volitantes. See Muscae volitantes, under Musca.
Myopy	Myopia.
Myosin	An albuminous body present in dead muscle, being formed in the process of coagulation which takes place in rigor mortis; the clot formed in the coagulation of muscle plasma. See Muscle plasma, under Plasma.
Myosis	Long-continued contraction of the pupil of the eye.
Myositic	Myotic.
Myositis	Inflammation of the muscles.
Myosotis	A genus of plants. See Mouse-ear.
Myotic	Producing myosis, or contraction of the pupil of the eye, as opium, calabar bean, etc.
Myotic	A myotic agent.
Myotome	A muscular segment; one of the zones into which the muscles of the trunk, especially in fishes, are divided; a myocomma.
Myotome	One of the embryonic muscular segments arising from the protovertebrae; also, one of the protovertebrae themselves.
Myotome	The muscular system of one metamere of an articulate.
Myotomic	Of or pertaining to a myotome or myotomes.
Myotomy	The dissection, or that part of anatomy which treats of the dissection, of muscles.
Myrcia	A large genus of tropical American trees and shrubs, nearly related to the true myrtles (Myrtus), from which they differ in having very few seeds in each berry.
Myria-	A prefix, esp. in the metric system, indicating ten thousand, ten thousand times; as, myriameter.
Myriacanthous	Having numerous spines, as certain fishes.
Myriad	The number of ten thousand; ten thousand persons or things.
Myriad	An immense number; a very great many; an indefinitely large number.
Myriad	Consisting of a very great, but indefinite, number; as, myriad stars.
Myriagram	Alt. of Myriagramme
Myriagramme	A metric weight, consisting of ten thousand grams or ten kilograms. It is equal to 22.046 lbs. avoirdupois.
Myrialiter	Alt. of Myrialitre
Myrialitre	A metric measure of capacity, containing ten thousand liters. It is equal to 2641.7 wine gallons.
Myriameter	Alt. of Myriametre
Myriametre	A metric measure of length, containing ten thousand meters. It is equal to 6.2137 miles.
Myriapod	One of the Myriapoda.
Myriapoda	A class, or subclass, of arthropods, related to the hexapod insects, from which they differ in having the body made up of numerous similar segments, nearly all of which bear true jointed legs. They have one pair of antennae, three pairs of mouth organs, and numerous trachaae, similar to those of true insects. The larvae, when first hatched, often have but three pairs of legs. See Centiped, Galleyworm, Milliped.
Myriarch	A captain or commander of ten thousand men.
Myriare	A measure of surface in the metric system containing ten thousand ares, or one million square meters. It is equal to about 247.1 acres.
Myrica	A widely dispersed genus of shrubs and trees, usually with aromatic foliage. It includes the bayberry or wax myrtle, the sweet gale, and the North American sweet fern, so called.
Myricin	A silky, crystalline, waxy substance, forming the less soluble part of beeswax, and regarded as a palmitate of a higher alcohol of the paraffin series; -- called also myricyl alcohol.
Myricyl	A hypothetical radical regarded as the essential residue of myricin; -- called also melissyl.
Myriological	Of or relating to a myriologue.
Myriologist	One who composes or sings a myriologue.
Myriologue	An extemporaneous funeral song, composed and sung by a woman on the death of a friend.
Myriophyllous	Having an indefinitely great or countless number of leaves.
Myriopoda	See Myriapoda.
Myriorama	A picture made up of several smaller pictures, drawn upon separate pieces in such a manner as to admit of combination in many different ways, thus producing a great variety of scenes or landscapes.
Myrioscope	A form of kaleidoscope.
Myristate	A salt of myristic acid.
Myristic	Pertaining to, or derived from, the nutmeg (Myristica). Specifically, designating an acid found in nutmeg oil and otoba fat, and extracted as a white crystalline waxy substance.
Myristin	The myristate of glycerin, -- found as a vegetable fat in nutmeg butter, etc.
Myristone	The ketone of myristic acid, obtained as a white crystalline substance.
Myrmicine	Of or pertaining to Myrmica, a genus of ants including the small house ant (M. molesta), and many others.
Myrmidon	One of a fierce tribe or troop who accompained Achilles, their king, to the Trojan war.
Myrmidon	A soldier or a subordinate civil officer who executes cruel orders of a superior without protest or pity; -- sometimes applied to bailiffs, constables, etc.
Myrmidonian	Consisting of, or like, myrmidons.
Myrmotherine	Feeding upon ants; -- said of certain birds.
Myrobalan	Alt. of Myrobolan
Myrobolan	A dried astringent fruit much resembling a prune. It contains tannin, and was formerly used in medicine, but is now chiefly used in tanning and dyeing. Myrobolans are produced by various species of Terminalia of the East Indies, and of Spondias of South America.
Myronic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, mustard; -- used specifically to designate a glucoside called myronic acid, found in mustard seed.
Myropolist	One who sells unguents or perfumery.
Myrosin	A ferment, resembling diastase, found in mustard seeds.
Myroxylon	A genus of leguminous trees of tropical America, the different species of which yield balsamic products, among which are balsam of Peru, and balsam of Tolu. The species were formerly referred to Myrospermum.
Myrrh	A gum resin, usually of a yellowish brown or amber color, of an aromatic odor, and a bitter, slightly pungent taste. It is valued for its odor and for its medicinal properties. It exudes from the bark of a shrub of Abyssinia and Arabia, the Balsamodendron Myrrha. The myrrh of the Bible is supposed to have been partly the gum above named, and partly the exudation of species of Cistus, or rockrose.
Myrrhic	Of, pertaining to, or obtained from, myrrh.
Myrrhine	Murrhine.
Myrtaceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a large and important natural order of trees and shrubs (Myrtaceae), of which the myrtle is the type. It includes the genera Eucalyptus, Pimenta, Lechythis, and about seventy more.
Myrtiform	Resembling myrtle or myrtle berries; having the form of a myrtle leaf.
Myrtle	A species of the genus Myrtus, especially Myrtus communis. The common myrtle has a shrubby, upright stem, eight or ten feet high. Its branches form a close, full head, thickly covered with ovate or lanceolate evergreen leaves. It has solitary axillary white or rosy flowers, followed by black several-seeded berries. The ancients considered it sacred to Venus. The flowers, leaves, and berries are used variously in perfumery and as a condiment, and the beautifully mottled wood is used in turning.
Ourselves	of Myself
Myself	I or me in person; -- used for emphasis, my own self or person; as I myself will do it; I have done it myself; -- used also instead of me, as the object of the first person of a reflexive verb, without emphasis; as, I will defend myself.
Myselven	Myself.
Mysis	A genus of small schizopod shrimps found both in fresh and salt water; the opossum shrimps. One species inhabits the Great Lakes of North America, and is largely eaten by the whitefish. The marine species form part of the food of right whales.
Mystacal	Of or pertaining to the upper lip, or mustache.
Mystagogic	Alt. of Mystagogical
Mystagogical	Of or pertaining to interpretation of mysteries or to mystagogue; of the nature of mystagogy.
Mystagogue	interprets mysteries, especially of a religious kind.
Mystagogue	One who keeps and shows church relics.
Mystagogy	The doctrines, principles, or practice of a mystagogue; interpretation of mysteries.
Mysterial	Mysterious.
Mysteriarch	One presiding over mysteries.
Mysterious	Of or pertaining to mystery; containing a mystery; difficult or impossible to understand; obscure not revealed or explained; enigmatical; incomprehensible.
Mysteriously	In a mysterious manner.
Mysteriousness	The state or quality of being mysterious.
Mysteriousness	Something mysterious; a mystery.
Mysterized	of Mysterize
Mysterizing	of Mysterize
Mysterize	To make mysterious; to make a mystery of.
Mysteries	of Mystery
Mystery	A profound secret; something wholly unknown, or something kept cautiously concealed, and therefore exciting curiosity or wonder; something which has not been or can not be explained; hence, specifically, that which is beyond human comprehension.
Mystery	A kind of secret religious celebration, to which none were admitted except those who had been initiated by certain preparatory ceremonies; -- usually plural; as, the Eleusinian mysteries.
Mystery	The consecrated elements in the eucharist.
Mystery	Anything artfully made difficult; an enigma.
Mysteries	of Mystery
Mystery	A trade; a handicraft; hence, any business with which one is usually occupied.
Mystery	A dramatic representation of a Scriptural subject, often some event in the life of Christ; a dramatic composition of this character; as, the Chester Mysteries, consisting of dramas acted by various craft associations in that city in the early part of the 14th century.
Mystic	Alt. of Mystical
Mystical	Remote from or beyond human comprehension; baffling human understanding; unknowable; obscure; mysterious.
Mystical	Importing or implying mysticism; involving some secret meaning; allegorical; emblematical; as, a mystic dance; mystic Babylon.
Mystic	One given to mysticism; one who holds mystical views, interpretations, etc.; especially, in ecclesiastical history, one who professed mysticism. See Mysticism.
Mysticete	Any right whale, or whalebone whale. See Cetacea.
Mysticism	Obscurity of doctrine.
Mysticism	The doctrine of the Mystics, who professed a pure, sublime, and wholly disinterested devotion, and maintained that they had direct intercourse with the divine Spirit, and aquired a knowledge of God and of spiritual things unattainable by the natural intellect, and such as can not be analyzed or explained.
Mysticism	The doctrine that the ultimate elements or principles of knowledge or belief are gained by an act or process akin to feeling or faith.
Mystification	The act of mystifying, or the state of being mystied; also, something designed to, or that does, mystify.
Mystificator	One who mystifies.
Mystified	of Mystify
Mystifying	of Mystify
Mystify	To involve in mystery; to make obscure or difficult to understand; as, to mystify a passage of Scripture.
Mystify	To perplex the mind of; to puzzle; to impose upon the credulity of ; as, to mystify an opponent.
Mytacism	Too frequent use of the letter m, or of the sound represented by it.
Myth	A story of great but unknown age which originally embodied a belief regarding some fact or phenomenon of experience, and in which often the forces of nature and of the soul are personified; an ancient legend of a god, a hero, the origin of a race, etc.; a wonder story of prehistoric origin; a popular fable which is, or has been, received as historical.
Myth	A person or thing existing only in imagination, or whose actual existence is not verifiable.
Mythe	See Myth.
Mythic	Alt. of Mythical
Mythical	Of or relating to myths; described in a myth; of the nature of a myth; fabulous; imaginary; fanciful.
Mythographer	A composer of fables.
Mythologer	A mythologist.
Mythologian	A mythologist.
Mythologic	Alt. of Mythological
Mythological	Of or pertaining to mythology or to myths; mythical; fabulous.
Mythologist	One versed in, or who writes on, mythology or myths.
Mythologize	To relate, classify, and explain, or attempt to explain, myths; to write upon myths.
Mythologize	To construct and propagate myths.
Mythologizer	One who, or that which, mythologizes.
Mythologue	A fabulous narrative; a myth.
Mythologies	of Mythology
Mythology	The science which treats of myths; a treatise on myths.
Mythology	A body of myths; esp., the collective myths which describe the gods of a heathen people; as, the mythology of the Greeks.
Mythoplasm	A narration of mere fable.
Mythopoeic	Making or producing myths; giving rise to mythical narratives.
Mythopoetic	Making or producing myths or mythical tales.
Mytiloid	Like, or pertaining to, the genus Mytilus, or family Mytilidae.
Mytilotoxine	A poisonous base (leucomaine) found in the common mussel. It either causes paralysis of the muscles, or gives rise to convulsions, including death by an accumulation of carbonic acid in the blood.
Mytilus	A genus of marine bivalve shells, including the common mussel. See Illust. under Byssus.
Myxa	The distal end of the mandibles of a bird.
Myxine	A genus of marsipobranchs, including the hagfish. See Hag, 4.
Myxinoid	Like, or pertaining to, the genus Myxine.
Myxinoid	A hagfish.
Myxocystodea	A division of Infusoria including the Noctiluca. See Noctiluca.
Myxomata	of Myxoma
Myxoma	A tumor made up of a gelatinous tissue resembling that found in the umbilical cord.
Myxopod	A rhizopod or moneran. Also used adjectively; as, a myxopod state.
Myzontes	The Marsipobranchiata.
Myzostomata	An order of curious parasitic worms found on crinoids. The body is short and disklike, with four pairs of suckers and five pairs of hook-bearing parapodia on the under side.
