N	the fourteenth letter of English alphabet, is a vocal consonent, and, in allusion to its mode of formation, is called the dentinasal or linguanasal consonent. Its commoner sound is that heard in ran, done; but when immediately followed in the same word by the sound of g hard or k (as in single, sink, conquer), it usually represents the same sound as the digraph ng in sing, bring, etc. This is a simple but related sound, and is called the gutturo-nasal consonent. See Guide to Pronunciation, // 243-246.
N	A measure of space equal to half an M (or em); an en.
Na	No, not. See No.
Nab	The summit of an eminence.
Nab	The cock of a gunlock.
Nab	The keeper, or box into which the lock is shot.
Nabbed	of Nab
Nabbing	of Nab
Nab	To catch or seize suddenly or unexpectedly.
Nabit	Pulverized sugar candy.
Nabk	The edible berries of the Zizyphys Lotus, a tree of Northern Africa, and Southwestern Europe.
Nabob	A deputy or viceroy in India; a governor of a province of the ancient Mogul empire.
Nabob	One who returns to Europe from the East with immense riches: hence, any man of great wealth.
Nacarat	A pale red color, with a cast of orange.
Nacarat	Fine linen or crape dyed of this color.
Nacker	See Nacre.
Nacre	A pearly substance which lines the interior of many shells, and is most perfect in the mother-of-pearl. [Written also nacker and naker.] See Pearl, and Mother-of-pearl.
Nacreous	Consisting of, or resembling, nacre; pearly.
Nad	Alt. of Nadde
Nadde	Had not.
Nadder	An adder.
Nadir	That point of the heavens, or lower hemisphere, directly opposite the zenith; the inferior pole of the horizon; the point of the celestial sphere directly under the place where we stand.
Nadir	The lowest point; the time of greatest depression.
Naenia	See Nenia.
Naeve	A naevus.
Naevoid	Resembling a naevus or naevi; as, naevoid elephantiasis.
Naevose	Spotted; frecled.
Naevi	of Navus
Navus	A spot or mark on the skin of children when born; a birthmark; -- usually applied to vascular tumors, i. e., those consisting mainly of blood vessels, as dilated arteries, veins, or capillaries.
Nag	A small horse; a pony; hence, any horse.
Nag	A paramour; -- in contempt.
Nagged	of Nag
Nagging	of Nag
Nag	To tease in a petty way; to scold habitually; to annoy; to fret pertinaciously.
Nagging	Fault-finding; teasing; persistently annoying; as, a nagging toothache.
Naggy	Irritable; touchy.
Nagor	A West African gazelle (Gazella redunca).
Nagyagite	A mineral of blackish lead-gray color and metallic luster, generally of a foliated massive structure; foliated tellurium. It is a telluride of lead and gold.
Naiad	A water nymph; one of the lower female divinities, fabled to preside over some body of fresh water, as a lake, river, brook, or fountain.
Naiad	Any species of a tribe (Naiades) of freshwater bivalves, including Unio, Anodonta, and numerous allied genera; a river mussel.
Naiad	One of a group of butterflies. See Nymph.
Naiad	Any plant of the order Naiadaceae, such as eelgrass, pondweed, etc.
Naiant	See Natant.
Naid	Any one of numerous species of small, fresh-water, chaetopod annelids of the tribe Naidina. They belong to the Oligochaeta.
Naif	Having a true natural luster without being cut; -- applied by jewelers to a precious stone.
Naif	Naive; as, a naif remark.
Naik	A chief; a leader; a Sepoy corporal.
Nail	the horny scale of plate of epidermis at the end of the fingers and toes of man and many apes.
Nail	The basal thickened portion of the anterior wings of certain hemiptera.
Nail	The terminal horny plate on the beak of ducks, and other allied birds.
Nail	A slender, pointed piece of metal, usually with a head, used for fastening pieces of wood or other material together, by being driven into or through them.
Nail	A measure of length, being two inches and a quarter, or the sixteenth of a yard.
Nailed	of Nail
Nailing	of Nail
Nail	To fasten with a nail or nails; to close up or secure by means of nails; as, to nail boards to the beams.
Nail	To stud or boss with nails, or as with nails.
Nail	To fasten, as with a nail; to bind or hold, as to a bargain or to acquiescence in an argument or assertion; hence, to catch; to trap.
Nail	To spike, as a cannon.
Nailbrush	A brush for cleaning the nails.
Nailer	One whose occupation is to make nails; a nail maker.
Nailer	One who fastens with, or drives, nails.
Naileress	A women who makes nailes.
Naileries	of Nailery
Nailery	A manufactory where nails are made.
Nail-headed	Having a head like that of a nail; formed so as to resemble the head of a nail.
Nailless	Without nails; having no nails.
Nainsook	A thick sort of jaconet muslin, plain or striped, formerly made in India.
Nais	See Naiad.
Naissant	Same as Jessant.
Naive	Having native or unaffected simplicity; ingenuous; artless; frank; as, naive manners; a naive person; naive and unsophisticated remarks.
Naively	In a naive manner.
Naivete	Native simplicity; unaffected plainness or ingenuousness; artlessness.
Naivety	Naivete.
Nake	To make naked.
Naked	Having no clothes on; uncovered; nude; bare; as, a naked body; a naked limb; a naked sword.
Naked	Having no means of defense or protection; open; unarmed; defenseless.
Naked	Unprovided with needful or desirable accessories, means of sustenance, etc.; destitute; unaided; bare.
Naked	Without addition, exaggeration, or excuses; not concealed or disguised; open to view; manifest; plain.
Naked	Mere; simple; plain.
Naked	Without pubescence; as, a naked leaf or stem; bare, or not covered by the customary parts, as a flower without a perianth, a stem without leaves, seeds without a pericarp, buds without bud scales.
Naked	Not having the full complement of tones; -- said of a chord of only two tones, which requires a third tone to be sounded with them to make the combination pleasing to the ear; as, a naked fourth or fifth.
Nakedly	In a naked manner; without covering or disguise; manifestly; simply; barely.
Nakedness	The condition of being naked.
Nakedness	The privy parts; the genitals.
Naker	Same as Nacre.
Naker	A kind of kettledrum.
Nakoo	The gavial.
Nale	Ale; also, an alehouse.
Nall	An awl.
Nam	Am not.
Nam	imp. of Nim.
Namable	Capable of being named.
Namation	A distraining or levying of a distress; an impounding.
Namaycush	A large North American lake trout (Salvelinus namaycush). It is usually spotted with red, and sometimes weighs over forty pounds. Called also Mackinaw trout, lake trout, lake salmon, salmon trout, togue, and tuladi.
Namby-pamby	Talk or writing which is weakly sentimental or affectedly pretty.
Namby-pamby	Affectedly pretty; weakly sentimental; finical; insipid.
Name	The title by which any person or thing is known or designated; a distinctive specific appellation, whether of an individual or a class.
Name	A descriptive or qualifying appellation given to a person or thing, on account of a character or acts.
Name	Reputed character; reputation, good or bad; estimation; fame; especially, illustrious character or fame; honorable estimation; distinction.
Name	Those of a certain name; a race; a family.
Name	A person, an individual.
Named	of Name
Naming	of Name
Name	To give a distinctive name or appellation to; to entitle; to denominate; to style; to call.
Name	To mention by name; to utter or publish the name of; to refer to by distinctive title; to mention.
Name	To designate by name or specifically for any purpose; to nominate; to specify; to appoint; as, to name a day for the wedding.
Name	To designate (a member) by name, as the Speaker does by way of reprimand.
Nameless	Without a name; not having been given a name; as, a nameless star.
Nameless	Undistinguished; not noted or famous.
Nameless	Not known or mentioned by name; anonymous; as, a nameless writer.
Nameless	Unnamable; indescribable; inexpressible.
Namelessly	In a nameless manner.
Namely	By name; by particular mention; specifically; especially; expressly.
Namely	That is to say; to wit; videlicet; -- introducing a particular or specific designation.
Namer	One who names, or calls by name.
Namesake	One that has the same name as another; especially, one called after, or named out of regard to, another.
Namo	No more.
Nan	Anan.
Nandine	An African carnivore (Nandinia binotata), allied to the civets. It is spotted with black.
Nandou	Alt. of Nandu
Nandu	Any one of three species of South American ostriches of the genera Rhea and Pterocnemia. See Rhea.
Nankeen	A species of cloth, of a firm texture, originally brought from China, made of a species of cotton (Gossypium religiosum) that is naturally of a brownish yellow color quite indestructible and permanent.
Nankeen	An imitation of this cloth by artificial coloring.
Nankeen	Trousers made of nankeen.
Nanny	A diminutive of Ann or Anne, the proper name.
Nannyberry	See Sheepberry.
Nanpie	The magpie.
Naos	A term used by modern archaeologists instead of cella. See Cella.
Napped	of Nap
Napping	of Nap
Nap	To have a short sleep; to be drowsy; to doze.
Nap	To be in a careless, secure state.
Nap	A short sleep; a doze; a siesta.
Nap	Woolly or villous surface of felt, cloth, plants, etc.; an external covering of down, of short fine hairs or fibers forming part of the substance of anything, and lying smoothly in one direction; the pile; -- as, the nap of cotton flannel or of broadcloth.
Nap	The loops which are cut to make the pile, in velvet.
Nap	To raise, or put, a nap on.
Nape	The back part of the neck.
Nape-crest	An African bird of the genus Schizorhis, related to the plantain eaters.
Naperies	of Napery
Napery	Table linen; also, linen clothing, or linen in general.
Napha water	A perfume distilled from orange flowers.
Naphew	See Navew.
Naphtha	The complex mixture of volatile, liquid, inflammable hydrocarbons, occurring naturally, and usually called crude petroleum, mineral oil, or rock oil. Specifically: That portion of the distillate obtained in the refinement of petroleum which is intermediate between the lighter gasoline and the heavier benzine, and has a specific gravity of about 0.7, -- used as a solvent for varnishes, as a carburetant, illuminant, etc.
Naphtha	One of several volatile inflammable liquids obtained by the distillation of certain carbonaceous materials and resembling the naphtha from petroleum; as, Boghead naphtha, from Boghead coal (obtained at Boghead, Scotland); crude naphtha, or light oil, from coal tar; wood naphtha, from wood, etc.
Naphthalate	A salt of naphthalic acid; a phthalate.
Naphthalene	A white crystalline aromatic hydrocarbon, C10H8, analogous to benzene, and obtained by the distillation of certain bituminous materials, such as the heavy oil of coal tar. It is the type and basis of a large number of derivatives among organic compounds. Formerly called also naphthaline.
Naphthalenic	Pertaining to , or derived from, naphthalene; -- used specifically to designate a yellow crystalline substance, called naphthalenic acid and also hydroxy quinone, and obtained from certain derivatives of naphthol.
Naphthalic	Pertaining to, derived from, or related to, naphthalene; -- used specifically to denote any one of a series of acids derived from naphthalene, and called naphthalene acids.
Naphthalic	Formerly, designating an acid probably identical with phthalic acid.
Naphthalidine	Same as Naphthylamine.
Naphthalin	Alt. of Naphthaline
Naphthaline	See Naphthalene.
Naphthalize	To mingle, saturate, or impregnate, with naphtha.
Naphthazarin	A dyestuff, resembling alizarin, obtained from naphthoquinone as a red crystalline substance with a bright green, metallic luster; -- called also naphthalizarin.
Naphthene	A peculiar hydrocarbon occuring as an ingredient of Caucasian petroleum.
Naphthide	A compound of naphthalene or its radical with a metallic element; as, mercuric naphthide.
Naphthoic	Pertaining to, derived from, or related to, naphthalene; -- used specifically to designate any one of a series of carboxyl derivatives, called naphthoic acids.
Naphthol	Any one of a series of hydroxyl derivatives of naphthalene, analogous to phenol. In general they are crystalline substances with a phenol (carbolic) odor.
Naphthoquinone	A yellow crystalline substance, C10H6O2, analogous to quinone, obtained by oxidizing naphthalene with chromic acid.
Naphthyl	A hydrocarbon radical regarded as the essential residue of naphthalene.
Naphthylamine	One of two basic amido derivatives of naphthalene, C10H7.NH2, forming crystalline solids.
Napierian	Alt. of Naperian
Naperian	Of, pertaining to, or discovered by, Napier, or Naper.
Napier's bones	Alt. of Napier's rods
Napier's rods	A set of rods, made of bone or other material, each divided into nine spaces, and containing the numbers of a column of the multiplication table; -- a contrivance of Baron Napier, the inventor of logarithms, for facilitating the operations of multiplication and division.
Napiform	Turnip-shaped; large and round in the upper part, and very slender below.
Napkin	A little towel, or small cloth, esp. one for wiping the fingers and mouth at table.
Napkin	A handkerchief.
Napless	Without nap; threadbare.
Naples yellow	See under Yellow.
Napoleon	A French gold coin of twenty francs, or about $3.86.
Napoleonic	Of or pertaining to Napoleon I., or his family; resembling, or having the qualities of, Napoleon I.
Napoleonist	A supporter of the dynasty of the Napoleons.
Nappe	Sheet; surface; all that portion of a surface that is continuous in such a way that it is possible to pass from any one point of the portion to any other point of the portion without leaving the surface. Thus, some hyperboloids have one nappe, and some have two.
Nappiness	The quality of having a nap; abundance of nap, as on cloth.
Napping	The act or process of raising a nap, as on cloth.
Napping	A sheet of partially felted fur before it is united to the hat body.
Nappy	Inclined to sleep; sleepy; as, to feel nappy.
Nappy	Tending to cause sleepiness; serving to make sleepy; strong; heady; as, nappy ale.
Nappy	Having a nap or pile; downy; shaggy.
Nappies	of Nappy
Nappy	A round earthen dish, with a flat bottom and sloping sides.
Nap-taking	A taking by surprise; an unexpected onset or attack.
Napu	A very small chevrotain (Tragulus Javanicus), native of Java. It is about the size of a hare, and is noted for its agility in leaping. Called also Java musk deer, pygmy musk deer, and deerlet.
Napus	A kind of turnip. See Navew.
Narceine	An alkaloid found in small quantities in opium, and extracted as a white crystalline substance of a bitter astringent taste. It is a narcotic. Called also narceia.
Narcissine	Of or pertaining to Narcissus.
Narcissuses	of Narcissus
Narcissus	A genus of endogenous bulbous plants with handsome flowers, having a cup-shaped crown within the six-lobed perianth, and comprising the daffodils and jonquils of several kinds.
Narcissus	A beautiful youth fabled to have been enamored of his own image as seen in a fountain, and to have been changed into the flower called Narcissus.
Narcosis	Privation of sense or consciousness, due to a narcotic.
Narcotic	Having the properties of a narcotic; operating as a narcotic.
Narcotic	A drug which, in medicinal doses, generally allays morbid susceptibility, relieves pain, and produces sleep; but which, in poisonous doses, produces stupor, coma, or convulsions, and, when given in sufficient quantity, causes death. The best examples are opium (with morphine), belladonna (with atropine), and conium.
Narcotical	Narcotic.
Narcotine	An alkaloid found in opium, and extracted as a white crystalline substance, tasteless and less poisonous than morphine; -- called also narcotia.
Narcotinic	Pertaining to narcotine.
Narcotism	Narcosis; the state of being narcotized.
Narcotized	of Narcotize
Narcotizing	of Narcotize
Narcotize	To imbue with, or subject to the influence of, a narcotic; to put into a state of narcosis.
Nard	An East Indian plant (Nardostachys Jatamansi) of the Valerian family, used from remote ages in Oriental perfumery.
Nard	An ointment prepared partly from this plant. See Spikenard.
Nard	A kind of grass (Nardus stricta) of little value, found in Europe and Asia.
Nardine	Of or pertaining to nard; having the qualities of nard.
Nardoo	An Australian name for Marsilea Drummondii, a four-leaved cryptogamous plant, sometimes used for food.
Nare	A nostril.
Nares	The nostrils or nasal openings, -- the anterior nares being the external or proper nostrils, and the posterior nares, the openings of the nasal cavities into the mouth or pharynx.
Nargile	Alt. of Nargileh
Nargileh	An apparatus for smoking tobacco. It has a long flexible tube, and the smoke is drawn through water.
Narica	The brown coati. See Coati.
Nariform	Formed like the nose.
Narine	Of or belonging to the nostrils.
Narrable	Capable of being narrated or told.
Narragansetts	A tribe of Indians who formerly inhabited the shores of Narragansett Bay.
Narrated	of Narrate
Narrating	of Narrate
Narrate	To tell, rehearse, or recite, as a story; to relate the particulars of; to go through with in detail, as an incident or transaction; to give an account of.
Narration	The act of telling or relating the particulars of an event; rehearsal; recital.
Narration	That which is related; the relation in words or writing of the particulars of any transaction or event, or of any series of transactions or events; story; history.
Narration	That part of a discourse which recites the time, manner, or consequences of an action, or simply states the facts connected with the subject.
Narrative	Of or pertaining to narration; relating to the particulars of an event or transaction.
Narrative	Apt or inclined to relate stories, or to tell particulars of events; story-telling; garrulous.
Narrative	That which is narrated; the recital of a story; a continuous account of the particulars of an event or transaction; a story.
Narratively	In the style of narration.
Narrator	One who narrates; one who relates a series of events or transactions.
Narratory	Giving an account of events; narrative; as, narratory letters.
Narre	Nearer.
Narrow	Of little breadth; not wide or broad; having little distance from side to side; as, a narrow board; a narrow street; a narrow hem.
Narrow	Of little extent; very limited; circumscribed.
Narrow	Having but a little margin; having barely sufficient space, time, or number, etc.; close; near; -- with special reference to some peril or misfortune; as, a narrow shot; a narrow escape; a narrow majority.
Narrow	Limited as to means; straitened; pinching; as, narrow circumstances.
Narrow	Contracted; of limited scope; illiberal; bigoted; as, a narrow mind; narrow views.
Narrow	Parsimonious; niggardly; covetous; selfish.
Narrow	Scrutinizing in detail; close; accurate; exact.
Narrow	Formed (as a vowel) by a close position of some part of the tongue in relation to the palate; or (according to Bell) by a tense condition of the pharynx; -- distinguished from wide; as e (eve) and / (f/d), etc., from i (ill) and / (f/t), etc. See Guide to Pronunciation, / 13.
Narrows	of Narrow
Narrow	A narrow passage; esp., a contracted part of a stream, lake, or sea; a strait connecting two bodies of water; -- usually in the plural; as, The Narrows of New York harbor.
Narrowed	of Narrow
Narrowing	of Narrow
Narrow	To lessen the breadth of; to contract; to draw into a smaller compass; to reduce the width or extent of.
Narrow	To contract the reach or sphere of; to make less liberal or more selfish; to limit; to confine; to restrict; as, to narrow one's views or knowledge; to narrow a question in discussion.
Narrow	To contract the size of, as a stocking, by taking two stitches into one.
Narrow	To become less broad; to contract; to become narrower; as, the sea narrows into a strait.
Narrow	Not to step out enough to the one hand or the other; as, a horse narrows.
Narrow	To contract the size of a stocking or other knit article, by taking two stitches into one.
Narrower	One who, or that which, narrows or contracts.
Narrowing	The act of contracting, or of making or becoming less in breadth or extent.
Narrowing	The part of a stocking which is narrowed.
Narrowly	With little breadth; in a narrow manner.
Narrowly	Without much extent; contractedly.
Narrowly	With minute scrutiny; closely; as, to look or watch narrowly; to search narrowly.
Narrowly	With a little margin or space; by a small distance; hence, closely; hardly; barely; only just; -- often with reference to an avoided danger or misfortune; as, he narrowly escaped.
Narrowly	Sparingly; parsimoniously.
Narrow-minded	Of narrow mental scope; illiberal; mean.
Narrowness	The condition or quality of being narrow.
Nart	Art not.
Narthex	A tall umbelliferous plant (Ferula communis). See Giant fennel, under Fennel.
Narthex	The portico in front of ancient churches; sometimes, the atrium or outer court surrounded by ambulatories; -- used, generally, for any vestibule, lobby, or outer porch, leading to the nave of a church.
Narwal	See Narwhal.
Narwe	Narrow.
Narwhal	An arctic cetacean (Monodon monocerous), about twenty feet long. The male usually has one long, twisted, pointed canine tooth, or tusk projecting forward from the upper jaw like a horn, whence it is called also sea unicorn, unicorn fish, and unicorn whale. Sometimes two horns are developed, side by side.
Nas	Was not.
Nas	Has not.
Nasal	Of or pertaining to the nose.
Nasal	Having a quality imparted by means of the nose; and specifically, made by lowering the soft palate, in some cases with closure of the oral passage, the voice thus issuing (wholly or partially) through the nose, as in the consonants m, n, ng (see Guide to Pronunciation, // 20, 208); characterized by resonance in the nasal passage; as, a nasal vowel; a nasal utterance.
Nasal	An elementary sound which is uttered through the nose, or through both the nose and the mouth simultaneously.
Nasal	A medicine that operates through the nose; an errhine.
Nasal	Part of a helmet projecting to protect the nose; a nose guard.
Nasal	One of the nasal bones.
Nasal	A plate, or scale, on the nose of a fish, etc.
Nasality	The quality or state of being nasal.
Nasalization	The act of nasalizing, or the state of being nasalized.
Nasalized	of Nasalize
Nasalizing	of Nasalize
Nasalize	To render nasal, as sound; to insert a nasal or sound in.
Nasalize	To utter words or letters with a nasal sound; to speak through the nose.
Nasally	In a nasal manner; by the nose.
Nascal	A kind of pessary of medicated wool or cotton, formerly used.
Nascency	State of being nascent; birth; beginning; origin.
Nascent	Commencing, or in process of development; beginning to exist or to grow; coming into being; as, a nascent germ.
Nascent	Evolving; being evolved or produced.
Naseberry	A tropical fruit. See Sapodilla.
Nash	Firm; stiff; hard; also, chilly.
Nasicornous	Bearing a horn, or horns, on the nose, as the rhinoceros.
Nasiform	Having the shape of a nose.
Nasion	The middle point of the nasofrontal suture.
Naso-	A combining form denoting pertaining to, or connected with, the nose; as, nasofrontal.
Nasobuccal	Connected with both the nose and the mouth; as, the nasobuccal groove in the skate.
Nasofrontal	Of or pertaining to the nose and the front of the head; as, the embryonic nasofrontal process which forms the anterior boundary of the mouth.
Nasolachrymal	Connected with the lachrymal apparatus and the nose; as, the nasolachrymal, or lachrymal duct.
Nasopalatal	Alt. of Nasopalatine
Nasopalatine	Connected with both the nose and the palate; as, the nasopalatine or incisor, canal connecting the mouth and the nasal chamber in some animals; the nasopalatine nerve.
Nasopharyngeal	Of or pertaining to both throat and nose; as, a nasopharyngeal polypus.
Nasoseptal	Of or pertaining to the internasal septum.
Nasoturbinal	Connected with, or near, both the turbinal and the nasal bones; as, the nasalturbinal bone, made up of the uppermost lammelae of the ethmoturbinal, and sometimes united with the nasal.
Nasoturbinal	The nasoturbinal bone.
Nassas	of Nassa
NassAe	of Nassa
Nassa	Any species of marine gastropods, of the genera Nassa, Tritia, and other allied genera of the family Nassidae; a dog whelk. See Illust. under Gastropoda.
Nastily	In a nasty manner.
Nastiness	The quality or state of being nasty; extreme filthness; dirtiness; also, indecency; obscenity.
Nasturtion	Same as Nasturtium.
Nasturtium	A genus of cruciferous plants, having white or yellowish flowers, including several species of cress. They are found chiefly in wet or damp grounds, and have a pungent biting taste.
Nasturtium	Any plant of the genus Tropaeolum, geraniaceous herbs, having mostly climbing stems, peltate leaves, and spurred flowers, and including the common Indian cress (Tropaeolum majus), the canary-bird flower (T. peregrinum), and about thirty more species, all natives of South America. The whole plant has a warm pungent flavor, and the fleshy fruits are used as a substitute for capers, while the leaves and flowers are sometimes used in salads.
Nasty	Offensively filthy; very dirty, foul, or defiled; disgusting; nauseous.
Nasty	Hence, loosely: Offensive; disagreeable; unpropitious; wet; drizzling; as, a nasty rain, day, sky.
Nasty	Characterized by obcenity; indecent; indelicate; gross; filthy.
Nasute	Having a nice sense of smell.
Nasute	Critically nice; captious.
Nasutness	Quickness of scent; hence, nice discernment; acuteness.
Nat	Not.
Nat	Not at; nor at.
Natal	Of or pertaining to one's birth; accompying or dating from one's birth; native.
Natal	Presiding over nativity; as, natal Jove.
Natalitial	Alt. of Natalitious
Natalitious	Of or pertaining to one's birth or birthday, or one's nativity.
Nataloin	A bitter crystalline substance constituting the essential principle of Natal aloes.  Cf. Aloon.
Natal plum	The drupaceous fruit of two South African shrubs of the genus Arduina (A. bispinosa and A. grandiflora).
Natals	One's birth, or the circumstances attending it.
Natant	Floating in water, as the leaves of water lilies, or submersed, as those of many aquatic plants.
Natant	Placed horizontally across the field, as if swimmimg toward the dexter side; said of all sorts of fishes except the flying fish.
Natantly	In a floating manner; swimmingly.
Natation	The act of floating on the water; swimming.
Natatores	The swimming birds.
Natatorial	Inclined or adapted to swim; swimming; as, natatorial birds.
Natatorious	Adapted for swimming; -- said of the legs of certain insects.
Natatorium	A swimming bath.
Natatory	Adapted for swimming or floating; as, natatory organs.
Natch	The rump of beef; esp., the lower and back part of the rump.
Natchez	A tribe of Indians who formerly lived near the site of the city of Natchez, Mississippi. In 1729 they were subdued by the French; the survivors joined the Creek Confederacy.
Natchnee	An annual grass (Eleusine coracona), cultivated in India as a food plant.
Nates	The buttocks.
Nates	The two anterior of the four lobes on the dorsal side of the midbrain of most mammals; the anterior optic lobes.
Nates	The umbones of a bivalve shell.
Nath	hath not.
Nathless	Nevertheless.
Nathmore	Not the more; never the more.
Naticas	of Natica
NaticAe	of Natica
Natica	Any one of numerous species of marine gastropods belonging to Natica, Lunatia, Neverita, and other allied genera (family Naticidae.) They burrow beneath the sand, or mud, and drill other shells.
Naticoid	Like or belonging to Natica, or the family Naticidae.
Nation	A part, or division, of the people of the earth, distinguished from the rest by common descent, language, or institutions; a race; a stock.
Nation	The body of inhabitants of a country, united under an independent government of their own.
Nation	Family; lineage.
Nation	One of the divisions of university students in a classification according to nativity, formerly common in Europe.
Nation	One of the four divisions (named from the parts of Scotland) in which students were classified according to their nativity.
Nation	A great number; a great deal; -- by way of emphasis; as, a nation of herbs.
National	Of or pertaining to a nation; common to a whole people or race; public; general; as, a national government, language, dress, custom, calamity, etc.
National	Attached to one's own country or nation.
Nationalism	The state of being national; national attachment; nationality.
Nationalism	An idiom, trait, or character peculiar to any nation.
Nationalism	National independence; the principles of the Nationalists.
Nationalist	One who advocates national unity and independence; one of a party favoring Irish independence.
Nationalities	of Nationality
Nationality	The quality of being national, or strongly attached to one's own nation; patriotism.
Nationality	The sum of the qualities which distinguish a nation; national character.
Nationality	A race or people, as determined by common language and character, and not by political bias or divisions; a nation.
Nationality	Existence as a distinct or individual nation; national unity and integrity.
Nationality	The state or quality of belonging to or being connected with a nation or government by nativity, character, ownership, allegiance, etc.
Nationalization	The act of nationalizing, or the state of being nationalized.
Nationalized	of Nationalize
Nationalizing	of Nationalize
Nationalize	To make national; to make a nation of; to endow with the character and habits of a nation, or the peculiar sentiments and attachment of citizens of a nation.
Nationally	In a national manner or way; as a nation.
Nationalness	The quality or state of being national; nationality.
Native	Arising by birth; having an origin; born.
Native	Of or pertaining to one's birth; natal; belonging to the place or the circumstances in which one is born; -- opposed to foreign; as, native land, language, color, etc.
Native	Born in the region in which one lives; as, a native inhabitant, race; grown or originating in the region where used or sold; not foreign or imported; as, native oysters, or strawberries.
Native	Original; constituting the original substance of anything; as, native dust.
Native	Conferred by birth; derived from origin; born with one; inherent; inborn; not acquired; as, native genius, cheerfulness, simplicity, rights, etc.
Native	Naturally related; cognate; connected (with).
Native	Found in nature uncombined with other elements; as, native silver.
Native	Found in nature; not artificial; as native sodium chloride.
Native	One who, or that which, is born in a place or country referred to; a denizen by birth; an animal, a fruit, or vegetable, produced in a certain region; as, a native of France.
Native	Any of the live stock found in a region, as distinguished from such as belong to pure and distinct imported breeds.
Natively	By natural or original condition; naturally; originally.
Nativeness	The quality or state of being native.
Nativism	The disposition to favor the native inhabitants of a country, in preference to immigrants from foreign countries.
Nativism	The doctrine of innate ideas, or that the mind possesses forms of thought independent of sensation.
Nativist	An advocate of nativism.
Nativistic	Relating to nativism.
Nativies	of Nativity
Nativity	The coming into life or into the world; birth; also, the circumstances attending birth, as time, place, manner, etc.
Nativity	A picture representing or symbolizing the early infancy of Christ. The simplest form is the babe in a rude cradle, and the heads of an ox and an ass to express the stable in which he was born.
Nativity	A representation of the positions of the heavenly bodies as the moment of one's birth, supposed to indicate his future destinies; a horoscope.
Natka	A species of shrike.
Natrium	The technical name for sodium.
Natrolite	A zeolite occuring in groups of glassy acicular crystals, and in masses which often have a radiated structure. It is a hydrous silicate of alumina and soda.
Natron	Native sodium carbonate.
Natter	To find fault; to be peevish.
Natterjack	A European toad (Bufo calamita), having a yellow line along its back.
Natty	Neat; tidy; spruce.
Natural	Fixed or determined by nature; pertaining to the constitution of a thing; belonging to native character; according to nature; essential; characteristic; not artifical, foreign, assumed, put on, or acquired; as, the natural growth of animals or plants; the natural motion of a gravitating body; natural strength or disposition; the natural heat of the body; natural color.
Natural	Conformed to the order, laws, or actual facts, of nature; consonant to the methods of nature; according to the stated course of things, or in accordance with the laws which govern events, feelings, etc.; not exceptional or violent; legitimate; normal; regular; as, the natural consequence of crime; a natural death.
Natural	Having to do with existing system to things; dealing with, or derived from, the creation, or the world of matter and mind, as known by man; within the scope of human reason or experience; not supernatural; as, a natural law; natural science; history, theology.
Natural	Conformed to truth or reality
Natural	Springing from true sentiment; not artifical or exaggerated; -- said of action, delivery, etc.; as, a natural gesture, tone, etc.
Natural	Resembling the object imitated; true to nature; according to the life; -- said of anything copied or imitated; as, a portrait is natural.
Natural	Having the character or sentiments properly belonging to one's position; not unnatural in feelings.
Natural	Connected by the ties of consanguinity.
Natural	Begotten without the sanction of law; born out of wedlock; illegitimate; bastard; as, a natural child.
Natural	Of or pertaining to the lower or animal nature, as contrasted with the higher or moral powers, or that which is spiritual; being in a state of nature; unregenerate.
Natural	Belonging to, to be taken in, or referred to, some system, in which the base is 1; -- said or certain functions or numbers; as, natural numbers, those commencing at 1; natural sines, cosines, etc., those taken in arcs whose radii are 1.
Natural	Produced by natural organs, as those of the human throat, in distinction from instrumental music.
Natural	Of or pertaining to a key which has neither a flat nor a sharp for its signature, as the key of C major.
Natural	Applied to an air or modulation of harmony which moves by easy and smooth transitions, digressing but little from the original key.
Natural	A native; an aboriginal.
Natural	Natural gifts, impulses, etc.
Natural	One born without the usual powers of reason or understanding; an idiot.
Natural	A character [/] used to contradict, or to remove the effect of, a sharp or flat which has preceded it, and to restore the unaltered note.
Naturalism	A state of nature; conformity to nature.
Naturalism	The doctrine of those who deny a supernatural agency in the miracles and revelations recorded in the Bible, and in spiritual influences; also, any system of philosophy which refers the phenomena of nature to a blind force or forces acting necessarily or according to fixed laws, excluding origination or direction by one intelligent will.
Naturalist	One versed in natural science; a student of natural history, esp. of the natural history of animals.
Naturalist	One who holds or maintains the doctrine of naturalism in religion.
Naturalistic	Belonging to the doctrines of naturalism.
Naturalistic	Closely resembling nature; realistic.
Naturality	Nature; naturalness.
Naturalization	The act or process of naturalizing, esp. of investing an alien with the rights and privileges of a native or citizen; also, the state of being naturalized.
Naturalized	of Naturalize
Naturalizing	of Naturalize
Naturalize	To make natural; as, custom naturalizes labor or study.
Naturalize	To confer the rights and privileges of a native subject or citizen on; to make as if native; to adopt, as a foreigner into a nation or state, and place in the condition of a native subject.
Naturalize	To receive or adopt as native, natural, or vernacular; to make one's own; as, to naturalize foreign words.
Naturalize	To adapt; to accustom; to habituate; to acclimate; to cause to grow as under natural conditions.
Naturalize	To become as if native.
Naturalize	To explain phenomena by natural agencies or laws, to the exclusion of the supernatural.
Naturally	In a natural manner or way; according to the usual course of things; spontaneously.
Naturalness	The state or quality of being natural; conformity to nature.
Nature	The existing system of things; the world of matter, or of matter and mind; the creation; the universe.
Nature	The personified sum and order of causes and effects; the powers which produce existing phenomena, whether in the total or in detail; the agencies which carry on the processes of creation or of being; -- often conceived of as a single and separate entity, embodying the total of all finite agencies and forces as disconnected from a creating or ordering intelligence.
Nature	The established or regular course of things; usual order of events; connection of cause and effect.
Nature	Conformity to that which is natural, as distinguished from that which is artifical, or forced, or remote from actual experience.
Nature	The sum of qualities and attributes which make a person or thing what it is, as distinct from others; native character; inherent or essential qualities or attributes; peculiar constitution or quality of being.
Nature	Hence: Kind, sort; character; quality.
Nature	Physical constitution or existence; the vital powers; the natural life.
Nature	Natural affection or reverence.
Nature	Constitution or quality of mind or character.
Nature	To endow with natural qualities.
Natured	Having (such) a nature, temper, or disposition; disposed; -- used in composition; as, good-natured, ill-natured, etc.
Natureless	Not in accordance with nature; unnatural.
Naturism	The belief or doctrine that attributes everything to nature as a sanative agent.
Naturist	One who believes in, or conforms to, the theory of naturism.
Naturity	The quality or state of being produced by nature.
Naturize	To endow with a nature or qualities; to refer to nature.
Naufrage	Shipwreck; ruin.
Naufragous	causing shipwreck.
Naught	Nothing.
Naught	The arithmetical character 0; a cipher. See Cipher.
Naught	In no degree; not at all.
Naught	Of no value or account; worthless; bad; useless.
Naught	Hence, vile; base; naughty.
Naughtily	In a naughty manner; wickedly; perversely.
Naughtiness	The quality or state of being naughty; perverseness; badness; wickedness.
Naughtly	Naughtily; wrongly.
Naughty	Having little or nothing.
Naughty	Worthless; bad; good for nothing.
Naughty	hence, corrupt; wicked.
Naughty	Mischievous; perverse; froward; guilty of disobedient or improper conduct; as, a naughty child.
Naumachy	A naval battle; esp., a mock sea fight.
Naumachy	A show or spectacle representing a sea fight; also, a place for such exhibitions.
Nauplii	of Nauplius
Nauplius	A crustacean larva having three pairs of locomotive organs (corresponding to the antennules, antennae, and mandibles), a median eye, and little or no segmentation of the body.
Nauropometer	An instrument for measuring the amount which a ship heels at sea.
Nauscopy	The power or act of discovering ships or land at considerable distances.
Nausea	Seasickness; hence, any similar sickness of the stomach accompanied with a propensity to vomit; qualm; squeamishness of the stomach; loathing.
Nauseant	A substance which produces nausea.
Nauseated	of Nauseate
Nauseating	of Nauseate
Nauseate	To become squeamish; to feel nausea; to turn away with disgust.
Nauseate	To affect with nausea; to sicken; to cause to feel loathing or disgust.
Nauseate	To sicken at; to reject with disgust; to loathe.
Nauseation	The act of nauseating, or the state of being nauseated.
Nauseative	Causing nausea; nauseous.
Nauseous	Causing, or fitted to cause, nausea; sickening; loathsome; disgusting; exciting abhorrence; as, a nauseous drug or medicine.
Nautch	An entertainment consisting chiefly of dancing by professional dancing (or Nautch) girls.
Nautic	Nautical.
Nautical	Of or pertaining to seamen, to the art of navigation, or to ships; as, nautical skill.
Nautically	In a nautical manner; with reference to nautical affairs.
Nautiform	Shaped like the hull of a ship.
Nautilite	A fossil nautilus.
Nautiloid	Like or pertaining to the nautilus; shaped like a nautilus shell.
Nautiloid	A mollusk, or shell, of the genus Nautilus or family Nautilidae.
Nautiluses	of Nautilus
Nautili	of Nautilus
Nautilus	The only existing genus of tetrabranchiate cephalopods. About four species are found living in the tropical Pacific, but many other species are found fossil.  The shell is spiral, symmetrical, and chambered, or divided into several cavities by simple curved partitions, which are traversed and connected together by a continuous and nearly central tube or siphuncle. See Tetrabranchiata.
Nautilus	The argonaut; -- also called paper nautilus. See Argonauta, and Paper nautilus, under Paper.
Nautilus	A variety of diving bell, the lateral as well as vertical motions of which are controlled, by the occupants.
Navajoes	A tribe of Indians inhabiting New Mexico and Arizona, allied to the Apaches. They are now largely engaged in agriculture.
Naval	Having to do with shipping; of or pertaining to ships or a navy; consisting of ships; as, naval forces, successes, stores, etc.
Navals	Naval affairs.
Navarch	The commander of a fleet.
Navarchy	Nautical skill or experience.
Navarrese	Of or pertaining to Navarre.
Navarrese	A native or inhabitant of Navarre; the people of Navarre.
Nave	The block in the center of a wheel, from which the spokes radiate, and through which the axle passes; -- called also hub or hob.
Nave	The navel.
Nave	The middle or body of a church, extending from the transepts to the principal entrances, or, if there are no transepts, from the choir to the principal entrance, but not including the aisles.
Navel	A mark or depression in the middle of the abdomen; the umbilicus. See Umbilicus.
Navel	The central part or point of anything; the middle.
Navel	An eye on the under side of a carronade for securing it to a carriage.
Navel-string	The umbilical cord.
Navelwort	A European perennial succulent herb (Cotyledon umbilicus), having round, peltate leaves with a central depression; -- also called pennywort, and kidneywort.
Navew	A kind of small turnip, a variety of Brassica campestris. See Brassica.
Navicular	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a boat or ship.
Navicular	Shaped like a boat; cymbiform; scaphoid; as, the navicular glumes of most grasses; the navicular bone.
Navicular	The navicular bone.
Navigability	The quality or condition of being navigable; navigableness.
Navigable	Capable of being navigated; deep enough and wide enough to afford passage to vessels; as, a navigable river.
Navigated	of Navigate
Navigating	of Navigate
Navigate	To joirney by water; to go in a vessel or ship; to perform the duties of a navigator; to use the waters as a highway or channel for commerce or communication; to sail.
Navigate	To pass over in ships; to sail over or on; as, to navigate the Atlantic.
Navigate	To steer, direct, or manage in sailing; to conduct (ships) upon the water by the art or skill of seamen; as, to navigate a ship.
Navigation	The act of navigating; the act of passing on water in ships or other vessels; the state of being navigable.
Navigation	the science or art of conducting ships or vessels from one place to another, including, more especially, the method of determining a ship's position, course, distance passed over, etc., on the surface of the globe, by the principles of geometry and astronomy.
Navigation	The management of sails, rudder, etc.; the mechanics of traveling by water; seamanship.
Navigation	Ships in general.
Navigator	One who navigates or sails; esp., one who direct the course of a ship, or one who is skillful in the art of navigation; also, a book which teaches the art of navigation; as, Bowditch's Navigator.
Navigerous	Bearing ships; capable of floating vessels.
Navies	of Navvy
Navvy	Originally, a laborer on canals for internal navigation; hence, a laborer on other public works, as in building railroads, embankments, etc.
Navies	of Navy
Navy	A fleet of ships; an assemblage of merchantmen, or so many as sail in company.
Navy	The whole of the war vessels belonging to a nation or ruler, considered collectively; as, the navy of Italy.
Navy	The officers and men attached to the war vessels of a nation; as, he belongs to the navy.
Nawab	A deputy ruler or viceroy in India; also, a title given by courtesy to other persons of high rank in the East.
Nawl	An awl.
Nay	No; -- a negative answer to a question asked, or a request made, now superseded by no. See Yes.
Nay	Not this merely, but also; not only so, but; -- used to mark the addition or substitution of a more explicit or more emphatic phrase.
Nays	of Nay
Nay	Denial; refusal.
Nay	a negative vote; one who votes in the negative.
Nay	To refuse.
Nayaur	A specied of wild sheep (Ovis Hodgsonii), native of Nepaul and Thibet. It has a dorsal mane and a white ruff beneath the neck.
Nayt	To refuse; to deny.
Nayward	The negative side.
Nayword	A byword; a proverb; also, a watchword.
Nazarene	A native or inhabitant of Nazareth; -- a term of contempt applied to Christ and the early Christians.
Nazarene	One of a sect of Judaizing Christians in the first and second centuries, who observed the laws of Moses, and held to certain heresies.
Nazarite	A Jew bound by a vow to lave the hair uncut, to abstain from wine and strong drink, and to practice extraordinary purity of life and devotion, the obligation being for life, or for a certain time. The word is also used adjectively.
Nazariteship	The state of a Nazarite.
Nazaritic	Of or pertaining to a Nazarite, or to Nazarites.
Nazaritism	The vow and practice of a Nazarite.
Naze	A promotory or headland.
Nazirite	A Nazarite.
Ne	Not; never.
Ne	Nor.
Neaf	See 2d Neif.
Neal	To anneal.
Neal	To be tempered by heat.
Neap	The tongue or pole of a cart or other vehicle drawn by two animals.
Neap	Low.
Neap	A neap tide.
Neaped	Left aground on the height of a spring tide, so that it will not float till the next spring tide; -- called also beneaped.
Neapolitan	Of of pertaining to Naples in Italy.
Neapolitan	A native or citizen of Naples.
Near	At a little distance, in place, time, manner, or degree; not remote; nigh.
Near	Nearly; almost; well-nigh.
Near	Closely; intimately.
Near	Not far distant in time, place, or degree; not remote; close at hand; adjacent; neighboring; nigh.
Near	Closely connected or related.
Near	Close to one's interests, affection, etc.; touching, or affecting intimately; intimate; dear; as, a near friend.
Near	Close to anything followed or imitated; not free, loose, or rambling; as, a version near to the original.
Near	So as barely to avoid or pass injury or loss; close; narrow; as, a near escape.
Near	Next to the driver, when he is on foot; in the Unted States, on the left of an animal or a team; as, the near ox; the near leg. See Off side, under Off, a.
Near	Immediate; direct; close; short.
Near	Close-fisted; parsimonious.
Near	Adjacent to; close by; not far from; nigh; as, the ship sailed near the land. See the Note under near, a.
Neared	of Near
Nearing	of Near
Near	To approach; to come nearer; as, the ship neared the land.
Near	To draw near; to approach.
Nearctic	Of or pertaining to a region of the earth's surface including all of temperate and arctic North America and Greenland. In the geographical distribution of animals, this region is marked off as the habitat certain species.
Nearhand	Near; near at hand; closely.
Near-legged	Having the feet so near together that they interfere in traveling.
Nearly	In a near manner; not remotely; closely; intimately; almost.
Nearness	The state or quality of being near; -- used in the various senses of the adjective.
Nearsighted	Seeing distinctly at short distances only; shortsighted.
Nearsightedness	See Myopic, and Myopia.
Neat	Cattle of the genus Bos, as distinguished from horses, sheep, and goats; an animal of the genus Bos; as, a neat's tongue; a neat's foot.
Neat	Of or pertaining to the genus Bos, or to cattle of that genus; as, neat cattle.
Neat	Free from that which soils, defiles, or disorders; clean; cleanly; tidy.
Neat	Free from what is unbecoming, inappropriate, or tawdry; simple and becoming; pleasing with simplicity; tasteful; chaste; as, a neat style; a neat dress.
Neat	Free from admixture or adulteration; good of its kind; as, neat brandy.
Neat	Excellent in character, skill, or performance, etc.; nice; finished; adroit; as, a neat design; a neat thief.
Neat	With all deductions or allowances made; net. [In this sense usually written net. See Net, a., 3.]
'Neath	An abbreviation of Beneath.
Neatherd	A person who has the care of neat cattle; a cowherd.
Neathouse	A building for the shelter of neat cattle.
Neatify	To make neat.
Neatly	In a neat manner; tidily; tastefully.
neatness	The state or quality of being neat.
Neatress	A woman who takes care of cattle.
Neb	The nose; the snout; the mouth; the beak of a bird; a nib, as of a pen.
Nebalia	A genus of small marine Crustacea, considered the type of a distinct order (Nebaloidea, or Phyllocarida.)
Neb-neb	Same as Bablh.
Nebulae	of Nebula
Nebula	A faint, cloudlike, self-luminous mass of matter situated beyond the solar system among the stars. True nebulae are gaseous; but very distant star clusters often appear like them in the telescope.
Nebula	A white spot or a slight opacity of the cornea.
Nebula	A cloudy appearance in the urine.
Nebular	Of or pertaining to nebulae; of the nature of, or resembling, a nebula.
Nebulated	Clouded with indistinct color markings, as an animal.
nebulation	The condition of being nebulated; also, a clouded, or ill-defined, color mark.
Nebule	A little cloud; a cloud.
Nebule	Alt. of Nebuly
Nebuly	Composed of successive short curves supposed to resemble a cloud; -- said of a heraldic line by which an ordinary or subordinary may be bounded.
Nebulization	The act or process of nebulizing; atomization.
Nebulize	To reduce (as a liquid) to a fine spray or vapor; to atomize.
Nebulizer	An atomizer.
Nebulose	Nebulous; cloudy.
Nebulosity	The state or quality of being nebulous; cloudiness; hazeness; mistiness; nebulousness.
Nebulosity	The stuff of which a nebula is formed.
Nebulosity	A nebula.
Nebulous	Cloudy; hazy; misty.
Nebulous	Of, pertaining to, or having the appearance of, a nebula; nebular; cloudlike.
Nebuly	A line or a direction composed of successive short curves or waves supposed to resembe a cloud. See NEbulE
Necessarian	An advocate of the doctrine of philosophical necessity; a nacessitarian.
Necessarian	Of or pertaining to necessarianism.
Necessarianism	The doctrine of philosophical necessity; necessitarianism.
Necessarily	In a necessary manner; by necessity; unavoidably; indispensably.
Necessariness	The quality of being necessary.
Necessary	Such as must be; impossible to be otherwise; not to be avoided; inevitable.
Necessary	Impossible to be otherwise, or to be dispensed with, without preventing the attainment of a desired result; indispensable; requiste; essential.
Necessary	Acting from necessity or compulsion; involuntary; -- opposed to free; as, whether man is a necessary or a free agent is a question much discussed.
Necessaries	of Necessary
Necessary	A thing that is necessary or indispensable to some purpose; something that one can not do without; a requisite; an essential; -- used chiefly in the plural; as, the necessaries of life.
Necessary	A privy; a water-closet.
Necessary	Such things, in respect to infants, lunatics, and married women, as are requisite for support suitable to station.
Necessitarian	Of or pertaining to the doctrine of philosophical necessity in regard to the origin and existence of things, especially as applied to the actings or choices of the will; -- opposed to libertarian.
Necessitarian	One who holds to the doctrine of necessitarianism.
Necessitarianism	The doctrine of philosophical necessity; the doctrine that results follow by invariable sequence from causes, and esp. that the will is not free, but that human actions and choices result inevitably from motives; deteminism.
Necessitated	of Necessitate
Necessitating	of Necessitate
Necessitate	To make necessary or indispensable; to render unaviolable.
Necessitate	To reduce to the necessity of; to force; to compel.
Necessitattion	The act of making necessary, or the state of being made necessary; compulsion.
Necessitied	In a state of want; necessitous.
Necessitous	Very needy or indigent; pressed with poverty.
Necessitous	Narrow; destitute; pinching; pinched; as, necessitous circumstances.
Necessitude	Necessitousness; want.
Necessitude	Necessary connection or relation.
Necessities	of Necessity
Necessity	The quality or state of being necessary, unavoidable, or absolutely requisite; inevitableness; indispensableness.
Necessity	The condition of being needy or necessitous; pressing need; indigence; want.
Necessity	That which is necessary; a necessary; a requisite; something indispensable; -- often in the plural.
Necessity	That which makes an act or an event unavoidable; irresistible force; overruling power; compulsion, physical or moral; fate; fatality.
Necessity	The negation of freedom in voluntary action; the subjection of all phenomena, whether material or spiritual, to inevitable causation; necessitarianism.
Neck	The part of an animal which connects the head and the trunk, and which, in man and many other animals, is more slender than the trunk.
Neck	Any part of an inanimate object corresponding to or resembling the neck of an animal
Neck	The long slender part of a vessel, as a retort, or of a fruit, as a gourd.
Neck	A long narrow tract of land projecting from the main body, or a narrow tract connecting two larger tracts.
Neck	That part of a violin, guitar, or similar instrument, which extends from the head to the body, and on which is the finger board or fret board.
Neck	A reduction in size near the end of an object, formed by a groove around it; as, a neck forming the journal of a shaft.
Neck	the point where the base of the stem of a plant arises from the root.
Necked	of Neck
Necking	of Neck
Neck	To reduce the diameter of (an object) near its end, by making a groove around it; -- used with down; as, to neck down a shaft.
Neck	To kiss and caress amorously.
Neckar nut	See Nicker nut.
Neckband	A band which goes around the neck; often, the part at the top of a garment.
Neckcloth	A piece of any fabric worn around the neck.
Necked	Having (such) a neck; -- chiefly used in composition; as, stiff-necked.
Necked	Cracked; -- said of a treenail.
Neckerchief	A kerchief for the neck; -- called also neck handkerchief.
Necking	Same as Neckmold.
Necklace	A string of beads, etc., or any continuous band or chain, worn around the neck as an ornament.
Necklace	A rope or chain fitted around the masthead to hold hanging blocks for jibs and stays.
necklaced	Wearing a necklace; marked as with a necklace.
neckland	A neck of land.
necklet	A necklace.
Neckmold	Alt. of Neckmould
Neckmould	A small convex molding surrounding a column at the jinction of the shaft and capital.
Neckplate	See Gorget, 1 and 2.
Necktie	A scarf, band, or kerchief of silk, etc., passing around the neck or collar and tied in front; a bow of silk, etc., fastened in front of the neck.
Neckwear	A collective term for cravats, collars, etc.
Neckweed	An American annual weed (veronica peregrina), with small white flowers and a roundish pod.
Neckweed	The hemp; -- so called as furnishing ropes for hanging criminals.
Necrobiosis	The death of a part by molecular disintegration and without loss of continuity, as in the processes of degeneration and atrophy.
Necrobiotic	Of or pertaining to necrobiosis; as, a necrobiotic metamorphosis.
Necrolatry	The worship of the dead; manes worship.
Necrolite	Same as Necronite.
Necrologic	Alt. of Necrological
Necrological	Of or pertaining to necrology; of the nature of necrology; relating to, or giving, an account of the dead, or of deaths.
Necrologist	One who gives an account of deaths.
Necrologies	of Necrology
Necrology	An account of deaths, or of the dead; a register of deaths; a collection of obituary notices.
Necromancer	One who practices necromancy; a sorcerer; a wizard.
Necromancy	The art of revealing future events by means of a pretended communication with the dead; the black art; hence, magic in general; conjuration; enchantment. See Black art.
Necromantic	Conjuration.
Necromantic	Alt. of Necromantical
Necromantical	Of or pertaining to necromancy; performed by necromancy.
Necronite	Fetid feldspar, a mineral which, when struck, exhales a fetid odor.
Necrophagan	Eating carrion.
Necrophagan	Any species of a tribe (Necrophaga) of beetles which, in the larval state, feed on carrion; a burying beetle.
Necrophagous	Of or pertaining to the Necrophaga; eating carrion. See Necrophagan.
Necrophobia	An exaggerated fear of death or horror of dead bodies.
Necrophore	Any one of numerous species of beetles of the genus Necrophorus and allied genera; -- called also burying beetle, carrion beetle, sexton beetle.
Necropolises	of Necropolis
Necropolis	A city of the dead; a name given by the ancients to their cemeteries, and sometimes applied to modern burial places; a graveyard.
Necropsy	A post-mortem examination or inspection; an autopsy. See Autopsy.
Necroscopic	Alt. of Necroscopical
Necroscopical	Or or relating to post-mortem examinations.
Necrose	To affect with necrosis; to unergo necrosis.
Necrosed	Affected by necrosis; dead; as, a necrosed bone.
Necrosis	Mortification or gangrene of bone, or the death of a bone or portion of a bone in mass, as opposed to its death by molecular disintegration. See Caries.
Necrosis	A disease of trees, in which the branches gradually dry up from the bark to the center.
Necrotic	Affected with necrosis; as, necrotic tissue; characterized by, or producing, necrosis; as, a necrotic process.
Nectar	The drink of the gods (as ambrosia was their food); hence, any delicious or inspiring beverage.
Nectar	A sweetish secretion of blossoms from which bees make honey.
Nectareal	Nectareous.
Nectareal	Of or pertaining to a nectary.
Nectarean	Resembling nectar; very sweet and pleasant.
Nectared	Imbued with nectar; mingled with nectar; abounding with nectar.
Nectareous	Of, pertaining to, containing, or resembling nectar; delicious; nectarean.
Nectarial	Of or pertaining to the nectary of a plant.
Nectaried	Having a nectary.
Nectariferous	Secreting nectar; -- said of blossoms or their parts.
Nectarine	Nectareous.
Nectarine	A smooth-skinned variety of peach.
Nectarized	of Nectarize
Nectarizing	of Nectarize
Nectarize	To mingle or infuse with nectar; to sweeten.
Nectarous	Nectareous.
Nectaries	of Nectary
Nectary	That part of a blossom which secretes nectar, usually the base of the corolla or petals; also, the spur of such flowers as the larkspur and columbine, whether nectariferous or not. See the Illustration of Nasturtium.
Nectocalyces	of Nectocalyx
Nectocalyx	The swimming bell or umbrella of a jellyfish of medusa.
Nectocalyx	One of the zooids of certain Siphonophora, having somewhat the form, and the essential structure, of the bell of a jellyfish, and acting as a swimming organ.
Nectosac	Alt. of Nectosack
Nectosack	The cavity of a nectocalyx.
Nectostem	That portion of the axis which bears the nectocalyces in the Siphonophora.
Nedder	An adder.
Neddies	of Neddy
Neddy	A pet name for a donkey.
Nee	Born; -- a term sometimes used in introducing the name of the family to which a married woman belongs by birth; as, Madame de Stael, nee Necker.
Need	A state that requires supply or relief; pressing occasion for something; necessity; urgent want.
Need	Want of the means of subsistence; poverty; indigence; destitution.
Need	That which is needful; anything necessary to be done; (pl.) necessary things; business.
Need	Situation of need; peril; danger.
Needed	of Need
Needing	of Need
Need	To be in want of; to have cause or occasion for; to lack; to require, as supply or relief.
Need	To be wanted; to be necessary.
Need	Of necessity. See Needs.
Needer	One who needs anything.
Needful	Full of need; in need or want; needy; distressing.
Needful	Necessary for supply or relief; requisite.
Needily	In a needy condition or manner; necessarily.
Neediness	The state or quality of being needy; want; poverty; indigence.
Needle	A small instrument of steel, sharply pointed at one end, with an eye to receive a thread, -- used in sewing.
Needle	See Magnetic needle, under Magnetic.
Needle	A slender rod or wire used in knitting; a knitting needle; also, a hooked instrument which carries the thread or twine, and by means of which knots or loops are formed in the process of netting, knitting, or crocheting.
Needle	One of the needle-shaped secondary leaves of pine trees. See Pinus.
Needle	Any slender, pointed object, like a needle, as a pointed crystal, a sharp pinnacle of rock, an obelisk, etc.
Needle	To form in the shape of a needle; as, to needle crystals.
Needle	To form needles; to crystallize in the form of needles.
Needlebook	A book-shaped needlecase, having leaves of cloth into which the needles are stuck.
Needlecase	A case to keep needles.
Needlefish	The European great pipefich (Siphostoma, / Syngnathus, acus); -- called also earl, and tanglefish.
Needlefish	The garfish.
needlefuls	of needleful
needleful	As much thread as is used in a needle at one time.
Needle-pointed	Pointed as needles.
Needler	One who makes or uses needles; also, a dealer in needles.
Needless	Having no need.
Needless	Not wanted; unnecessary; not requiste; as, needless labor; needless expenses.
Needless	Without sufficient cause; groundless; cuseless.
Needlestone	Natrolite; -- called also needle zeolite.
Needlewomen	of Needlewoman
Needlewoman	A woman who does needlework; a seamstress.
Needlework	Work executed with a needle; sewed work; sewing; embroidery; also, the business of a seamstress.
Needlework	The combination of timber and plaster making the outside framework of some houses.
Needly	Like a needle or needles; as, a needly horn; a needly beard.
Needly	Necessarily; of necessity.
Needment	Something needed or wanted.
Needment	Outfit; necessary luggage.
Needs	Of necessity; necessarily; indispensably; -- often with must, and equivalent to of need.
Needscost	Of necessity.
Needsly	Of necessity.
Needy	Distressed by want of the means of living; very por; indigent; necessitous.
Needy	Necessary; requiste.
Neeld	Alt. of Neele
Neele	A needle.
Neelghau	See Nylghau.
Neem tree	An Asiatic name for Melia Azadirachta, and M. Azedarach. See Margosa.
Neer	Nearer.
Ne'er	a contraction of Never.
Neesed	of Neese
Neesing	of Neese
Neese	To sneeze.
Neesing	Sneezing.
Ne exeat	A writ to restrain a person from leaving the country, or the jurisdiction of the court. The writ was originally applicable to purposes of state, but is now an ordinary process of courts of equity, resorted to for the purpose of obtaining bail, or security to abide a decree.
Nef	The nave of a church.
Nefand	Alt. of Nefandous
Nefandous	Unfit to speak of; unmentionable; impious; execrable.
Nefarious	Wicked in the extreme; abominable; iniquitous; atrociously villainous; execrable; detestably vile.
Nefasch	Any fish of the genus Distichodus. Several large species inhabit the Nile.
Nefast	Wicked.
Negation	The act of denying; assertion of the nonreality or untruthfulness of anything; declaration that something is not, or has not been, or will not be; denial; -- the opposite of affirmation.
Negation	Description or definition by denial, exclusion, or exception; statement of what a thing is not, or has not, from which may be inferred what it is or has.
Negative	Denying; implying, containing, or asserting denial, negation or refusal; returning the answer no to an inquiry or request; refusing assent; as, a negative answer; a negative opinion; -- opposed to affirmative.
Negative	Not positive; without affirmative statement or demonstration; indirect; consisting in the absence of something; privative; as, a negative argument; a negative morality; negative criticism.
Negative	Asserting absence of connection between a subject and a predicate; as, a negative proposition.
Negative	Of or pertaining to a picture upon glass or other material, in which the lights and shades of the original, and the relations of right and left, are reversed.
Negative	Metalloidal; nonmetallic; -- contracted with positive or basic; as, the nitro group is negative.
Negative	A proposition by which something is denied or forbidden; a conception or term formed by prefixing the negative particle to one which is positive; an opposite or contradictory term or conception.
Negative	A word used in denial or refusal; as, not, no.
Negative	The refusal or withholding of assents; veto.
Negative	That side of a question which denies or refuses, or which is taken by an opposing or denying party; the relation or position of denial or opposition; as, the question was decided in the negative.
Negative	A picture upon glass or other material, in which the light portions of the original are represented in some opaque material (usually reduced silver), and the dark portions by the uncovered and transparent or semitransparent ground of the picture.
Negative	The negative plate of a voltaic or electrolytic cell.
Negatived	of Negative
Negativing	of Negative
Negative	To prove unreal or intrue; to disprove.
Negative	To reject by vote; to refuse to enact or sanction; as, the Senate negatived the bill.
Negative	To neutralize the force of; to counteract.
Negatively	In a negative manner; with or by denial.
Negatively	In the form of speech implying the absence of something; -- opposed to positively.
Negativeness	Alt. of Negativity
Negativity	The quality or state of being negative.
Negatory	Expressing denial; belonging to negation; negative.
Neginoth	Stringed instruments.
Neglected	of Neglect
Neglecting	of Neglect
Neglect	Not to attend to with due care or attention; to forbear one's duty in regard to; to suffer to pass unimproved, unheeded, undone, etc.; to omit; to disregard; to slight; as, to neglect duty or business; to neglect to pay debts.
Neglect	To omit to notice; to forbear to treat with attention or respect; to slight; as, to neglect strangers.
Neglect	Omission of proper attention; avoidance or disregard of duty, from heedlessness, indifference, or willfulness; failure to do, use, or heed anything; culpable disregard; as, neglect of business, of health, of economy.
Neglect	Omission if attention or civilities; slight; as, neglect of strangers.
Neglect	Habitual carelessness; negligence.
Neglect	The state of being disregarded, slighted, or neglected.
Neglectedness	The state of being neglected.
Neglecter	One who neglects.
Neglectful	Full of neglect; heedless; careless; negligent; inattentive; indifferent.
Neglectingly	Carelessly; heedlessly.
Neglection	The state of being negligent; negligence.
Neglective	Neglectful.
Negligee	An easy, unceremonious attire; undress; also, a kind of easy robe or dressing gown worn by women.
Negligence	The quality or state of being negligent; lack of due diligence or care; omission of duty; habitual neglect; heedlessness.
Negligence	An act or instance of negligence or carelessness.
Negligence	The omission of the care usual under the circumstances, being convertible with the Roman culpa. A specialist is bound to higher skill and diligence in his specialty than one who is not a specialist, and liability for negligence varies acordingly.
Negligent	Apt to neglect; customarily neglectful; characterized by negligence; careless; heedless; culpably careless; showing lack of attention; as, disposed in negligent order.
Negligently	In a negligent manner.
Negligible	That may neglicted, disregarded, or left out of consideration.
Negoce	Business; occupation.
Negotiability	The quality of being negotiable or transferable by indorsement.
Negotiable	Capable of being negotiated; transferable by assigment or indorsement to another person; as, a negotiable note or bill of exchange.
Negotiant	A negotiator.
Negotiate	To transact business; to carry on trade.
Negotiate	To treat with another respecting purchase and sale or some business affair; to bargain or trade; as, to negotiate with a man for the purchase of goods or a farm.
Negotiate	To hold intercourse respecting a treaty, league, or convention; to treat with, respecting peace or commerce; to conduct communications or conferences.
Negotiate	To intrigue; to scheme.
Negotiated	of Negotiate
Negotiating	of Negotiate
Negotiate	To carry on negotiations concerning; to procure or arrange for by negotiation; as, to negotiate peace, or an exchange.
Negotiate	To transfer for a valuable consideration under rules of commercial law; to sell; to pass.
Negotiation	The act or process of negotiating; a treating with another respecting sale or purchase. etc.
Negotiation	Hence, mercantile business; trading.
Negotiation	The transaction of business between nations; the mutual intercourse of governments by diplomatic agents, in making treaties, composing difference, etc.; as, the negotiations at Ghent.
Negotiator	One who negotiates; a person who treats with others, either as principal or agent, in respect to purchase and sale, or public compacts.
Negotiatory	Of or pertaining to negotiation.
Negotiatrix	A woman who negotiates.
Negotiosity	The state of being busy; multitude of business.
Negotious	Very busy; attentive to business; active.
Negotiousness	The state of being busily occupied; activity.
Negresses	of Negress
Negress	A black woman; a female negro.
Negrita	A blackish fish (Hypoplectrus nigricans), of the Sea-bass family. It is a native of the West Indies and Florida.
Negritic	Of or pertaining to negroes; composed of negroes.
Negritos	A degraded Papuan race, inhabiting Luzon and some of the other east Indian Islands. They resemble negroes, but are smaller in size. They are mostly nomads.
Negroes	of Negro
Negro	A black man; especially, one of a race of black or very dark persons who inhabit the greater part of tropical Africa, and are distinguished by crisped or curly hair, flat noses, and thick protruding lips; also, any black person of unmixed African blood, wherever found.
Negro	Of or pertaining to negroes; black.
Negroid	Characteristic of the negro.
Negroid	Resembling the negro or negroes; of or pertaining to those who resemble the negro.
Negroloid	See Negroid.
Negus	A beverage made of wine, water, sugar, nutmeg, and lemon juice; -- so called, it is said, from its first maker, Colonel Negus.
Nehiloth	A term supposed to mean, perforated wind instruments of music, as pipes or flutes.
Nehushtan	A thing of brass; -- the name under which the Israelites worshiped the brazen serpent made by Moses.
Neif	Alt. of Neife
Neife	A woman born in the state of villeinage; a female serf.
Neif	Alt. of Neaf
Neaf	The fist.
Neighed	of Neigh
Neighing	of Neigh
Neigh	To utter the cry of the horse; to whinny.
Neigh	To scoff or sneer; to jeer.
Neigh	The cry of a horse; a whinny.
Neighbor	A person who lives near another; one whose abode is not far off.
Neighbor	One who is near in sympathy or confidence.
Neighbor	One entitled to, or exhibiting, neighborly kindness; hence, one of the human race; a fellow being.
Neighbor	Near to another; adjoining; adjacent; next; neighboring.
Neighbored	of neighbor
Neighboring	of neighbor
neighbor	To adjoin; to border on; tobe near to.
neighbor	To associate intimately with.
Neighbor	To dwell in the vicinity; to be a neighbor, or in the neighborhood; to be near.
Neighborhood	The quality or condition of being a neighbor; the state of being or dwelling near; proximity.
Neighborhood	A place near; vicinity; adjoining district; a region the inhabitants of which may be counted as neighbors; as, he lives in my neighborhood.
Neighborhood	The inhabitants who live in the vicinity of each other; as, the fire alarmed all the neiborhood.
Neighborhood	The disposition becoming a neighbor; neighborly kindness or good will.
Neighboring	Living or being near; adjacent; as, the neighboring nations or countries.
Neighborliness	The quality or state of being neighborly.
Neighborly	Apropriate to the relation of neighbors; having frequent or familiar intercourse; kind; civil; social; friendly.
Neighborly	In a neigborly manner.
Neighborship	The state of being neighbors.
Neishout	The mahogany-like wood of the South African tree Pteroxylon utile, the sawdust of which causes violent sneezing (whence the name). Also called sneezewood.
Neither	Not either; not the one or the other.
Neither	not either; generally used to introduce the first of two or more coordinate clauses of which those that follow begin with nor.
Nelumbo	A genus of great water lilies. The North American species is Nelumbo lutea, the Asiatic is the sacred lotus, N. speciosa.
Nemaline	Having the form of threads; fibrous.
Nemalite	A fibrous variety of brucite.
Nematelmia	Same as Nemathelminthes.
Nemathecia	of Nemathecium
Nemathecium	A peculiar kind of fructification on certain red algae, consisting of an external mass of filaments at length separating into tetraspores.
Nemthelminthes	Alt. of Nematelminthes
Nematelminthes	An ordr of helminths, including the Nematoidea and Gordiacea; the roundworms.
Nemato-	A combining form from Gr. nh^ma, nh`matos, a thread.
Nematoblast	A spermatocyte or spermoblast.
Nematocalyces	of Nematocalyx
Calyxes	of Nematocalyx
Nematocalyx	One of a peculiar kind of cups, or calicles, found upon hydroids of the family Plumularidae. They contain nematocysts. See Plumularia.
Nematocera	A suborder of dipterous insects, having long antennae, as the mosquito, gnat, and crane fly; -- called also Nemocera.
Nematocyst	A lasso cell, or thread cell. See Lasso cell, under Lasso.
Nematode	Same as Nematoid.
Nematogene	One of the dimorphic forms of the species of Dicyemata, which produced vermiform embryos; -- opposed to rhombogene.
Nematognath	one of the Nematognathi.
Nematognathi	An order of fishes having barbels on the jaws. It includes the catfishes, or siluroids. See Siluroid.
Nematoid	Of or pertaining to the Nematoidea.
Nematoid	One of the Nematoidea. see Illustration in Appendix.
Nematoidea	An order of worms, having a long, round, and generally smooth body; the roundworms. they are mostly parasites. Called also Nematodea, and Nematoda.
Nematoidean	Nematoid.
Nematophora	Same as Coelenterata.
Nemean	Of or pertaining to Nemea, in Argolis, where the ancient Greeks celebrated games, and Hercules killed a lion.
Nemetean	Of or pertaining to the Nemertina.
Nemetean	One of the Nemertina.
Nemertes	A genus of nemertina.
Nemertian	Nemertean.
Nemertid	Nemertean.
Nemertida	Nemertina.
Nemertina	An order of helminths usually having a long, slender, smooth, often bright-colored body, covered with minute vibrating cilia; -- called also Nemertea, Nemertida, and Rhynchocoela.
Nemesis	The goddess of retribution or vengeance; hence, retributive justice personified; divine vengeance.
Nemophilist	One who is fond of forest or forest scenery; a haunter of the woods.
Nemophily	Fondness for forest scenery; love of the woods.
Nemoral	Of or pertaining to a wood or grove.
Nemorous	Woody.
Nempne	To name or call.
Nempt	Called; named.
Nems	The ichneumon.
Nenia	A funeral song; an elegy.
Nenuphar	The great white water lily of Europe; the Nymphaea alba.
Neo-	A prefix meaning new, recent, late; and in chemistry designating specifically that variety of metameric hydrocarbons which, when the name was applied, had been recently classified, and in which at least one carbon atom in connected directly with four other carbon atoms; -- contrasted with normal and iso-; as, neopentane; the neoparaffins. Also used adjectively.
Neocarida	The modern, or true, Crustacea, as distinguished from the Merostomata.
Neocene	More recent than the Eocene, that is, including both the Miocene and Pliocene divisions of the Tertiary.
Neo-Christianity	Rationalism.
Neocomian	A term applied to the lowest deposits of the Cretaceous or chalk formation of Europe, being the lower greensand.
Neocomian	Of or pertaining to the lower greensand.
Neocosmic	Of or pertaining to the universe in its present state; specifically, pertaining to the races of men known to history.
Neocracy	Government by new or inexperienced hands; upstart rule; raw or untried officials.
Neodamode	In ancient Sparta, one of those Helots who were freed by the state in reward for military service.
Neodymium	An elementary substance which forms one of the constituents of didymium. Symbol Nd. Atomic weight 140.8.
Neogaean	Of or pertaining to the New World, or Western Hemisphere.
Neogamist	A person recently married.
Neogen	An alloy resembling silver, and consisting chiefly of copper, zinc, and nickel, with small proportions of tin, aluminium, and bismuth.
Neography	A new method or system of writing.
Neo-Latin	Applied to the Romance languages, as being mostly of Latin origin.
Neolithic	Of or pertaining to, or designating, an era characterized by late remains in stone.
Neologian	Neologic; neological.
Neologian	A neologist.
Neologianism	Neologism.
Neologic	Alt. of Neological
Neological	Of or pertaining to neology; employing new words; of the nature of, or containing, new words or new doctrines.
Neologically	In a neological manner.
Neologism	The introduction of new words, or the use of old words in a new sense.
Neologism	A new word, phrase, or expression.
Neologism	A new doctrine; specifically, rationalism.
Neologist	One who introduces new words or new senses of old words into a language.
Neologist	An innovator in any doctrine or system of belief, especially in theology; one who introduces or holds doctrines subversive of supernatural or revealed religion; a rationalist, so-called.
Neologistic	Alt. of Neologistical
Neologistical	Of or pertaining to neology; neological.
Neologization	The act or process of neologizing.
Neologize	To introduce or use new words or terms or new uses of old words.
Neologize	To introduce innovations in doctrine, esp. in theological doctrine.
Neology	The introduction of a new word, or of words or significations, into a language; as, the present nomenclature of chemistry is a remarkable instance of neology.
Neology	A new doctrine; esp. (Theol.), a doctrine at variance with the received interpretation of revealed truth; a new method of theological interpretation; rationalism.
Neomenia	The time of the new moon; the beginning of the month in the lunar calendar.
Neomenoidea	A division of vermiform gastropod mollusks, without a shell, belonging to the Isopleura.
Neomorph	A structure, part, or organ developed independently, that is, not derived from a similar structure, part, or organ, in a pre existing form.
Neonism	Neologism.
Neonomian	One who advocates adheres to new laws; esp. one who holds or believes that the gospel is a new law.
Neonomian	Of or pertaining to the Neonomians, or in accordance with their doctrines.
Neonomianism	The doctrines or belief of the neonomians.
Neophyte	A new convert or proselyte; -- a name given by the early Christians, and still given by the Roman Catholics, to such as have recently embraced the Christian faith, and been admitted to baptism, esp. to converts from heathenism or Judaism.
Neophyte	A novice; a tyro; a beginner in anything.
Neoplasia	Growth or development of new material; neoplasty.
Neoplasm	A new formation or tissue, the product of morbid action.
Neoplastic	Of or pertaining to neoplasty, or neoplasia.
Neoplasty	Restoration of a part by granulation, adhesive inflammation, or autoplasty.
Neoplatonic	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, Neoplatonism or the Neoplatonists.
Neoplatonician	A neoplatonist.
Neoplatonism	A pantheistic eclectic school of philosophy, of which Plotinus was the chief (A. D. 205-270), and which sought to reconcile the Platonic and Aristotelian systems with Oriental theosophy. It tended to mysticism and theurgy, and was the last product of Greek philosophy.
Neoplatonist	One who held to Neoplatonism; a member of the Neoplatonic school.
Neorama	A panorama of the interior of a building, seen from within.
Neossine	The substance constituting the edible bird's nest.
Neossology	The study of young birds.
Neoteric	Alt. of Neoterical
Neoterical	Recent in origin; modern; new.
Neoteric	One of modern times; a modern.
Neoterically	Recently; newly.
Neoterism	An innovation or novelty; a neoteric word or phrase.
Neoterist	One ho introduces new word/ or phrases.
Neoterized	of Neoterize
Neoterized	of Neoterize
Neoterize	To innovate; to coin or introduce new words.
Neotropical	Belonging to, or designating, a region of the earth's surface which comprises most of South America, the Antilles, and tropical North America.
Neozoic	More recent than the Paleozoic, -- that is, including the Mesozoic and Cenozoic.
Nep	Catnip.
Nepa	A genus of aquatic hemipterus insects. The species feed upon other insects and are noted for their voracity; -- called also scorpion bug and water scorpion.
Nepaulese	Of or pertaining to Nepaul, a kingdom in Northern Hindostan.
Nepaulese	A native or natives of Nepaul.
Nepenthe	A drug used by the ancients to give relief from pain and sorrow; -- by some supposed to have been opium or hasheesh. Hence, anything soothing and comforting.
Nepenthes	Same as Nepenthe.
Nepenthes	A genus of climbing plants found in India, Malaya, etc., which have the leaves prolonged into a kind of stout tendril terminating in a pitcherlike appendage, whence the plants are often called pitcher plants and monkey-cups. There are about thirty species, of which the best known is Nepenthes distillatoria. See Pitcher plant.
Nepeta	A genus of labiate plants, including the catnip and ground ivy.
Nephalism	Total abstinence from spirituous liquor.
Nephalist	One who advocates or practices nephalism.
Nepheline	Alt. of Nephelite
Nephelite	A mineral occuring at Vesuvius, in glassy agonal crystals; also elsewhere, in grayish or greenish masses having a greasy luster, as the variety elaeolite. It is a silicate of aluminia, soda, and potash.
Nephelodometer	An instrument for reckoning the distances or velocities of clouds.
Nephelometer	An instrument for measuring or registering the amount of cloudiness.
Nephew	A grandson or grandchild, or remoter lineal descendant.
Nephew	A cousin.
Nephew	The son of a brother or a sister, or of a brother-in-law or sister-in-law.
Nephilim	Giants.
Nephoscope	An instrument for observing the clouds and their velocity.
Nephralgia	Alt. of Nephralgy
Nephralgy	Neuralgia of the kidneys; a disease characterized by pain in the region of the kidneys without any structural lesion of the latter.
Nephridial	Of or pertaining to a nephridium.
Nephridia	of Nephridium
Nephridium	A segmental tubule; one of the tubules of the primitive urinogenital organs; a segmental organ. See Illust. under Loeven's larva.
Nephrite	A hard compact mineral, of a dark green color, formerly worn as a remedy for diseases of the kidneys, whence its name; kidney stone; a kind of jade. See Jade.
Nephritic	Alt. of Nephritical
Nephritical	Of or pertaining to the kidneys or urinary organs; renal; as, a nephritic disease.
Nephritical	Affected with a disease of the kidneys; as, a nephritic patient.
Nephritical	Relieving disorders of the kidneys; affecting the kidneys; as, a nephritic medicine.
Nephritic	A medicine adapted to relieve or cure disease of the kidneys.
Nephritis	An inflammation of the kidneys.
nephrolithic	Of or pertaining to gravel, or renal calculi.
Nephrology	A treatise on, or the science which treats of, the kidneys, and their structure and functions.
Nephrostome	The funnelshaped opening of a nephridium into the body cavity.
Nephrotomy	Extraction of stone from the kidney by cutting.
Nepotal	Of or relating to a nephew.
Nepotic	Of or pertaining to npotism.
Nepotism	Undue attachment to relations; favoritism shown to members of one's family; bestowal of patronage in consideration of relationship, rather than of merit or of legal claim.
Nepotist	One who practices nepotism.
Neptune	The son of Saturn and Ops, the god of the waters, especially of the sea.  He is represented as bearing a trident for a scepter.
Neptune	The remotest known planet of our system, discovered -- as a result of the computations of Leverrier, of Paris -- by Galle, of Berlin, September 23, 1846. Its mean distance from the sun is about 2,775,000,000 miles, and its period of revolution is about 164,78 years.
Neptunian	Of or pertaining to the ocean or sea.
Neptunian	Formed by water or aqueous solution; as, Neptunian rocks.
Neptunian	Alt. of Neptunist
Neptunist	One who adopts the neptunian theory.
Neptunicentric	As seen from Neptune, or having Neptune as a center; as, Neptunicentric longitude or force.
Neptunium	A new metallic element, of doubtful genuineness and uncertain indentification, said to exist in certain minerals, as columbite.
Ner	nearer.
Nere	Were not.
Nereids	of Nereid
Nereides	of Nereid
Nereid	A sea nymph, one of the daughters of Nereus, who were attendants upon Neptune, and were represented as riding on sea horses, sometimes with the human form entire, and sometimes with the tail of a fish.
Nereid	Any species of Nereis. The word is sometimes used for similar annelids of other families.
Nereidian	Any annelid resembling Nereis, or of the family Lycoridae or allied families.
Nereides	of Nereis
Nereis	A Nereid. See Nereid.
Nereis	A genus, including numerous species, of marine chaetopod annelids, having a well-formed head, with two pairs of eyes, antennae, four pairs of tentacles, and a protrusile pharynx, armed with a pair of hooked jaws.
Nereites	Fossil tracks of annelids.
Nereocystis	A genus of gigantic seaweeds.
Nerfling	The id.
Nerita	A genus of marine gastropods, mostly natives of warm climates.
Nerite	Any mollusk of the genus Nerita.
Neritina	A genus including numerous species of shells resembling Nerita in form. They mostly inhabit brackish water, and are often delicately tinted.
Nero	A Roman emperor notorius for debauchery and barbarous cruelty; hence, any profligate and cruel ruler or merciless tyrant.
Neroli	An essential oil obtained by distillation from the flowers of the orange. It has a strong odor, and is used in perfumery, etc.
Nerre	Nearer.
Nervate	Nerved.
Nervation	The arrangement of nerves and veins, especially those of leaves; neuration.
Nerve	One of the whitish and elastic bundles of fibers, with the accompanying tissues, which transmit nervous impulses between nerve centers and various parts of the animal body.
Nerve	A sinew or a tendon.
Nerve	Physical force or steadiness; muscular power and control; constitutional vigor.
Nerve	Steadiness and firmness of mind; self-command in personal danger, or under suffering; unshaken courage and endurance; coolness; pluck; resolution.
Nerve	Audacity; assurance.
Nerve	One of the principal fibrovascular bundles or ribs of a leaf, especially when these extend straight from the base or the midrib of the leaf.
Nerve	One of the nervures, or veins, in the wings of insects.
Nerved	of Nerve
Nerving	of Nerve
Nerve	To give strength or vigor to; to supply with force; as, fear nerved his arm.
Nerved	Having nerves of a special character; as, weak-nerved.
Nerved	Having nerves, or simple and parallel ribs or veins.
Nerveless	Destitute of nerves.
Nerveless	Destitute of strength or of courage; wanting vigor; weak; powerless.
Nervelessness	The state of being nerveless.
Nerve-shaken	Affected by a tremor, or by a nervous disease; weakened; overcome by some violent influence or sensation; shoked.
Nervimotion	The movement caused in the sensory organs by external agents and transmitted to the muscles by the nerves.
Nervimotor	Any agent capable of causing nervimotion.
Nervine	Having the quality of acting upon or affecting the nerves; quieting nervous excitement.
Nervine	A nervine agent.
Nervomuscular	Of or pertaining to both nerves and muscles; of the nature of nerves and muscles; as, nervomuscular energy.
Nervose	Same as Nerved.
Nervosity	Nervousness.
Nervous	possessing nerve; sinewy; strong; vigorous.
Nervous	Possessing or manifesting vigor of mind; characterized by strength in sentiment or style; forcible; spirited; as, a nervous writer.
Nervous	Of or pertaining to the nerves; seated in the nerves; as, nervous excitement; a nervous fever.
Nervous	Having the nerves weak, diseased, or easily excited; subject to, or suffering from, undue excitement of the nerves; easily agitated or annoyed.
Nervous	Sensitive; excitable; timid.
Nervously	In a nervous manner.
Nervousness	State or quality of being nervous.
Nervure	One of the nerves of leaves.
Nervure	One of the chitinous supports, or veins, in the wings of incests.
Nervy	Strong; sinewy.
Nescience	Want of knowledge; ignorance; agnosticism.
Nese	Nose.
Nesh	Soft; tender; delicate.
Ness	A promontory; a cape; a headland.
-ness	A suffix used to form abstract nouns expressive of quality or state; as, goodness, greatness.
Nesslerize	To treat or test, as a liquid, with a solution of mercuric iodide in potassium iodide and potassium hydroxide, which is called Nessler's solution or Nessler's test, and is used to detect the presence of ammonia.
Nest	The bed or receptacle prepared by a fowl for holding her eggs and for hatching and rearing her young.
Nest	Hence: the place in which the eggs of other animals, as insects, turtles, etc., are laid and hatched; a snug place in which young animals are reared.
Nest	A snug, comfortable, or cozy residence or situation; a retreat, or place of habitual resort; hence, those who occupy a nest, frequent a haunt, or are associated in the same pursuit; as, a nest of traitors; a nest of bugs.
Nest	An aggregated mass of any ore or mineral, in an isolated state, within a rock.
Nest	A collection of boxes, cases, or the like, of graduated size, each put within the one next larger.
Nest	A compact group of pulleys, gears, springs, etc., working together or collectively.
Nest	To build and occupy a nest.
Nest	To put into a nest; to form a nest for.
Nestfuls	of Nestful
Nestful	As much or many as will fill a nest.
Nestled	of Nestle
Nestling	of Nestle
Nestle	To make and occupy a nest; to nest.
Nestle	To lie close and snug, as a bird in her nest; to cuddle up; to settle, as in a nest; to harbor; to take shelter.
Nestle	To move about in one's place, like a bird when shaping the interior of her nest or a young bird getting close to the parent; as, a child nestles.
Nestle	To house, as in a nest.
Nestle	To cherish, as a bird her young.
Nestling	A young bird which has not abandoned the nest.
Nestling	A nest; a receptacle.
Nestling	Newly hatched; being yet in the nest.
Nestor	A genus of parrots with gray heads. of New Zeland and papua, allied to the cockatoos. See Kaka.
Nestorian	An adherent of Nestorius, patriarch of Constantinople to the fifth century, who has condemned as a heretic for maintaining that the divine and the human natures were not merged into one nature in Christ (who was God in man), and, hence, that it was improper to call Mary the mother of Christ; also, one of the sect established by the followers of Nestorius in Persia, india, and other Oriental countries, and still in existence. opposed to Eutychian.
Nestorian	Of or relating to the Nestorians.
Nestorian	relating to, or resembling, Nestor, the aged warior and counselor mentioned by Homer; hence, wise; experienced; aged; as, Nestorian caution.
Nestorianism	The doctrines of the nestorian Christians, or of Nestorius.
Ney	A fabric of twine, thread, or the like, wrought or woven into meshes, and used for catching fish, birds, butterflies, etc.
Ney	Anything designed or fitted to entrap or catch; a snare; any device for catching and holding.
Ney	Anything wrought or woven in meshes; as, a net for the hair; a mosquito net; a tennis net.
Ney	A figure made up of a large number of straight lines or curves, which are connected at certain points and related to each other by some specified law.
Netted	of Net
Netting	of Net
Net	To make into a net; to make n the style of network; as, to net silk.
Net	To take in a net; to capture by stratagem or wile.
Net	To inclose or cover with a net; as, to net a tree.
Net	To form network or netting; to knit.
Net	Without spot; pure; shining.
Net	Free from extraneous substances; pure; unadulterated; neat; as, net wine, etc.
Net	Not including superfluous, incidental, or foreign matter, as boxes, coverings, wraps, etc.; free from charges, deductions, etc; as, net profit; net income; net weight, etc.
Netted	of Net
Netting	of Net
Net	To produce or gain as clear profit; as, he netted a thousand dollars by the operation.
Netfish	An astrophyton.
Nether	Situated down or below; lying beneath, or in the lower part; having a lower position; belonging to the region below; lower; under; -- opposed to upper.
Neithermore	Lower, nether.
Nethermost	Lowest; as, the nethermost abyss.
Nethinim	Servants of the priests and Levites in the menial services about the tabernacle and temple.
Netify	To render neat; to clean; to put in order.
Netting	The act or process of making nets or network, or of forming meshes, as for fancywork, fishing nets, etc.
Netting	A piece of network; any fabric, made of cords, threads, wires, or the like, crossing one another with open spaces between.
Netting	A network of ropes used for various purposes, as for holding the hammocks when not in use, also for stowing sails, and for hoisting from the gunwale to the rigging to hinder an enemy from boarding.
Netting	Urine.
Nettle	A plant of the genus Urtica, covered with minute sharp hairs containing a poison that produces a stinging sensation. Urtica gracitis is common in the Northern, and U. chamaedryoides in the Southern, United States. the common European species, U. urens and U. dioica, are also found in the Eastern united States. U. pilulifera is the Roman nettle of England.
Nettled	of Nettle
Nettling	of Nettle
Nettle	To fret or sting; to irritate or vex; to cause to experience sensations of displeasure or uneasiness not amounting to violent anger.
Nettlebird	the European whitethroat.
Nettler	One who nettles.
Nettles	The halves of yarns in the unlaid end of a rope twisted for pointing or grafting.
Nettles	Small lines used to sling hammocks under the deck beams.
Nettles	Reef points.
Nettling	A process (resembling splicing) by which two ropes are jointed end so as to form one rope.
Nettling	The process of tying together the ends of yarns in pairs, to prevent tangling.
Nettling	Stinging; irritating.
Netty	Like a net, or network; netted.
Net-veined	Having veins, or nerves, reticulated or netted; as, a net-veined wing or leaf.
Network	A fabric of threads, cords, or wires crossing each other at certain intervals, and knotted or secured at the crossings, thus leaving spaces or meshes between them.
Network	Any system of lines or channels interlacing or crossing like the fabric of a net; as, a network of veins; a network of railroads.
Neurad	Toward the neural side; -- opposed to haemad.
Neural	relating to the nerves or nervous system; taining to, situated in the region of, or on the side with, the neural, or cerebro-spinal, axis; -- opposed to hemal. As applied to vertebrates, neural is the same as dorsal; as applied to invertebrates it is usually the same as ventral.  Cf. Hemal.
Neuralgia	A disease, the chief symptom of which is a very acute pain, exacerbating or intermitting, which follows the course of a nervous branch, extends to its ramifications, and seems therefore to be seated in the nerve. It seems to be independent of any structural lesion.
Neuralgic	Of or pertaining to, or having the character of, neuralgia; as, a neuralgic headache.
Neuralgy	Neuralgia.
Neurapophysial	Of or pertaining to a neurapophysis.
Neurapophyses	of Neurapophysis
Neurapophysis	One of the two lateral processes or elements which form the neural arch.
Neurapophysis	The dorsal process of the neural arch; neural spine; spinous process.
Neurasthenia	A condition of nervous debility supposed to be dependent upon impairment in the functions of the spinal cord.
Neuration	The arrangement or distribution of nerves, as in the leaves of a plant or the wings of an insect; nervation.
Neuraxis	See Axis cylinder, under Axis.
Neurenteric	Of or pertaining to both the neuron and the enteron; as, the neurenteric canal, which, in embroys of many vertebrates, connects the medullary tube and the primitive intestine. See Illust. of Ectoderm.
Neuridin	a nontoxic base, C5H14N2, found in the putrescent matters of flesh, fish, decaying cheese, etc.
Neurilemma	The delicate outer sheath of a nerve fiber; the primitive sheath.
Neurilemma	The perineurium.
Neurility	The special properties and functions of the nerves; that capacity for transmitting a stimulus which belongs to nerves.
Neurine	A poisonous organic base (a ptomaine) formed in the decomposition of protagon with boiling baryta water, and in the putrefraction of proteid matter. It was for a long time considered identical with choline, a crystalline body originally obtained from bile. Chemically, however, choline is oxyethyl-trimethyl-ammonium hydroxide, while neurine is vinyl-trimethyl-ammonium hydroxide.
Neurism	Nerve force. See Vital force, under Vital.
Neuritis	Inflammation of a nerve.
Neuro-	A combining denoting a nerve, of / pertaining to a nerve / the nervous system.
Neuro-central	Between the neural arch and the centrum of a vertebra; as, the neurocentral suture.
Neurochord	Alt. of Neurochordal
Neurochordal	See Neurocord.
Neurocity	Nerve force.
Neurocoele	The central canal and ventricles of the spinal cord and brain; the myelencephalic cavity.
Neurocord	A cordlike organ composed of elastic fibers situated above the ventral nervous cord of annelids, like the earthworm.
Neuro-epidermal	Pertaining to, or giving rise to, the central nervous system and epiderms; as, the neuroepidermal, or epiblastic, layer of the blastoderm.
Neuroglia	The delicate connective tissue framework which supports the nervous matter and blood vessels of the brain and spinal cord.
Neurography	A description of the nerves.
Neurokeratin	A substance, resembling keratin, present in nerve tissue, as in the sheath of the axis cylinder of medullated nerve fibers. Like keratin it resists the action of most chemical agents, and by decomposition with sulphuric acid yields leucin and tyrosin.
Neurological	Of or pertaining to neurolgy.
Neurologist	One who is versed in neurology; also, one skilled in the treatment of nervous diseases.
Neurology	The branch of science which treats of the nervous system.
Neuroma	A tumor developed on, or connected with, a nerve, esp. one consisting of new-formed nerve fibers.
Neuromere	A metameric segment of the cerebro-spinal nervous system.
Neuromuscular	Nervomuscular.
Neura	of Neuron
Neuron	The brain and spinal cord; the cerebro-spinal axis; myelencephalon.
Neuropathic	Of or pertaining to neuropathy; of the nature of, or suffering from, nervous disease.
Neuropathy	An affection of the nervous system or of a nerve.
Neuropod	A neuropodous animal.
Neuropodium	The ventral lobe or branch of a parapodium.
Neuropodous	Having the limbs on, or directed toward, the neural side, as in most invertebrates; -- opposed to haemapodous.
Neuropore	An opening at either end of the embryonic neural canal.
Neuropter	One of the Neuroptera.
Neuroptera	An order of hexapod insects having two pairs of large, membranous, net-veined wings. The mouth organs are adapted for chewing. They feed upon other insects, and undergo a complete metamorphosis. The ant-lion, hellgamite, and lacewing fly are examples. Formerly, the name was given to a much more extensive group, including the true Neuroptera and the Pseudoneuroptera.
Neropteral	Of or pertaining to the Neuroptera.
Neuropteran	A neuropter.
Neuropteris	An extensive genus of fossil ferns, of which species have been found from the Devonian to the Triassic formation.
Neuropterous	Neuropteral.
Neurosensiferous	Pertaining to, or forming, both nerves and sense organs.
Neurosis	A functional nervous affection or disease, that is, a disease of the nerves without any appreciable change of nerve structure.
Neuroskeletal	Of or pertaining to the neuroskeleton.
Neuroskeleton	The deep-seated parts of the vertebrate skeleton which are relation with the nervous axis and locomation.
Neurospast	A puppet.
Neurotic	Of or pertaining to the nerves; seated in the nerves; nervous; as, a neurotic disease.
Neurotic	Uself in disorders of, or affecting, the nerves.
Neurotic	A disease seated in the nerves.
Neurotic	Any toxic agent whose action is mainly directed to the great nerve centers.
Neurotome	An instrument for cutting or dissecting nerves.
Neurotome	A neuromere.
Neurotomical	Of or pertaining to neurotomy.
Neurotomist	One who skilled in or practices neurotomy.
Neurotomy	The dissection, or anatomy, of the nervous system.
Neurotomy	The division of a nerve, for the relief of neuralgia, or for other purposes.
Neurula	An embryo or certain invertebrates in the stage when the primitive band is first developed.
Neuter	Neither the one thing nor the other; on neither side; impartial; neutral.
Neuter	Having a form belonging more especially to words which are not appellations of males or females; expressing or designating that which is of neither sex; as, a neuter noun; a neuter termination; the neuter gender.
Neuter	Intransitive; as, a neuter verb.
Neuter	Having no generative organs, or imperfectly developed ones; sexless. See Neuter, n., 3.
Neuter	A person who takes no part in a contest; one who is either indifferent to a cause or forbears to interfere; a neutral.
Neuter	A noun of the neuter gender; any one of those words which have the terminations usually found in neuter words.
Neuter	An intransitive verb.
Neuter	An organism, either vegetable or animal, which at its maturity has no generative organs, or but imperfectly developed ones, as a plant without stamens or pistils, as the garden Hydrangea; esp., one of the imperfectly developed females of certain social insects, as of the ant and the common honeybee, which perform the labors of the community, and are called workers.
Neutral	Not engaged on either side; not taking part with or assisting either of two or more contending parties; neuter; indifferent.
Neutral	Neither good nor bad; of medium quality; middling; not decided or pronounced.
Neutral	Neuter. See Neuter, a., 3.
Neutral	Having neither acid nor basic properties; unable to turn red litmus blue or blue litmus red; -- said of certain salts or other compounds. Contrasted with acid, and alkaline.
Neutral	A person or a nation that takes no part in a contest between others; one who is neutral.
Neutralist	A neutral; one who professes or practices neutrality.
Neutrality	The state or quality of being neutral; the condition of being unengaged in contests between others; state of taking no part on either side; indifference.
Neutrality	Indifference in quality; a state neither very good nor bad.
Neutrality	The quality or state of being neutral. See Neutral, a., 4.
Neutrality	The condition of a nation or government which refrains from taking part, directly or indirectly, in a war between other powers.
Neutrality	Those who are neutral; a combination of neutral powers or states.
Neutralization	The act or process of neutralizing, or the state of being neutralized.
Neutralization	The act or process by which an acid and a base are combined in such proportions that the resulting compound is neutral. See Neutral, a., 4.
Neutralized	of Neutralize
Neutralizing	of Neutralize
Neutralize	To render neutral; to reduce to a state of neutrality.
Neutralize	To render inert or imperceptible the peculiar affinities of, as a chemical substance; to destroy the effect of; as, to neutralize an acid with a base.
Neutralize	To destroy the peculiar or opposite dispositions of; to reduce to a state of indifference inefficience; to counteract; as, to neutralize parties in government; to neutralize efforts, opposition, etc.
Neutralizer	One who, or that which, neutralizes; that which destroys, disguises, or renders inert the peculiar properties of a body.
Neutrally	In a neutral manner; without taking part with either side; indifferently.
Neuvaines	Prayers offered up for nine successive days.
Nevadite	A grantitoid variety of rhyolite, common in Nevada.
Neve	The upper part of a glacier, above the limit or perpetual snow. See Galcier.
Neven	To name; to mention; to utter.
Never	Not ever; not at any time; at no time, whether past, present, or future.
Never	In no degree; not in the least; not.
Nevermore	Never again; at no time hereafter.
Neverthelater	Nevertheless.
Nevertheless	Not the less; notwithstanding; in spite of that; yet.
Nevew	Nephew.
New	Having existed, or having been made, but a short time; having originated or occured lately; having recently come into existence, or into one's possession; not early or long in being; of late origin; recent; fresh; modern; -- opposed to old, as, a new coat; a new house; a new book; a new fashion.
New	Not before seen or known, although existing before; lately manifested; recently discovered; as, a new metal; a new planet; new scenes.
New	Newly beginning or recurring; starting anew; now commencing; different from has been; as, a new year; a new course or direction.
New	As if lately begun or made; having the state or quality of original freshness; also, changed for the better; renovated; unworn; untried; unspent; as, rest and travel made him a new man.
New	Not of ancient extraction, or of a family of ancient descent; not previously kniwn or famous.
New	Not habituated; not familiar; unaccustomed.
New	Fresh from anything; newly come.
New	Newly; recently.
New	To make new; to renew.
Newborn	Recently born.
Newcome	Recently come.
Newcomer	One who has lately come.
Newel	A novelty; a new thing.
Newel	The upright post about which the steps of a circular staircase wind; hence, in stairs having straight flights, the principal post at the foot of a staircase, or the secondary ones at the landings. See Hollow newel, under Hollow.
Newfangle	Eager for novelties; desirous of changing.
Newfangle	To change by introducing novelties.
Newfangled	Newmade; formed with the affectation of novelty.
Newfangled	Disposed to change; inclined to novelties; given to new theories or fashions.
Newfangledness	Affectation of, or fondness for, novelty; vain or affected fashion or form.
Newfangleness	Newfangledness.
Newfanglist	One who is eager for novelties or desirous of change.
Newfangly	In a newfangled manner; with eagerness for novelty.
Newfashioned	Made in a new form, or lately come into fashion.
Newfoundland	An island on the coast of British North America, famed for the fishing grounds in its vicinity.
Newfoundland	A Newfoundland dog.
Newing	Yeast; barm.
Newish	Somewhat new; nearly new.
Newly	Lately; recently.
Newly	Anew; afresh; freshly.
Newmarket	A long, closely fitting cloak.
New-model	To remodel.
Newness	The quality or state of being new; as, the newness of a system; the newness of a scene; newness of life.
News	A report of recent occurences; information of something that has lately taken place, or of something before unknown; fresh tindings; recent intelligence.
News	Something strange or newly happened.
News	A bearer of news; a courier; a newspaper.
News-book	A newspaper.
newsboy	A boy who distributes or sells newspaper.
News-letter	A circular letter, written or printed for the purpose of disseminating news. This was the name given to the earliest English newspapers.
Newsmen	of Newsman
Newsman	One who brings news.
Newsman	A man who distributes or sells newspapers.
Newsmonger	One who deals in news; one who is active in hearing and telling news.
Newspaper	A sheet of paper printed and distributed, at stated intervals, for conveying intelligence of passing events, advocating opinions, etc.; a public print that circulates news, advertisements, proceedings of legislative bodies, public announcements, etc.
Newsroom	A room where news is collected and disseminated, or periodicals sold; a reading room supplied with newspapers, magazines, etc.
News-vnder	A seller of newspapers.
News-writer	One who gathered news for, and wrote, news-letters.
Newsy	Full of news; abounding in information as to current events.
Newt	Any one of several species of small aquatic salamanders. The common British species are the crested newt (Triton cristatus) and the smooth newt (Lophinus punctatus). In America, Diemictylus viridescens is one of the most abundant species.
Newtonian	Of or pertaining to Sir Isaac Newton, or his discoveries.
Newtonian	A follower of Newton.
New-year	Of or pertaining to, or suitable for, the commencement of the year; as, New-year gifts or odes.
New Year's Day	the first day of a calendar year; the first day of January. Often colloquially abbreviated to New year's or new year.
New Zealand	A group of islands in the South Pacific Ocean.
Nexible	That may be knit together.
Next	Nearest in place; having no similar object intervening.
Next	Nearest in time; as, the next day or hour.
Next	Adjoining in a series; immediately preceding or following in order.
Next	Nearest in degree, quality, rank, right, or relation; as, the next heir was an infant.
Next	In the time, place, or order nearest or immediately suceeding; as, this man follows next.
Nexus	Connection; tie.
Nez Perces	A tribe of Indians, mostly inhabiting Idaho.
Ngina	The gorilla.
Niagara period	A subdivision or the American Upper Silurian system, embracing the Medina, Clinton, and Niagara epoch. The rocks of the Niagara epoch, mostly limestones, are extensively distributed, and at Niagara Falls consist of about eighty feet of shale supporting a greater thickness of limestone, which is gradually undermined by the removal of the shale. See Chart of Geology.
Nias	A young hawk; an eyas; hence, an unsophisticated person.
Nib	A small and pointed thing or part; a point; a prong.
Nib	The bill or beak of a bird; the neb.
Nib	The points of a pen; also, the pointed part of a pen; a short pen adapted for insertion in a holder.
Nib	One of the handles which project from a scythe snath; also, [Prov. Eng.], the shaft of a wagon.
Nebbed	of Nib
Nibbing	of Nib
Nib	To furnish with a nib; to point; to mend the point of; as, to nib a pen.
Nibbed	Having a nib or point.
Nibbled	of Nibble
Nibbling	of Nibble
Nibble	To bite by little at a time; to seize gently with the mouth; to eat slowly or in small bits.
Nibble	To bite upon something gently or cautiously; to eat a little of a thing, as by taking small bits cautiously; as, fishes nibble at the bait.
Nibble	A small or cautious bite.
Nibbler	One who, or that which, nibbles.
Nibblingly	In a nibbling manner; cautiously.
Niblick	A kind of golf stick used to lift the ball out of holes, ruts, etc.
Nicagua	The laughing falcon. See under laughing.
Nicaragua wood	Brazil wood.
Niccolite	A mineral of a copper-red color and metallic luster; an arsenide of nickel; -- called also coppernickel, kupfernickel.
Nice	Foolish; silly; simple; ignorant; also, weak; effeminate.
Nice	Of trifling moment; nimportant; trivial.
Nice	Overscrupulous or exacting; hard to please or satisfy; fastidious in small matters.
Nice	Delicate; refined; dainty; pure.
Nice	Apprehending slight differences or delicate distinctions; distinguishing accurately or minutely; carefully discriminating; as, a nice taste or judgment.
Nice	Done or made with careful labor; suited to excite admiration on account of exactness; evidencing great skill; exact; fine; finished; as, nice proportions, nice workmanship, a nice application; exactly or fastidiously discriminated; requiring close discrimination; as, a nice point of law, a nice distinction in philosophy.
Nice	Pleasing; agreeable; gratifying; delightful; good; as, a nice party; a nice excursion; a nice person; a nice day; a nice sauce, etc.
Nicely	In a nice manner.
Nicene	Of or pertaining to Nice, a town of Asia Minor, or to the ecumenial council held there A. D. 325.
Niceness	Quality or state of being nice.
Nicery	Nicety.
Niceties	of Nicety
Nicety	The quality or state of being nice (in any of the senses of that word.).
Nicety	Delicacy or exactness of perception; minuteness of observation or of discrimination; precision.
Nicety	A delicate expression, act, mode of treatment, distinction, or the like; a minute distinction.
Niche	A cavity, hollow, or recess, generally within the thickness of a wall, for a statue, bust, or other erect ornament. hence, any similar position, literal or figurative.
Niched	Placed in a niche.
Nick	An evil spirit of the waters.
Nick	A notch cut into something
Nick	A score for keeping an account; a reckoning.
Nick	A notch cut crosswise in the shank of a type, to assist a compositor in placing it properly in the stick, and in distribution.
Nick	A broken or indented place in any edge or surface; nicks in china.
Nick	A particular point or place considered as marked by a nick; the exact point or critical moment.
Nicked	of Nick
Nicking	of Nick
Nick	To make a nick or nicks in; to notch; to keep count of or upon by nicks; as, to nick a stick, tally, etc.
Nick	To mar; to deface; to make ragged, as by cutting nicks or notches in.
Nick	To suit or fit into, as by a correspondence of nicks; to tally with.
Nick	To hit at, or in, the nick; to touch rightly; to strike at the precise point or time.
Nick	To make a cross cut or cuts on the under side of (the tail of a horse, in order to make him carry ir higher).
Nick	To nickname; to style.
Nickar nut	Alt. of Nickar tree
Nickar tree	Same as Nicker nut, Nicker tree.
Nickel	A bright silver-white metallic element. It is of the iron group, and is hard, malleable, and ductile. It occurs combined with sulphur in millerite, with arsenic in the mineral niccolite, and with arsenic and sulphur in nickel glance. Symbol Ni. Atomic weight 58.6.
Nickel	A small coin made of or containing nickel; esp., a five-cent piece.
Nickelic	Pertaining to, or containing, nickel; specifically, designating compounds in which, as contrasted with the nickelous compounds, the metal has a higher valence; as nickelic oxide.
Nickeliferous	Containing nickel; as, nickelferous iron.
Nickeline	An alloy of nickel, a variety of German silver.
Nickeline	Niccolite.
Nickelous	Of, pertaining to, or designating, those compounds of nickel in which, as contrasted with the nickelic compounds, the metal has a lower valence; as, nickelous oxide.
Nicker	One of the night brawlers of London formerly noted for breaking windows with half-pence.
Nicker	The cutting lip which projects downward at the edge of a boring bit and cuts a circular groove in the wood to limit the size of the hole that is bored.
Nicker nut	A rounded seed, rather smaller than a nutmeg, having a hard smooth shell, and a yellowish or bluish color. The seeds grow in the prickly pods of tropical, woody climbers of the genus Caesalpinia. C. Bonduc has yellowish seeds; C. Bonducella, bluish gray.
Nicker tree	The plant producing nicker nuts.
Nicking	The cutting made by the hewer at the side of the face.
Nicking	Small coal produced in making the nicking.
Nickle	The European woodpecker, or yaffle; -- called also nicker pecker.
Nicknack	See Knickknack.
Nicknackery	See Knickknackery.
Nickname	A name given in contempt, derision, or sportive familiarity; a familiar or an opprobrious appellation.
Nicknamed	of Nickname
Nicknaming	of Nickname
Nickname	To give a nickname to; to call by a nickname.
Nicolaitan	One of certain corrupt persons in the early church at Ephesus, who are censured in rev. ii. 6, 15.
Nicotian	Tobacco.
Nicotian	Pertaining to, or derived from, tobacco.
Nicotiana	A genus of American and Asiatic solanaceous herbs, with viscid foliage and funnel-shaped blossoms. Several species yield tobacco. See Tobacco.
Nicotianine	A white waxy substance having a hot, bitter taste, extracted from tobacco leaves and called also tobacco camphor.
Nicotic	Nicotinic.
Nicotidine	A complex, oily, nitrogenous base, isomeric with nicotine, and obtained by the reduction of certain derivatives of the pyridine group.
Nicotine	An alkaloid which is the active principle of tobacco. It is a colorless, transparent, oily liquid, having an acrid odor, and an acrid burning taste. It is intensely poisonous.
Nicotinic	Pertaining to, or derived from, nicotine; nicotic; -- used specifically to designate an acid related to pyridine, obtained by the oxidation of nicotine, and called nicotinic acid.
Nictate	To wink; to nictitate.
Nictation	the act of winking; nictitation.
Nictitate	To wink; to nictate.
Nictitation	The act of winking.
Nidamental	Of, pertaining to, or baring, eggs or egg capsules; as, the nidament capsules of certain gastropods; nidamental glands. See Illust. of Dibranchiata.
Nidary	A collection of nests.
Nide	A nestful; a brood; as, a nide of pheasants.
Nidering	Infamous; dastardly.
Nidgery	A trifle; a piece of foolery.
Nidget	A fool; an idiot, a coward.
Nidificated	of Nidificate
Nidificating	of Nidificate
Nidificate	To make a nest.
Nidification	The act or process of building a nest.
Niding	A coward; a dastard; -- a term of utmost opprobrium.
Nidor	Scent or savor of meat or food, cooked or cooking.
Nidorose	Nidorous.
Nidorous	Resembling the smell or taste of roast meat, or of corrupt animal matter.
Nidulant	Nestling, as a bird in itss nest.
Nidulant	Lying loose in pulp or cotton within a berry or pericarp, as in a nest.
Nidulated	of Nidulate
Nidulating	of Nidulate
Nidulate	To make a nest, as a bird.
Nidulation	The time of remaining in the nest.
Nidulite	A Silurian fossil, formerly supposed to consist of eggs.
nidi	of Nidus
Nidus	A nest: a repository for the eggs of birds, insects, etc.; a breeding place; esp., the place or substance where parasites or the germs of a disease effect lodgment or are developed.
Niece	A relative, in general; especially, a descendant, whether male or female; a granddaughter or a grandson.
Niece	A daughter of one's brother or sister, or of one's brother-in-law or sister-in-law.
Nief	See Neif, the fist.
Niellist	One who practices the style of ornamentation called niello.
Niello	A metallic alloy of a deep black color.
Niello	The art, process, or method of decorating metal with incised designs filled with the black alloy.
Niello	A piece of metal, or any other object, so decorated.
Niello	An impression on paper taken from an ancient incised decoration or metal plate.
Nifle	A trifle.
Niggard	A person meanly close and covetous; one who spends grudgingly; a stingy, parsimonous fellow; a miser.
Niggard	Like a niggard; meanly covetous or parsimonious; niggardly; miserly; stingy.
Niggard	To act the niggard toward; to be niggardly.
Niggardise	Niggardliness.
Niggardish	Somewhat niggard.
Niggardliness	The quality or state of being niggard; meanness in giving or spending; parsimony; stinginess.
Niggardly	Meanly covetous or avarcious in dealing with others; stingy; niggard.
Niggardly	In a niggard manner.
Niggardness	Niggardliness.
Niggardous	Niggardly.
Niggardship	Niggardliness.
Niggardy	Niggardliness.
nigged	Hammer-dressed; -- said of building stone.
Nigger	A negro; -- in vulgar derision or depreciation.
Niggish	Niggardly.
Niggled	of Niggle
Niggling	of Niggle
Niggle	To trifle with; to deceive; to mock.
Niggle	To trifle or play.
Niggle	To act or walk mincingly.
Niggle	To fret and snarl about trifles.
Niggler	One who niggles.
Nigh	Not distant or remote in place or time; near.
Nigh	Not remote in degree, kindred, circumstances, etc.; closely allied; intimate.
Nigh	In a situation near in place or time, or in the course of events; near.
Nigh	Almost; nearly; as, he was nigh dead.
Nigh	To draw nigh (to); to approach; to come near.
Nigh	Near to; not remote or distant from.
Nighly	In a near relation in place, time, degree, etc.; within a little; almost.
Nighness	The quality or state of being nigh.
Night	That part of the natural day when the sun is beneath the horizon, or the time from sunset to sunrise; esp., the time between dusk and dawn, when there is no light of the sun, but only moonlight, starlight, or artificial light.
Night	Darkness; obscurity; concealment.
Night	Intellectual and moral darkness; ignorance.
Night	A state of affliction; adversity; as, a dreary night of sorrow.
Night	The period after the close of life; death.
Night	A lifeless or unenlivened period, as when nature seems to sleep.
Night-blooming	Blooming in the night.
Nightcap	A cap worn in bed to protect the head, or in undress.
Nightcap	A potion of spirit drank at bedtime.
Nightdress	A nightgown.
Nighted	Darkness; clouded.
Nighted	Overtaken by night; belated.
Nightertale	period of night; nighttime.
Night-eyed	Capable of seeing at night; sharp-eyed.
Nightfall	The close of the day.
Night-faring	Going or traveling in the night.
Nightgown	A loose gown used for undress; also, a gown used for a sleeping garnment.
Nightingale	A small, plain, brown and gray European song bird (Luscinia luscinia). It sings at night, and is celebrated for the sweetness of its song.
Nightingale	A larger species (Lucinia philomela), of Eastern Europe, having similar habits; the thrush nightingale. The name is also applied to other allied species.
Nightish	Of or pertaining to night.
Nightjar	A goatsucker, esp. the European species. See Illust. of Goatsucker.
Nightless	Having no night.
Nightlong	Lasting all night.
Nightly	Of or pertaining to the night, or to every night; happening or done by night, or every night; as, nightly shades; he kept nightly vigils.
Nightly	At night; every night.
Nightmen	of Nightman
Nightman	One whose business is emptying privies by night.
Nightmare	A fiend or incubus formerly supposed to cause trouble in sleep.
Nightmare	A condition in sleep usually caused by improper eating or by digestive or nervous troubles, and characterized by a sense of extreme uneasiness or discomfort (as of weight on the chest or stomach, impossibility of motion or speech, etc.), or by frightful or oppressive dreams, from which one wakes after extreme anxiety, in a troubled state of mind; incubus.
Nightmare	Hence, any overwhelming, oppressive, or stupefying influence.
Nightshade	A common name of many species of the genus Solanum, given esp. to the Solanum nigrum, or black nightshade, a low, branching weed with small white flowers and black berries reputed to be poisonous.
Nightshirt	A kind of nightgown for men.
Nighttime	The time from dusk to dawn; -- opposed to daytime.
Nightward	Approaching toward night.
Nigraniline	The complex, nitrogenous, organic base and dyestuff called also aniline black.
Nigrescent	Growing black; changing to a black color; approaching to blackness.
Nigrification	The act or process of making black.
Nigrine	A ferruginous variety of rutile.
Nigritude	Blackness; the state of being black.
Nigromancie	Necromancy.
Nigromancien	A necromancer.
Nigrosine	A dark blue dyestuff, of the induline group; -- called also azodiphenyl blue.
Nigua	The chigoe.
Nihil	Nothing.
Nihilism	Nothingness; nihility.
Nihilism	The doctrine that nothing can be known; scepticism as to all knowledge and all reality.
Nihilism	The theories and practices of the Nihilists.
Nihilist	One who advocates the doctrine of nihilism; one who believes or teaches that nothing can be known, or asserted to exist.
Nihilist	A member of a secret association (esp. in Russia), which is devoted to the destruction of the present political, religious, and social institutions.
Nihilistic	Of, pertaining to, or characterized by, nihilism.
Nihility	Nothingness; a state of being nothing.
Nil	Will not.
Nil	Nothing; of no account; worthless; -- a term often used for canceling, in accounts or bookkeeping.
Nile	The great river of Egypt.
Nilgau	see Nylghau.
Nilled	of Nill
Nilling	of Nill
Nill	Not to will; to refuse; to reject.
Nill	To be unwilling; to refuse to act.
Nill	Shining sparks thrown off from melted brass.
Nill	Scales of hot iron from the forge.
Nilometer	An instrument for measuring the rise of water in the Nile during its periodical flood.
Niloscope	A Nilometer.
Nilotic	Of or pertaining to the river Nile; as, the Nilotic crocodile.
Nilt	Wilt not.
Nam	of Nim
Nimmed	of Nim
Nomen	of Nim
Nome	of Nim
Nim	To take; to steal; to filch.
Nimbiferous	Serving to bring clouds or stormy weather.
Nimble	Light and quick in motion; moving with ease and celerity; lively; swift.
Nimbleness	The quality of being nimble; lightness and quickness in motion; agility; swiftness.
Nimbless	Nimbleness.
Nimbly	In a nimble manner; with agility; with light, quick motion.
Nimbose	Cloudy; stormy; tempestuous.
Nimbi	of Nimbus
Nimbuses	of Nimbus
Nimbus	A circle, or disk, or any indication of radiant light around the heads of divinities, saints, and sovereigns, upon medals, pictures, etc.; a halo. See Aureola, and Glory, n., 5.
Nimbus	A rain cloud; one of the four principal varieties of clouds. See Cloud.
Nimiety	State of being in excess.
Nimious	Excessive; extravagant; inordinate.
Nimmer	A thief.
Nin	Not in.
Nincompoop	A fool; a silly or stupid person.
Nine	Eight and one more; one less than ten; as, nine miles.
Nine	The number greater than eight by a unit; nine units or objects.
Nine	A symbol representing nine units, as 9 or ix.
Nine-bark	A white-flowered rosaceous shrub (Neillia, / Spiraea, opulifolia), common in the Northern United States.  The bark separates into many thin layers, whence the name.
Nine-eyes	The lamprey.
Ninefold	Nine times repeated.
Nineholes	A game in which nine holes are made in the ground, into which a ball is bowled.
Nine-killer	The northern butcher bird.
Ninepences	of Ninepence
Ninepence	An old English silver coin, worth nine pence.
Ninepence	A New England name for the Spanish real, a coin formerly current in the United States, as valued at twelve and a half cents.
Ninepins	A game played with nine pins, or pieces of wood, set on end, at which a wooden ball is bowled to knock them down; bowling.
Ninescore	Nine times twenty, or one hundred and eighty.
Ninescore	The product of nine times twenty; ninescore units or objects.
Nineteen	Nine and ten; eighteen and one more; one less than twenty; as, nineteen months.
Nineteen	The number greater than eighteen by a unit; the sum of ten and nine; nineteen units or objects.
Nineteen	A symbol for nineteen units, as 19 or xix.
Nineteenth	Following the eighteenth and preceding the twentieth; coming after eighteen others.
Nineteenth	Constituting or being one of nineteen equal parts into which anything is divided.
Nineteenth	The quotient of a unit divided by nineteen; one of nineteen equal parts of anything.
Nineteenth	The next in order after the eighteenth.
Nineteenth	An interval of two octaves and a fifth.
Ninetieth	Next in order after the eighty-ninth.
Ninetieth	Constituting or being one of ninety equal parts.
Ninetieth	The quotient of a unit divided by ninety; one of ninety equal parts of anything.
Ninetieth	The next in order after the eighty-ninth.
Ninety	Nine times ten; eighty-nine and one more; as, ninety men.
Nineties	of Ninety
Ninety	The sum of nine times ten; the number greater by a unit than eighty-nine; ninety units or objects.
Ninety	A symbol representing ninety units, as 90 or xc.
Ninnies	of Ninny
Ninny	A fool; a simpleton.
Ninnyhammer	A simpleton; a silly person.
Ninth	Following the eight and preceding the tenth; coming after eight others.
Ninth	Constituting or being one of nine equal parts into which anything is divided.
Ninth	The quotient of one divided by nine; one of nine equal parts of a thing; the next after the eighth.
Ninth	An interval containing an octave and a second.
Ninth	A chord of the dominant seventh with the ninth added.
Ninthly	In the ninth place.
Ninut	The magpie.
Niobate	Same as Columbate.
Niobe	The daughter of Tantalus, and wife of Amphion, king of Thebes. Her pride in her children provoked Apollo and Diana, who slew them all. Niobe herself was changed by the gods into stone.
Niobic	Same as Columbic.
Niobite	Same as Columbite.
Niobium	A later name of columbium. See Columbium.
Niopo	A kind of snuff prepared by the natives of Venezuela from the roasted seeds of a leguminous tree (Piptadenia peregrina), thence called niopo tree.
Nip	A sip or small draught; esp., a draught of intoxicating liquor; a dram.
Nipped	of Nip
Nipt	of Nip
Nipping	of Nip
Nip	To catch and inclose or compress tightly between two surfaces, or points which are brought together or closed; to pinch; to close in upon.
Nip	To remove by pinching, biting, or cutting with two meeting edges of anything; to clip.
Nip	Hence: To blast, as by frost; to check the growth or vigor of; to destroy.
Nip	To vex or pain, as by nipping; hence, to taunt.
Nip	A seizing or closing in upon; a pinching; as, in the northern seas, the nip of masses of ice.
Nip	A pinch with the nails or teeth.
Nip	A small cut, or a cutting off the end.
Nip	A blast; a killing of the ends of plants by frost.
Nip	A biting sarcasm; a taunt.
Nip	A short turn in a rope.
Nipper	One who, or that which, nips.
Nipper	A fore tooth of a horse. The nippers are four in number.
Nipper	A satirist.
Nipper	A pickpocket; a young or petty thief.
Nipper	The cunner.
Nipper	A European crab (Polybius Henslowii).
Nipperkin	A small cup.
Nippers	Small pinchers for holding, breaking, or cutting.
Nippers	A device with fingers or jaws for seizing an object and holding or conveying it; as, in a printing press, a clasp for catching a sheet and conveying it to the form.
Nippers	A number of rope-yarns wound together, used to secure a cable to the messenger.
Nipping	Biting; pinching; painful; destructive; as, a nipping frost; a nipping wind.
Nippingly	In a nipping manner.
Nippitate	Peculiary strong and good; -- said of ale or liquor.
Nippitato	Strong liquor.
Nipple	The protuberance through which milk is drawn from the breast or mamma; the mammilla; a teat; a pap.
Nipple	The orifice at which any animal liquid, as the oil from an oil bag, is discharged.
Nipple	Any small projection or article in which there is an orifice for discharging a fluid, or for other purposes; as, the nipple of a nursing bottle; the nipple of a percussion lock, or that part on which the cap is put and through which the fire passes to the charge.
Nipple	A pipe fitting, consisting of a short piece of pipe, usually provided with a screw thread at each end, for connecting two other fittings.
Nipplewort	A yellow-flowered composite herb (Lampsana communis), formerly used as an external application to the nipples of women; -- called also dock-cress.
Nirvana	In the Buddhist system of religion, the final emancipation of the soul from transmigration, and consequently a beatific enfrachisement from the evils of wordly existence, as by annihilation or absorption into the divine. See Buddhism.
Nis	Is not.
Nisan	The first month of the jewish ecclesiastical year, formerly answering nearly to the month of April, now to March, of the Christian calendar. See Abib.
Nyseys	of Nisey
Nisey	A simpleton.
Nisi	Unless; if not.
Niste	Wist not; knew not.
Nisus	A striving; an effort; a conatus.
Nit	The egg of a louse or other small insect.
Nitency	Brightness; luster.
Nitency	Endeavor; rffort; tendency.
Niter	Alt. of Nitre
Nitre	A white crystalline semitransparent salt; potassium nitrate; saltpeter. See Saltpeter.
Nitre	Native sodium carbonate; natron.
Nithing	See Niding.
Nitid	Bright; lustrous; shining.
Nitid	Gay; spruce; fine; -- said of persons.
Nitranilic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a complex organic acid produced as a white crystalline substance by the action of nitrous acid on hydroquinone.
Nitraniline	Any one of a series of nitro derivatives of aniline. In general they are yellow crystalline substances.
Nitrate	A salt of nitric acid.
Nitrated	Combined, or impregnated, with nitric acid, or some of its compounds.
Nitrated	Prepared with nitrate of silver.
Nitratine	A mineral occurring in transparent crystals, usually of a white, sometimes of a reddish gray, or lemon-yellow, color; native sodium nitrate. It is used in making nitric acid and for manure. Called also soda niter.
Nitre	See Niter.
Nitriary	An artificial bed of animal matter for the manufacture of niter by nitrification. See Nitrification, 2.
Nitric	Of, pertaining to, or containing, nitrogen; specifically, designating any one of those compounds in which, as contrasted with nitrous compounds, the element has a higher valence; as, nitric oxide; nitric acid.
Nitride	A binary compound of nitrogen with a more metallic element or radical; as, boric nitride.
Nitriferous	Bearing niter; yielding, or containing, niter.
Nitrification	The act, process, or result of combining with nitrogen or some of its compounds.
Nitrification	The act or process of oxidizing nitrogen or its compounds so as to form nitrous or nitric acid.
Nitrification	A process of oxidation, in which nitrogenous vegetable and animal matter in the presence of air, moisture, and some basic substances, as lime or alkali carbonate, is converted into nitrates.
Nitrifier	An agent employed in nitrification.
Nitrified	of Nitrify
Nitrifying	of Nitrify
Nitrify	To combine or impregnate with nitrogen; to convert, by oxidation, into nitrous or nitric acid; to subject to, or produce by, nitrification.
Nitrile	Any one of a series of cyanogen compounds; particularly, one of those cyanides of alcohol radicals which, by boiling with acids or alkalies, produce a carboxyl acid, with the elimination of the nitrogen as ammonia.
Nitrite	A salt of nitrous acid.
Nitro-	A combining form or an adjective denoting the presence of niter.
Nitro-	A combining form (used also adjectively) designating certain compounds of nitrogen or of its acids, as nitrohydrochloric, nitrocalcite; also, designating the group or radical NO2, or its compounds, as nitrobenzene.
Nitrobenzene	A yellow aromatic liquid (C6H5.NO2), produced by the action of nitric acid on benzene, and called from its odor imitation oil of bitter almonds, or essence of mirbane. It is used in perfumery, and is manufactured in large quantities in the preparation of aniline. Fornerly called also nitrobenzol.
Nitrobenzol	Alt. of Nitrobenzole
Nitrobenzole	See Nitrobenzene.
Nitrocalcite	Nitrate of calcium, a substance having a grayish white color, occuring in efforescences on old walls, and in limestone caves, especially where there exists decaying animal matter.
Nitrocarbol	See Nitromethane.
Nitrocellulose	See Gun cotton, under Gun.
Nitro-chloroform	Same as Chlorpicrin.
Nitroform	A nitro derivative of methane, analogous to chloroform, obtained as a colorless oily or crystalline substance, CH.(NO2)3, quite explosive, and having well-defined acid properties.
Nitrogelatin	An explosive consisting of gun cotton and camphor dissolved in nitroglycerin.
Nitrogen	A colorless nonmetallic element, tasteless and odorless, comprising four fifths of the atmosphere by volume. It is chemically very inert in the free state, and as such is incapable of supporting life (hence the name azote still used by French chemists); but it forms many important compounds, as ammonia, nitric acid, the cyanides, etc, and is a constituent of all organized living tissues, animal or vegetable. Symbol N. Atomic weight 14. It was formerly regarded as a permanent noncondensible gas, but was liquefied in 1877 by Cailletet of Paris, and Pictet of Geneva.
Nitrogenized	of Nitrogenize
Nitrogenizing	of Nitrogenize
Nitrogenize	To combine, or impregnate, with nitrogen or its compounds.
Nitrogenous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, nitrogen; as, a nitrogenous principle; nitrogenous compounds.
Nitroglycerin	A liquid appearing like a heavy oil, colorless or yellowish, and consisting of a mixture of several glycerin salts of nitric acid, and hence more properly called glycerin nitrate. It is made by the action of nitric acid on glycerin in the presence of sulphuric acid. It is extremely unstable and terribly explosive. A very dilute solution is used in medicine as a neurotic under the name of glonion.
Nitrohydrochloric	Of, pertaining to, or containing, nitric and hydrochloric acids.
Nitrol	Any one of a series of hydrocarbons containing the nitro and the nitroso or isonitroso group united to the same carbon atom.
Nitroleum	Nitroglycerin.
Nitrolic	Of, derived from, or designating, a nitrol; as, a nitrolic acid.
Nitromagnesite	Nitrate of magnesium, a saline efflorescence closely resembling nitrate of calcium.
Nitrometer	An apparatus for determining the amount of nitrogen or some of its compounds in any substance subjected to analysis; an azotometer.
Nitromethane	A nitro derivative of methane obtained as a mobile liquid; -- called also nitrocarbol.
Nitromuriatic	Of, pertaining to, or composed of, nitric acid and muriatic acid; nitrohydrochloric. See Nitrohydrochloric.
Nitrophnol	Any one of a series of nitro derivatives of phenol. They are yellow oily or crystalline substances and have well-defined acid properties, as picric acid.
Nitroprussic	Pertaining to, derived from, or designating, a complex acid called nitroprussic acid, obtained indirectly by the action of nitric acid on potassium ferrocyanide (yellow prussiate), as a red crystalline unstable substance. It forms salts called nitroprussides, which give a rich purple color with alkaline subphides.
Nitroprusside	See Nitroprussic.
Nitroquinol	A hypothetical nitro derivative of quinol or hydroquinone, not known in the free state, but forming a well defined series of derivatives.
Niteosaccharin	An explosive nitro derivative of certain sugars, analogous to nitroglycerin, gun cotton, etc.
Nitrosalicylic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a nitro derivative of salicylic acid, called also anilic acid.
Nitrose	See Nitrous.
Nitroso-	 (/ / /). (Chem.) A prefix (also used adjectively) designating the group or radical NO, called the nitroso group, or its compounds.
Nitrosyl	the radical NO, called also the nitroso group.  The term is sometimes loosely used to designate certain nitro compounds; as, nitrosyl sulphuric acid. Used also adjectively.
Nitrosylic	Of, pertaining to, or containing, nitrosyl; as, nitrosylic acid.
Nitrous	Of, pertaining to, or containing, niter; of the quality of niter, or resembling it.
Nitrous	Of, pertaining to, or designating, any one of those compounds in which nitrogen has a relatively lower valence as contrasted with nitric compounds.
Nitroxyl	The group NO2, usually called the nitro group.
Nitrum	Niter.
Nitry	Nitrous.
Nitryl	A name sometimes given to the nitro group or radical.
Nitter	The horselouse; an insect that deposits nits on horses.
Nittily	Lousily.
Nittings	The refuse of good ore.
Nitty	Full of nits.
Nitty	Shining; elegant; spruce.
Nival	Abounding with snow; snowy.
Niveous	Snowy; resembling snow; partaking of the qualities of snow.
Nivose	The fourth month of the French republican calendar [1792-1806]. It commenced December 21, and ended January 19. See VendEmiaire.
Nix	One of a class of water spirits, commonly described as of a mischievous disposition.
Nixie	See Nix.
Nizam	The title of the native sovereigns of Hyderabad, in India, since 1719.
No	Not any; not one; none.
No	Nay; not; not at all; not in any respect or degree; -- a word expressing negation, denial, or refusal. Before or after another negative, no is emphatic.
Noes	of No
No	A refusal by use of the wordd no; a denial.
No	A negative vote; one who votes in the negative; as, to call for the ayes and noes; the noes have it.
Noachian	Of or pertaining to the patriarch Noah, or to his time.
Noah	A patriarch of Biblical history, in the time of the Deluge.
Nob	The head.
Nob	A person in a superior position in life; a nobleman.
Nobbily	In a nobby manner.
Nobbler	A dram of spirits.
Nobby	Stylish; modish; elegant; showy; aristocratic; fashionable.
Nobiliary	Of or pertaining to the nobility.
Nobiliary	A history of noble families.
Nobilify	To make noble; to nobiliate.
Nobilitate	To make noble; to ennoble; to exalt.
Nobilitation	The act of making noble.
Nobility	The quality or state of being noble; superiority of mind or of character; commanding excellence; eminence.
Nobility	The state of being of high rank or noble birth; patrician dignity; antiquity of family; distinction by rank, station, or title, whether inherited or conferred.
Nobility	Those who are noble; the collictive body of nobles or titled persons in a stste; the aristocratic and patrician class; the peerage; as, the English nobility.
Noble	Possessing eminence, elevation, dignity, etc.; above whatever is low, mean, degrading, or dishonorable; magnanimous; as, a noble nature or action; a noble heart.
Noble	Grand; stately; magnificent; splendid; as, a noble edifice.
Noble	Of exalted rank; of or pertaining to the nobility; distinguished from the masses by birth, station, or title; highborn; as, noble blood; a noble personage.
Noble	A person of rank above a commoner; a nobleman; a peer.
Noble	An English money of account, and, formerly, a gold coin, of the value of 6 s. 8 d. sterling, or about $1.61.
Noble	A European fish; the lyrie.
Noble	To make noble; to ennoble.
Noblemen	of Nobleman
Nobleman	One of the nobility; a noble; a peer; one who enjoys rank above a commoner, either by virtue of birth, by office, or by patent.
Noble-minded	Having a noble mind; honorable; magnanimous.
Nobleness	The quality or state of being noble; greatness; dignity; magnanimity; elevation of mind, character, or station; nobility; grandeur; stateliness.
Nobless	Alt. of Noblesse
Noblesse	Dignity; greatness; noble birth or condition.
Noblesse	The nobility; persons of noble rank collectively, including males and females.
Noblewomen	of Noblewoman
Noblewoman	A female of noble rank; a peeress.
Nobley	The body of nobles; the nobility.
Nobley	Noble birth; nobility; dignity.
Nobly	Of noble extraction; as, nobly born or descended.
Nobly	In a noble manner; with greatness of soul; heroically; with magnanimity; as, a deed nobly done.
Nobly	Splendidly; magnificently.
Nobodies	of Nobody
Nobody	No person; no one; not anybody.
Nobody	A person of no influence or importance; an insignificant or contemptible person.
Nocake	Indian corn parched, and beaten to powder, -- used for food by the Northern American Indians.
Nocent	Doing hurt, or having a tendency to hurt; hurtful; mischievous; noxious; as, nocent qualities.
Nocent	Guilty; -- the opposite of innocent.
Nocent	A criminal.
Nocently	Hurtfully; injuriosly.
Nocive	Hurtful; injurious.
Nock	A notch.
Nock	The upper fore corner of a boom sail or of a trysail.
Nock	To notch; to fit to the string, as an arrow; to string, as a bow.
Noctambulation	Somnambulism; walking in sleep.
Noctambulism	Somnambulism.
Noctambulist	A somnambulist.
Noctambulo	A noctambulist.
Noctidial	Comprising a night and a day; a noctidial day.
Noctiferous	Bringing night.
Noctilionid	A South American bat of the genus Noctilio, having cheek pouches and large incisor teeth.
NoctilucAe	of Noctiluca
Noctiluca	That which shines at night; -- a fanciful name for phosphorus.
Noctiluca	A genus of marine flagellate Infusoria, remarkable for their unusually large size and complex structure, as well as for their phosphorescence. The brilliant diffuse phosphorescence of the sea is often due to myriads of Noctilucae.
Noctilucin	A fatlike substance in certain marine animals, to which they owe their phosphorescent properties.
Noctilucine	Of or pertaining to Noctiluca.
Noctilucous	Shining in the night.
Noctivagant	Going about in the night; night-wandering.
Noctivagation	A roving or going about in the night.
Noctivagous	Noctivagant.
Noctograph	A kind of writing frame for the blind.
Noctograph	An instrument or register which records the presence of watchmen on their beats.
Noctuary	A record of what passes in the night; a nightly journal; -- distinguished from diary.
Noctuid	Any one of numerous moths of the family Noctuidae, or Noctuaelitae, as the cutworm moths, and armyworm moths; -- so called because they fly at night.
Noctuid	Of or pertaining to the noctuids, or family Noctuidae.
Noctule	A large European bat (Vespertilio, / Noctulina, altivolans).
Nocturn	An office of devotion, or act of religious service, by night.
Nocturn	One of the portions into which the Psalter was divided, each consisting of nine psalms, designed to be used at a night service.
Nocturnal	Of, pertaining to, done or occuring in, the night; as, nocturnal darkness, cries, expedition, etc.; -- opposed to diurnal.
Nocturnal	Having a habit of seeking food or moving about at night; as, nocturnal birds and insects.
Nocturnal	An instrument formerly used for taking the altitude of the stars, etc., at sea.
Nocturnally	By night; nightly.
Nocturne	A night piece, or serenade. The name is now used for a certain graceful and expressive form of instrumental composition, as the nocturne for orchestra in Mendelsohn's "Midsummer-Night's Dream" music.
Nocument	Harm; injury; detriment.
Nocuous	Hurtful; noxious.
Nod	To bend or incline the upper part, with a quick motion; as, nodding plumes.
Nod	To incline the head with a quick motion; to make a slight bow; to make a motion of assent, of salutation, or of drowsiness, with the head; as, to nod at one.
Nod	To be drowsy or dull; to be careless.
Nodded	of Nod
Nodding	of Nod
Nod	To incline or bend, as the head or top; to make a motion of assent, of salutation, or of drowsiness with; as, to nod the head.
Nod	To signify by a nod; as, to nod approbation.
Nod	To cause to bend.
Nod	A dropping or bending forward of the upper oart or top of anything.
Nod	A quick or slight downward or forward motion of the head, in assent, in familiar salutation, in drowsiness, or in giving a signal, or a command.
Nodal	Of the nature of, or relating to, a node; as, a nodal point.
Nodated	Knotted.
Nodation	Act of making a knot, or state of being knotted.
Nodder	One who nods; a drowsy person.
Nodding	Curved so that the apex hangs down; having the top bent downward.
Noddle	The head; -- used jocosely or contemptuously.
Noddle	The back part of the head or neck.
Noddies	of Noddy
Noddy	A simpleton; a fool.
Noddy	Any tern of the genus Anous, as A. stolidus.
Noddy	The arctic fulmar (Fulmarus glacialis). Sometimes also applied to other sea birds.
Noddy	An old game at cards.
Noddy	A small two-wheeled one-horse vehicle.
Noddy	An inverted pendulum consisting of a short vertical flat spring which supports a rod having a bob at the top; -- used for detecting and measuring slight horizontal vibrations of a body to which it is attached.
Node	A knot, a knob; a protuberance; a swelling.
Node	One of the two points where the orbit of a planet, or comet, intersects the ecliptic, or the orbit of a satellite intersects the plane of the orbit of its primary.
Node	The joint of a stem, or the part where a leaf or several leaves are inserted.
Node	A hole in the gnomon of a dial, through which passes the ray of light which marks the hour of the day, the parallels of the sun's declination, his place in the ecliptic, etc.
Node	The point at which a curve crosses itself, being a double point of the curve. See Crunode, and Acnode.
Node	The point at which the lines of a funicular machine meet from different angular directions; -- called also knot.
Node	The knot, intrigue, or plot of a piece.
Node	A hard concretion or incrustation which forms upon bones attacked with rheumatism, gout, or syphilis; sometimes also, a swelling in the neighborhood of a joint.
Node	One of the fixed points of a sonorous string, when it vibrates by aliquot parts, and produces the harmonic tones; nodal line or point.
Node	A swelling.
Nodical	Of or pertaining to the nodes; from a node to the same node again; as, the nodical revolutions of the moon.
Nodosarine	Resembling in form or structure a foraminiferous shell of the genus Nodosaria.
Nodosarine	A foraminifer of the genus Nodosaria or of an allied genus.
Nodose	Knotty; having numerous or conspicuous nodes.
Nodose	Having nodes or prominences; having the alternate joints enlarged, as the antennae of certain insects.
Nodosity	The quality of being knotty or nodose; resemblance to a node or swelling; knottiness.
Nodosity	A knot; a node.
Nodosous	Alt. of Nodous
Nodous	Nodose; knotty; knotted.
Nodular	Of, pertaining to, or in the form of, a nodule or knot.
Nodule	A rounded mass or irregular shape; a little knot or lump.
Noduled	Having little knots or lumps.
Nodulose	Alt. of Nodulous
Nodulous	Having small nodes or knots; diminutively nodose.
Noel	Same as Nowel.
Noematachograph	An instrument for determining and registering the duration of more or less complex operations of the mind.
Noematic	Alt. of Noematical
Noematical	Of or pertaining to the understanding.
Noemics	The science of the understanding; intellectual science.
Noetian	One of the followers of Noetus, who lived in the third century. He denied the distinct personality of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.
Noetic	Alt. of Noetical
Noetical	Of or pertaining to the intellect; intellectual.
Nof	Not of; nor of.
Nog	A noggin.
Nog	A kind of strong ale.
Nog	A wooden block, of the size of a brick, built into a wall, as a hold for the nails of woodwork.
Nog	One of the square logs of wood used in a pile to support the roof of a mine.
Nog	A treenail to fasten the shores.
Nog	To fill in, as between scantling, with brickwork.
Nog	To fasten, as shores, with treenails.
Noggen	Made of hemp; hence, hard; rough; harsh.
Noggin	A small mug or cup.
Noggin	A measure equivalent to a gill.
Nogging	Rough brick masonry used to fill in the interstices of a wooden frame, in building.
Noght	Not.
Noiance	Annoyance.
Noie	To annoy. See Noy.
Noier	An annoyer.
Noils	Waste and knots of wool removed by the comb; combings.
Noint	To anoint.
Noious	Annoying; troublesome.
Noise	Sound of any kind.
Noise	Especially, loud, confused, or senseless sound; clamor; din.
Noise	Loud or continuous talk; general talk or discussion; rumor; report.
Noise	Music, in general; a concert; also, a company of musicians; a band.
Noise	To sound; to make a noise.
Noised	of Noise
Noising	of Noise
Noise	To spread by rumor or report.
Noise	To disturb with noise.
Noiseful	Loud; clamorous.
Noiseless	Making, or causing, no noise or bustle; without noise; silent; as, the noiseless foot of time.
Noisette	A hybrid rose produced in 1817, by a French gardener, Noisette, of Charleston, South Carolina, from the China rose and the musk rose. It has given rise to many fine varieties, as the Lamarque, the Marechal (or Marshal) Niel, and the Cloth of gold. Most roses of this class have clustered flowers and are of vigorous growth.
Noisily	In a noisy manner.
Noisiness	The state or quality of being noisy.
Noisome	Noxious to health; hurtful; mischievous; unwholesome; insalubrious; destructive; as, noisome effluvia.
Noisome	Offensive to the smell or other senses; disgusting; fetid.
Noisy	Making a noise, esp. a loud sound; clamorous; vociferous; turbulent; boisterous; as, the noisy crowd.
Noisy	Full of noise.
Nolde	Would not.
Nole	The head.
Noli-me-tangere	Any plant of a genus of herbs (Impatiens) having capsules which, if touched when ripe, discharge their seeds. -- See Impatiens.
Noli-me-tangere	The squirting cucumber. See under Cucumber.
Noli-me-tangere	A name formerly applied to several varieties of ulcerous cutaneous diseases, but now restricted to Lupus exedens, an ulcerative affection of the nose.
Nolition	Adverse action of will; unwillingness; -- opposed to volition.
Noll	The head; the noddle.
Nolleity	The state of being unwilling; nolition.
Nolle prosequi	Will not prosecute; -- an entry on the record, denoting that a plaintiff discontinues his suit, or the attorney for the public a prosecution; either wholly, or as to some count, or as to some of several defendants.
Nolo contendere	A plea, by the defendant, in a criminal prosecution, which, without admitting guilt, subjects him to all the consequences of a plea of quilty.
Nol. pros.	An abbrev. of Nolle prosequi.
-prossed	of Nol-pros
-prossing	of Nol-pros
Nol-pros	To discontinue by entering a nolle prosequi; to decline to prosecute.
Nolt	Neat cattle.
Nom	Name.
Noma	See Canker, n., 1.
Nomad	One of a race or tribe that has no fixed location, but wanders from place to place in search of pasture or game.
Nomad	Roving; nomadic.
Nomade	See Nomad, n.
Nomadian	A nomad.
Nomadic	Of or pertaining to nomads, or their way of life; wandering; moving from place to place for subsistence; as, a nomadic tribe.
Nomadism	The state of being a nomad.
Nomadized	of Nomadize
Nomadizing	of Nomadize
Nomadize	To lead the life of a nomad; to wander with flocks and herds for the sake of finding pasturage.
Nomancy	The art or practice of divining the destiny of persons by the letters which form their names.
No-man's land	A space amidships used to keep blocks, ropes, etc.; a space on a ship belonging to no one in particular to care for.
No-man's land	Fig.: An unclaimed space or time.
Nomarch	The chief magistrate of a nome or nomarchy.
Nomarchies	of Nomarchy
Nomarchy	A province or territorial division of a kingdom, under the rule of a nomarch, as in modern Greece; a nome.
Nombles	The entrails of a deer; the umbles.
Nombril	A point halfway between the fess point and the middle base point of an escutcheon; -- called also navel point. See Escutcheon.
Nome	A province or political division, as of modern Greece or ancient Egypt; a nomarchy.
Nome	Any melody determined by inviolable rules.
Nome	See Term.
Nome	Alt. of Nomen
Nomen	p. p. of Nim.
Nomenclator	One who calls persons or things by their names.
Nomenclator	One who gives names to things, or who settles and adjusts the nomenclature of any art or science; also, a list or vocabulary of technical names.
Nomenclatress	A female nomenclator.
Nomenclatural	Pertaining or according to a nomenclature.
Nomenclature	A name.
Nomenclature	A vocabulary, dictionary, or glossary.
Nomenclature	The technical names used in any particular branch of science or art, or by any school or individual; as, the nomenclature of botany or of chemistry; the nomenclature of Lavoisier and his associates.
Nomial	A name or term.
Nomic	Customary; ordinary; -- applied to the usual English spelling, in distinction from strictly phonetic methods.
Nomic	Nomic spelling.
Nominal	Of or pertaining to a name or names; having to do with the literal meaning of a word; verbal; as, a nominal definition.
Nominal	Existing in name only; not real; as, a nominal difference.
Nominal	A nominalist.
Nominal	A verb formed from a noun.
Nominal	A name; an appellation.
Nominalism	The principles or philosophy of the Nominalists.
Nominalist	One of a sect of philosophers in the Middle Ages, who adopted the opinion of Roscelin, that general conceptions, or universals, exist in name only.
Nominalistic	Of or pertaining to the Nominalists.
Nominalize	To convert into a noun.
Nominally	In a nominal manner; by name; in name only; not in reality.
Nominated	of Nominate
Nominating	of Nominate
Nominate	To mention by name; to name.
Nominate	To call; to entitle; to denominate.
Nominate	To set down in express terms; to state.
Nominate	To name, or designate by name, for an office or place; to appoint; esp., to name as a candidate for an election, choice, or appointment; to propose by name, or offer the name of, as a candidate for an office or place.
Nominately	By name; particularly; namely.
Nomination	The act of naming or nominating; designation of a person as a candidate for office; the power of nominating; the state of being nominated.
Nomination	The denomination, or name.
Nominatival	Of or pertaining to the nominative case.
Nominative	Giving a name; naming; designating; -- said of that case or form of a noun which stands as the subject of a finite verb.
Nominative	The nominative case.
Nominatively	In the manner of a nominative; as a nominative.
Nominator	One who nominates.
Nominee	A person named, or designated, by another, to any office, duty, or position; one nominated, or proposed, by others for office or for election to office.
Nominor	A nominator.
Nomocracy	Government in accordance with a system of law.
Nomography	A treatise on laws; an exposition of the form proper for laws.
Nomology	The science of law; legislation.
Nomology	The science of the laws of the mind; rational psychology.
Nomopelmous	Having a separate and simple tendon to flex the first toe, or hallux, as do passerine birds.
Nomothete	A lawgiver.
Nomothetic	Alt. of Nomothetical
Nomothetical	Legislative; enacting laws; as, a nomothetical power.
Non	No; not. See No, a.
Non-	A prefix used in the sense of not; un-; in-; as in nonattention, or non-attention, nonconformity, nonmetallic, nonsuit.
Nonability	Want of ability.
Nonability	An exception taken against a plaintiff in a cause, when he is unable legally to commence a suit.
Nonacceptance	A neglect or refusal to accept.
Nonacid	Destitute of acid properties; hence, basic; metallic; positive; -- said of certain atoms and radicals.
Nonacquaintance	Want of acquaintance; the state of being unacquainted.
Nonacquiescence	Refusal of acquiescence; failure to yield or comply.
Nonadmission	Failure to be admitted.
Nonadult	Not adult; immature.
Nonaerobiotic	Capable of living without atmospheric oxygen; anaerobiotic.
Nonage	The ninth part of movable goods, formerly payable to the clergy on the death of persons in their parishes.
Nonage	Time of life before a person becomes of age; legal immaturity; minority.
Nonaged	Having the quality of nonage; being a minor; immature.
Nonagenarian	A person ninety years old.
Nonagesimal	Of or pertaining to the ninetieth degree or to a nonagesimal.
Nonagesimal	The middle or highest point of the part of the ecliptic which is at any given moment above the horizon. It is the ninetieth degree of the ecliptic, reckoned from the points in which it is intersected by the horizon.
Nonagon	A figure or polygon having nine sides and nine angles.
Nonagrian	Any moth of the genus Nonagria and allied genera, as the spindleworm and stalk borer.
Nonalienation	Failure to alienate; also, the state of not being alienated.
Nonane	One of a group of metameric hydrocarbons C9H20 of the paraffin series; -- so called because of the nine carbon atoms in the molecule. Normal nonane is a colorless volatile liquid, an ingredient of ordinary kerosene.
Nonappearance	Default of apperance, as in court, to prosecute or defend; failure to appear.
Nonappointment	Neglect of making appointment; failure to receive an appointment.
Nonarrival	Failure to arrive.
Non assumpsit	The general plea or denial in an action of assumpsit.
Nonattendance	A failure to attend; omission of attendance; nonappearance.
Nonattention	Inattention.
Nonbituminous	Containing no bitumen; not bituminous.
Nonce	The one or single occasion; the present call or purpose; -- chiefly used in the phrase for the nonce.
Nonchalance	Indifference; carelessness; coolness.
Nonchalant	Indifferent; careless; cool.
Nonchalantly	In a nonchalant, indifferent, or careless manner; coolly.
Nonclaim	A failure to make claim within the time limited by law; omission of claim.
Noncohesion	Want of cohesion.
Noncoincidence	Lack of coincidence.
Noncoincident	Not coincident.
Noncombatant	Any person connected with an army, or within the lines of an army, who does not make it his business to fight, as any one of the medical officers and their assistants, chaplains, and others; also, any of the citizens of a place occupied by an army; also, any one holding a similar position with respect to the navy.
Noncommissioned	Not having a commission.
Noncommittal	A state of not being committed or pledged; forbearance or refusal to commit one's self. Also used adjectively.
Noncommunion	Neglect or failure of communion.
Noncompletion	Lack of completion; failure to complete.
Noncompliance	Neglect of compliance; failure to comply.
Noncomplying	Neglecting or refusing to comply.
Non compos	Alt. of Non compos mentis
Non compos mentis	Not of sound mind; not having the regular use of reason; hence, also, as a noun, an idiot; a lunatic; one devoid of reason, either by nature or from accident.
Noncon.	See Noncontent.
Nonconcluding	Not concluding.
Nonconcur	To dissent or refuse to concur.
Nonconcurrence	Refusal to concur.
Noncondensible	Not condensible; incapable of being liquefied; -- said of gases.
Noncondensing	Not condensing; discharging the steam from the cylinder at a pressure nearly equal to or above that of the atmosphere and not into a condenser.
Nonconducting	Not conducting; not transmitting a fluid or force; thus, in electricity, wax is a nonconducting substance.
Nonconduction	The quality of not being able to conduct or transmit; failure to conduct.
Nonconductor	A substance which does not conduct, that is, convey or transmit, heat, electricity, sound, vibration, or the like, or which transmits them with difficulty; an insulator; as, wool is a nonconductor of heat; glass and dry wood are nonconductors of electricity.
Nonconforming	Not conforming; declining conformity; especially, not conforming to the established church of a country.
Nonconformist	One who does not conform to an established church; especially, one who does not conform to the established church of England; a dissenter.
Nonconformity	Neglect or failure of conformity; especially, in England, the neglect or refusal to unite with the established church in its rites and modes of worship.
Nonconstat	It does not appear; it is not plain or clear; it does not follow.
Noncontagious	Not contagious; not catching; not communicable by contact.
Noncontent	One who gives a negative vote; -- sometimes abridged into noncon. or non con.
Noncontributing	Alt. of Noncontributory
Noncontributory	Not contributing.
Nonda	The edible plumlike fruit of the Australian tree, Parinarium Nonda.
Nondecane	A hydrocarbon of the paraffin series, a white waxy substance, C19H40; -- so called from the number of carbon atoms in the molecule.
Nondeciduate	Characterized by the absence of a decidua; indeciduate.
Nondelivery	A neglect or failure of delivery; omission of delivery.
Nondeposition	A failure to deposit or throw down.
Nondescript	Not hitherto described; novel; hence, odd; abnormal; unclassifiable.
Nondescript	A thing not yet described; that of which no account or explanation has been given; something abnormal, or hardly classifiable.
Nondevelopment	Failure or lack of development.
Nondiscovery	Want or failure of discovery.
Nondo	A coarse umbelliferous plant (Ligusticum actaeifolium) with a large aromatic root. It is found chiefly in the Alleghany region. Also called Angelico.
None	No one; not one; not anything; -- frequently used also partitively, or as a plural, not any.
None	No; not any; -- used adjectively before a vowel, in old style; as, thou shalt have none assurance of thy life.
None	Same as Nones, 2.
Noneffective	Not effective.
Noneffective	Not fit or available for duty.
Non-ego	The union of being and relation as distinguished from, and contrasted with, the ego. See Ego.
Nonelastic	Not having elasticity.
Nonelect	A person or persons not elected, or chosen, to salvation.
Nonelection	Failure of election.
Nonelectric	Alt. of Nonelectrical
Nonelectrical	Not electric; conducting electricity.
Nonelectric	A substance that is not an electric; that which transmits electricity, as a metal.
Nonemphatic	Alt. of Nonemphatical
Nonemphatical	Having no emphasis; unemphatic.
Nonentities	of Nonentity
Nonentity	Nonexistence; the negation of being.
Nonentity	A thing not existing.
Nonentity	A person or thing of little or no account.
Non-Episcopal	Not Episcopal; not pertaining to the Episcopal church or system.
Nones	The fifth day of the months January, February, April, June, August, September, November, and December, and the seventh day of March, May, July, and October.  The nones were nine days before the ides, reckoning inclusively, according to the Roman method.
Nones	The canonical office, being a part of the Breviary, recited at noon (formerly at the ninth hour, 3 P. M.) in the Roman Catholic Church.
Nones	The hour of dinner; the noonday meal.
Nonessential	Not essential.
Nonessential	A thing not essential.
Non est factum	The plea of the general issue in an action of debt on bond.
Non est inventus	The return of a sheriff on a writ, when the defendant is not found in his county.
Nonesuch	A person or thing of a sort that there is no other such; something extraordinary; a thing that has not its equal. It is given as a name to various objects, as to a choice variety of apple, a species of medic (Medicago lupulina), a variety of pottery clay, etc.
Nonet	Alt. of Nonetto
Nonetto	A composition for nine instruments, rarely for nine voices.
Nonett	The titmouse.
Nonexecution	Neglect or failure of execution; nonperformance.
Nonexistence	Absence of existence; the negation of being; nonentity.
Nonexistence	A thing that has no existence.
Nonexistent	Not having existence.
Nonexportation	A failure of exportation; a not exporting of commodities.
Nonextensile	Not extensile; incapable of being stretched.
Non-feasance	An omission or neglect to do something, esp. that which ought to have been done.  Cf. Malfeasance.
Nonfulfillment	Neglect or failure to fulfill.
Nonillion	According to the French and American notation, a thousand octillions, or a unit with thirty ciphers annexed; according to the English notation, a million octillions, or a unit with fifty-four ciphers annexed. See the Note under Numeration.
Nonimportation	Want or failure of importation; a not importing of commodities.
Nonimporting	Not importing; not bringing from foreign countries.
Noninflectional	Not admitting of, or characterized by, inflection.
Noninhabitant	One who is not an inhabitant; a stranger; a foreigner; a nonresident.
Nonintervention	The state or habit of not intervening or interfering; as, the nonintervention of one state in the affairs of another.
Nonius	A vernier.
Nonjoinder	The omission of some person who ought to have been made a plaintiff or defendant in a suit, or of some cause of action which ought to be joined.
Nonjurant	Nonjuring.
Nonjuring	Not swearing allegiance; -- applied to the party in Great Britain that would not swear allegiance to William and Mary, or their successors.
Nonjuror	One of those adherents of James II. who refused to take the oath of allegiance to William and Mary, or to their successors, after the revolution of 1688; a Jacobite.
Nonjurorism	The doctrines, or action, of the Nonjurors.
Nonlimitation	Want of limitation; failure to limit.
Non liquet	It is not clear; -- a verdict given by a jury when a matter is to be deferred to another day of trial.
Nonmalignant	Not malignant, as a disease.
Nonmanufacturing	Not carrying on manufactures.
Nonmedullated	Not medullated; (Anat.) without a medulla or marrow, or without a medullary sheath; as, a nonmedullated nerve fiber.
Nonmember	One who is not a member.
Nonmembership	State of not being a member.
Nonmetal	Any one of the set of elements which, as contrasted with the metals, possess, produce, or receive, acid rather than basic properties; a metalloid; as, oxygen, sulphur, and chlorine are nonmetals.
Nonmetallic	Not metallic.
Nonmetallic	Resembling, or possessing the properties of, a nonmetal or metalloid; as, sulphur is a nonmetallic element.
Nonnatural	Not natural; unnatural.
Nonne	A nun.
Nonnecessity	Absence of necessity; the quality or state of being unnecessary.
Nonnitrognous	Devoid of nitrogen; as, a nonnitrogenous principle; a nonnitrogenous food.  See the Note under Food, n., 1.
Nonnucleated	Without a nucleus.
Nonny	A silly fellow; a ninny.
Nonobedience	Neglect of obedience; failure to obey.
Nonobservance	Neglect or failure to observe or fulfill.
Non obstante	Notwithstanding; in opposition to, or in spite of, what has been stated, or is to be stated or admitted.
Non obstante	A clause in old English statutes and letters patent, importing a license from the crown to do a thing notwithstanding any statute to the contrary. This dispensing power was abolished by the Bill of Rights.
Nonoic	Pertaining to, derived from, or resembling, nonane; as, nonoic acid, which is also called pelargonic acid.  Cf. Pelargonic.
Nonone	Any one of several metameric unsaturated hydrocarbons (C9H14) of the valylene series.
Nonoxygenous	Without oxygen; characterized by the absence of oxygen; as, a nonoxygenous alkaloid.
Nonpareil	Something of unequaled excellence; a peerless thing or person; a nonesuch; -- often used as a name.
Nonpareil	A size of type next smaller than minion and next larger than agate (or ruby).
Nonpareil	A beautifully colored finch (Passerina ciris), native of the Southern United States. The male has the head and neck deep blue, rump and under parts bright red, back and wings golden green, and the tail bluish purple. Called also painted finch.
Nonpareil	Any other similar bird of the same genus.
Nonpareil	Having no equal; peerless.
Nonpayment	Neglect or failure to pay.
Nonperformance	Neglect or failure to perform.
Nonphotobiotic	Capable of living without light; as, nonphotobiotic plant cells, or cells which habitually live in darkness.
Nonplane	Not lying in one plane; -- said of certain curves.
Nonplus	A state or condition which daffles reason or confounds judgment; insuperable difficalty; inability to proceed or decide; puzzle; quandary.
Nonplused	of Nonplus
Nonplussed	of Nonplus
Nonplusing	of Nonplus
Nonplussing	of Nonplus
Nonplus	To puzzle; to confound; to perplex; to cause to stop by embarrassment.
Nonpreparation	Neglect or failure to prepare; want of preparation.
Nonpresentation	Neglect or failure to present; state of not being presented.
Nonproduction	A failure to produce or exhibit.
Nonprofessional	Not belonging to a profession; not done by, or proceeding from, professional men; contrary to professional usage.
Nonproficiency	Want of proficiency; failure to make progress.
Nonproficient	One who has failed to become proficient.
Non pros.	 An abbreviation of Non prosequitur.
Nonprossed	of Non-pros
Non-prossing	of Non-pros
Non-pros	To decline or fail to prosecute; to allow to be dropped (said of a suit); to enter judgment against (a plaintiff who fails to prosecute); as, the plaintiff was non-prossed.
Non prosequitur	A judgment entered against the plaintiff in a suit where he does not appear to prosecute. See Nolle prosequi.
Nonrecurrent	Not recurring.
Nonrecurring	Nonrecurrent.
Nonregardance	Want of due regard; disregard; slight.
Nonregent	A master of arts whose regency has ceased. See Regent.
Nonrendition	Neglect of rendition; the not rendering what is due.
Nonresemblance	Want of resemblance; unlikeness; dissimilarity.
Nonresidence	The state or condition of being nonresident,
Nonresident	Not residing in a particular place, on one's own estate, or in one's proper place; as, a nonresident clergyman or proprietor of lands.
Nonresident	A nonresident person; one who does not reside in the State or jurisdiction.
Nonresistance	The principles or practice of a nonresistant; passive obedience; submission to authority, power, oppression, or violence without opposition.
Nonresistant	Making no resistance.
Nonresistant	One who maintains that no resistance should be made to constituted authority, even when unjustly or oppressively exercised; one who advocates or practices absolute submission; also, one who holds that violence should never be resisted by force.
Nonresisting	Not making resistance.
Nonruminant	Not ruminating; as, a nonruminant animal.
Nonsane	Unsound; not perfect; as, a person of nonsane memory.
Nonsense	That which is not sense, or has no sense; words, or language, which have no meaning, or which convey no intelligible ideas; absurdity.
Nonsense	Trifles; things of no importance.
Nonsensical	Without sense; unmeaning; absurb; foolish; irrational; preposterous.
Nonsensitive	Not sensitive; wanting sense or perception; not easily affected.
Non sequitur	An inference which does not follow from the premises.
Nonsexual	Having no distinction of sex; sexless; neuter.
Nonslaveholding	Not possessing or holding slaves; as, a nonslaveholding State.
Nonsolution	Failure of solution or explanation.
Nonsolvency	Inability to pay debts; insolvency.
Nonsolvent	Not solvent; insolvent.
Nonsolvent	An insolvent.
Nonsonant	Not sonant.
Nonsonant	A nonsonant or nonvocal consonant.
Nonsparing	Sparing none.
Nonstriated	Without striations; unstriped; as, nonstriated muscle fibers.
Nonsubmission	Want of submission; failure or refusal to submit.
Nonsubmissive	Not submissive.
Nonsuch	See Nonesuch.
Nonsuit	A neglect or failure by the plaintiff to follow up his suit; a stopping of the suit; a renunciation or withdrawal of the cause by the plaintiff, either because he is satisfied that he can not support it, or upon the judge's expressing his opinion. A compulsory nonsuit is a nonsuit ordered by the court on the ground that the plaintiff on his own showing has not made out his case.
Nonsuited	of Nonsuit
Nonsuiting	of Nonsuit
Nonsuit	To determine, adjudge, or record (a plaintiff) as having dropped his suit, upon his withdrawal or failure to follow it up.
Nonsuit	Nonsuited.
Nonsurety	Insecurity.
Nontenure	A plea of a defendant that he did not hold the land, as affirmed.
Nonterm	A vacation between two terms of a court.
Nontoxic	Not toxic.
Nontronite	A greenish yellow or green mineral, consisting chiefly of the hydrous silicate of iron.
Nonuniformist	One who believes that past changes in the structure of the earth have proceeded from cataclysms or causes more violent than are now operating; -- called also nonuniformitarian.
Nonunionist	One who does not belong, or refuses to belong, to a trades union.
Nonusance	Neglect of using; failure to use.
Nonuser	A not using; failure to use.
Nonuser	Neglect or omission to use an easement or franchise or to assert a right.
Nonvascular	Destitute of vessels; extravascular.
Nonvernacular	Not vernacular.
Nonvocal	Not vocal; destitute of tone.
Nonvocal	A nonvocal consonant.
Nonyl	The hydrocarbon radical, C9H19, derived from nonane and forming many compounds. Used also adjectively; as, nonyl alcohol.
Nonylene	Any one of a series of metameric, unsaturated hydrocarbons C9H18 of the ethylene series.
Nonylenic	Of, pertaining to, related to, or designating, nonylene or its compounds; as, nonylenic acid.
Nonylic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, nonyl or its compounds; as, nonylic acid.
Noodle	A simpleton; a blockhead; a stupid person; a ninny.
Noodle	A thin strip of dough, made with eggs, rolled up, cut into small pieces, and used in soup.
Nook	A narrow place formed by an angle in bodies or between bodies; a corner; a recess; a secluded retreat.
Nook-shotten	Full of nooks, angles, or corners.
Noological	Of or pertaining to noology.
Noologist	One versed in noology.
Noology	The science of intellectual phenomena.
Noon	No. See the Note under No.
Noon	The middle of the day; midday; the time when the sun is in the meridian; twelve o'clock in the daytime.
Noon	Hence, the highest point; culmination.
Noon	Belonging to midday; occurring at midday; meridional.
Noon	To take rest and refreshment at noon.
Noonday	Midday; twelve o'clock in the day; noon.
Noonday	Of or pertaining to midday; meridional; as, the noonday heat.
Noon-flower	The goat's beard, whose flowers close at midday.
Nooning	A rest at noon; a repast at noon.
Noonshun	See Nunchion.
Noonstead	The position of the sun at noon.
Noontide	The time of noon; midday.
Noose	A running knot, or loop, which binds the closer the more it is drawn.
Noosed	of Noose
Noosing	of Noose
Noose	To tie in a noose; to catch in a noose; to entrap; to insnare.
Noot	See lst Not.
Nopal	A cactaceous plant (Nopalea cochinellifera), originally Mexican, on which the cochineal insect feeds, and from which it is collected. The name is sometimes given to other species of Cactaceae.
Nopalries	of Nopalry
Nopalry	A plantation of the nopal for raising the cochineal insect.
Nope	A bullfinch.
Nor	A negative connective or particle, introducing the second member or clause of a negative proposition, following neither, or not, in the first member or clause (as or in affirmative propositions follows either). Nor is also used sometimes in the first member for neither, and sometimes the neither is omitted and implied by the use of nor.
Norbertine	See Premonstrant.
Noria	A large water wheel, turned by the action of a stream against its floats, and carrying at its circumference buckets, by which water is raised and discharged into a trough; used in Arabia, China, and elsewhere for irrigating land; a Persian wheel.
Norian	Pertaining to the upper portion of the Laurentian rocks.
Norice	Nurse.
Norie	The cormorant.
Norimons	of Norimon
Norimon	A Japanese covered litter, carried by men.
Norite	A granular crystalline rock consisting essentially of a triclinic feldspar (as labradorite) and hypersthene.
Norium	A supposed metal alleged to have been discovered in zircon.
Norm	A rule or authoritative standard; a model; a type.
Norm	A typical, structural unit; a type.
Norma	A norm; a principle or rule; a model; a standard.
Norma	A mason's or a carpenter's square or rule.
Norma	A templet or gauge.
Normal	According to an established norm, rule, or principle; conformed to a type, standard, or regular form; performing the proper functions; not abnormal; regular; natural; analogical.
Normal	According to a square or rule; perpendicular; forming a right angle. Specifically: Of or pertaining to a normal.
Normal	Standard; original; exact; typical.
Normal	Denoting a solution of such strength that every cubic centimeter contains the same number of milligrams of the element in question as the number of its molecular weight.
Normal	Denoting certain hypothetical compounds, as acids from which the real acids are obtained by dehydration; thus, normal sulphuric acid and normal nitric acid are respectively S(OH)6, and N(OH)5.
Normal	Denoting that series of hydrocarbons in which no carbon atom is united with more than two other carbon atoms; as, normal pentane, hexane, etc. Cf. Iso-.
Normal	Any perpendicular.
Normal	A straight line or plane drawn from any point of a curve or surface so as to be perpendicular to the curve or surface at that point.
Normalcy	The quality, state, or fact of being normal; as, the point of normalcy.
Normalization	Reduction to a standard or normal state.
Normally	In a normal manner.
Norman	A wooden bar, or iron pin.
Norman	Of or pertaining to Normandy or to the Normans; as, the Norman language; the Norman conquest.
Norman	A native or inhabitant of Normandy; originally, one of the Northmen or Scandinavians who conquered Normandy in the 10th century; afterwards, one of the mixed (Norman-French) race which conquered England, under William the Conqueror.
Normanism	A Norman idiom; a custom or expression peculiar to the Normans.
Norn	Alt. of Norna
Norna	One of the three Fates, Past, Present, and Future. Their names were Urd, Verdandi, and Skuld.
Norna	A tutelary deity; a genius.
Noropianic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid of the aromatic series obtained from opianic acid.
Norroy	The most northern of the English Kings-at-arms. See King-at-arms, under King.
Norse	Of or pertaining to ancient Scandinavia, or to the language spoken by its inhabitants.
Norse	The Norse language.
Norsemen	of Norseman
Norseman	One of the ancient Scandinavians; a Northman.
Nortelry	Nurture; education; culture; bringing up.
North	That one of the four cardinal points of the compass, at any place, which lies in the direction of the true meridian, and to the left hand of a person facing the east; the direction opposite to the south.
North	Any country or region situated farther to the north than another; the northern section of a country.
North	Specifically: That part of the United States lying north of Mason and Dixon's line. See under Line.
North	Lying toward the north; situated at the north, or in a northern direction from the point of observation or reckoning; proceeding toward the north, or coming from the north.
North	To turn or move toward the north; to veer from the east or west toward the north.
North	Northward.
Northeast	The point between the north and east, at an equal distance from each; the northeast part or region.
Northeast	Of or pertaining to the northeast; proceeding toward the northeast, or coming from that point; as, a northeast course; a northeast wind.
Northeast	Toward the northeast.
Northeaster	A storm, strong wind, or gale, coming from the northeast.
Northeasterly	Pertaining to the northeast; toward the northeast, or coming from the northeast.
Northeasterly	Toward the northeast.
Northeastern	Of or pertaining to the northeast; northeasterly.
Northeastward	Alt. of Northeastwardly
Northeastwardly	Toward the northeast.
Norther	A wind from the north; esp., a strong and cold north wind in Texas and the vicinity of the Gulf of Mexico.
Northerliness	The quality or state of being northerly; direction toward the north.
Northerly	Of or pertaining to the north; toward the north, or from the north; northern.
Northerly	Toward the north.
Northern	Of or pertaining to the north; being in the north, or nearer to that point than to the east or west.
Northern	In a direction toward the north; as, to steer a northern course; coming from the north; as, a northern wind.
Northerner	One born or living in the north.
Northerner	A native or inhabitant of the Northern States; -- contradistinguished from Southerner.
Northernly	Northerly.
Northernmost	Farthest north.
Northing	Distance northward from any point of departure or of reckoning, measured on a meridian; -- opposed to southing.
Northing	The distance of any heavenly body from the equator northward; north declination.
Northmen	of Northman
Northman	One of the inhabitants of the north of Europe; esp., one of the ancient Scandinavians; a Norseman.
Northmost	Lying farthest north; northernmost.
Northness	A tendency in the end of a magnetic needle to point to the north.
Northumbrian	Of or pertaining to Northumberland in England.
Northumbrian	A native or inhabitant of Northumberland.
Northward	Toward the north; nearer to the north than to the east or west point.
Northward	Alt. of Northwards
Northwards	Toward the north, or toward a point nearer to the north than to the east or west point.
Northwardly	Having a northern direction.
Northwardly	In a northern direction.
Northwest	The point in the horizon between the north and west, and equally distant from each; the northwest part or region.
Northwest	Pertaining to, or in the direction of, the point between the north and west; being in the northwest; toward the northwest, or coming from the northwest; as, the northwest coast.
Northwest	Coming from the northwest; as, a northwest wind.
Northwest	Toward the northwest.
Northwester	A storm or gale from the northwest; a strong northwest wind.
Northwesterly	Toward the northwest, or from the northwest.
Northwestern	Of, pertaining to, or being in, the northwest; in a direction toward the northwest; coming from the northwest; northwesterly; as, a northwestern course.
Northwestward	Alt. of Northwestwardly
Northwestwardly	Toward the northwest.
Norwegian	Of or pertaining to Norway, its inhabitants, or its language.
Norwegian	A native of Norway.
Norwegian	That branch of the Scandinavian language spoken in Norway.
Norwegium	A rare metallic element, of doubtful identification, said to occur in the copper-nickel of Norway.
Norweyan	Norwegian.
Nose	The prominent part of the face or anterior extremity of the head containing the nostrils and olfactory cavities; the olfactory organ. See Nostril, and Olfactory organ under Olfactory.
Nose	The power of smelling; hence, scent.
Nose	A projecting end or beak at the front of an object; a snout; a nozzle; a spout; as, the nose of a bellows; the nose of a teakettle.
Nosed	of Nose
Nosing	of Nose
Nose	To smell; to scent; hence, to track, or trace out.
Nose	To touch with the nose; to push the nose into or against; hence, to interfere with; to treat insolently.
Nose	To utter in a nasal manner; to pronounce with a nasal twang; as, to nose a prayer.
Nose	To smell; to sniff; to scent.
Nose	To pry officiously into what does not concern one.
Nosebag	A bag in which feed for a horse, ox, or the like, may be fastened under the nose by a string passing over the head.
Noseband	That part of the headstall of a bridle which passes over a horse's nose.
Nosebleed	A bleeding at the nose.
Nosebleed	The yarrow. See Yarrow.
Nosed	Having a nose, or such a nose; -- chieflay used in composition; as, pug-nosed.
Nosegay	A bunch of odorous and showy flowers; a bouquet; a posy.
Nosel	To nurse; to lead or teach; to foster; to nuzzle.
Noseless	Destitute of a nose.
Nosesmart	A kind of cress, a pungent cruciferous plant, including several species of the genus Nasturtium.
Nosethirl	Alt. of Nosethril
Nosethril	Nostril.
Nosing	That part of the treadboard of a stair which projects over the riser; hence, any like projection, as the projecting edge of a molding.
Nosle	Nozzle.
Nosocomial	Of or pertaining to a hospital; as, nosocomial atmosphere.
Nosography	A description or classification of diseases.
Nosological	Of or pertaining to nosology.
Nosologist	One versed in nosology.
Nosology	A systematic arrangement, or classification, of diseases.
Nosology	That branch of medical science which treats of diseases, or of the classification of diseases.
Nosopoetic	Producing diseases.
Nost	Wottest not; knowest not.
Nostalgia	Homesickness; esp., a severe and sometimes fatal form of melancholia, due to homesickness.
Nostalgic	Of or pertaining to nostalgia; affected with nostalgia.
Nostalgy	Same as Nostalgia.
Nostoc	A genus of algae. The plants are composed of moniliform cells imbedded in a gelatinous substance.
Nostril	One of the external openings of the nose, which give passage to the air breathed and to secretions from the nose and eyes; one of the anterior nares.
Nostril	Perception; insight; acuteness.
Nostrums	of Nostrum
Nostrum	A medicine, the ingredients of which are kept secret for the purpose of restricting the profits of sale to the inventor or proprietor; a quack medicine.
Nostrum	Any scheme or device proposed by a quack.
Not	Wot not; know not; knows not.
Not	Shorn; shaven.
Not	A word used to express negation, prohibition, denial, or refusal.
Notabilia	Things worthy of notice.
Notabilities	of Notability
Notability	Quality of being notable.
Notability	A notable, or remarkable, person or thing; a person of note.
Notability	A notable saying.
Notable	Capable of being noted; noticeable; plan; evident.
Notable	Worthy of notice; remarkable; memorable; noted or distinguished; as, a notable event, person.
Notable	Well-known; notorious.
Notable	A person, or thing, of distinction.
Notable	One of a number of persons, before the revolution of 1789, chiefly of the higher orders, appointed by the king to constitute a representative body.
Notableness	The quality of being notable.
Notably	In a notable manner.
Notaeum	The back or upper surface, as of a bird.
Notal	Of or pertaining to the back; dorsal.
Notanda	of Notandum
Notandum	A thing to be noted or observed; a notable fact; -- chiefly used in the plural.
Notarial	Of or pertaining to a notary; done or taken by a notary; as, a notarial seal; notarial evidence or attestation.
Notarially	In a notarial manner.
Notaries	of Notary
Notary	One who records in shorthand what is said or done; as, the notary of an ecclesiastical body.
Notary	A public officer who attests or certifies deeds and other writings, or copies of them, usually under his official seal, to make them authentic, especially in foreign countries. His duties chiefly relate to instruments used in commercial transactions, such as protests of negotiable paper, ship's papers in cases of loss, damage, etc. He is generally called a notary public.
Notate	Marked with spots or lines, which are often colored.
Notation	The act or practice of recording anything by marks, figures, or characters.
Notation	Any particular system of characters, symbols, or abbreviated expressions used in art or science, to express briefly technical facts, quantities, etc. Esp., the system of figures, letters, and signs used in arithmetic and algebra to express number, quantity, or operations.
Notation	Literal or etymological signification.
Notch	A hollow cut in anything; a nick; an indentation.
Notch	A narrow passage between two elevation; a deep, close pass; a defile; as, the notch of a mountain.
Notched	of Notch
Notching	of Notch
Notch	To cut or make notches in ; to indent; also, to score by notches; as, to notch a stick.
Notch	To fit the notch of (an arrow) to the string.
Notchboard	The board which receives the ends of the steps in a staircase.
Notching	The act of making notches; the act of cutting into small hollows.
Notching	The small hollow, or hollows, cut; a notch or notches.
Notching	A method of joining timbers, scantling, etc., by notching them, as at the ends, and overlapping or interlocking the notched portions.
Notching	A method of excavating, as in a bank, by a series of cuttings side by side. See also Gulleting.
Notchweed	A foul-smelling weed, the stinking goosefoot (Chenopodium Vulvaria).
Note	To butt; to push with the horns.
Note	Know not; knows not.
Note	Nut.
Note	Need; needful business.
Note	A mark or token by which a thing may be known; a visible sign; a character; a distinctive mark or feature; a characteristic quality.
Note	A mark, or sign, made to call attention, to point out something to notice, or the like; a sign, or token, proving or giving evidence.
Note	A brief remark; a marginal comment or explanation; hence, an annotation on a text or author; a comment; a critical, explanatory, or illustrative observation.
Note	A brief writing intended to assist the memory; a memorandum; a minute.
Note	Hence, a writing intended to be used in speaking; memoranda to assist a speaker, being either a synopsis, or the full text of what is to be said; as, to preach from notes; also, a reporter's memoranda; the original report of a speech or of proceedings.
Note	A short informal letter; a billet.
Note	A diplomatic missive or written communication.
Note	A written or printed paper acknowledging a debt, and promising payment; as, a promissory note; a note of hand; a negotiable note.
Note	A list of items or of charges; an account.
Note	A character, variously formed, to indicate the length of a tone, and variously placed upon the staff to indicate its pitch. Hence:
Note	A musical sound; a tone; an utterance; a tune.
Note	A key of the piano or organ.
Note	Observation; notice; heed.
Note	Notification; information; intelligence.
Note	State of being under observation.
Note	Reputation; distinction; as, a poet of note.
Note	Stigma; brand; reproach.
Noted	of Note
Noting	of Note
Note	To notice with care; to observe; to remark; to heed; to attend to.
Note	To record in writing; to make a memorandum of.
Note	To charge, as with crime (with of or for before the thing charged); to brand.
Note	To denote; to designate.
Note	To annotate.
Note	To set down in musical characters.
Notebook	A book in which notes or memorandums are written.
Notebook	A book in which notes of hand are registered.
Noted	Well known by reputation or report; eminent; celebrated; as, a noted author, or traveler.
Noteful	Useful.
Noteless	Not attracting notice; not conspicuous.
Notelessness	A state of being noteless.
Notelet	A little or short note; a billet.
Note paper	Writing paper, not exceeding in size, when folded once, five by eight inches.
Noter	One who takes notice.
Noter	An annotator.
Noteworthy	Worthy of observation or notice; remarkable.
Nother	Neither; nor.
Nothing	Not anything; no thing (in the widest sense of the word thing); -- opposed to anything and something.
Nothing	Nonexistence; nonentity; absence of being; nihility; nothingness.
Nothing	A thing of no account, value, or note; something irrelevant and impertinent; something of comparative unimportance; utter insignificance; a trifle.
Nothing	A cipher; naught.
Nothing	In no degree; not at all; in no wise.
Nothingarian	One of no certain belief; one belonging to no particular sect.
Nothingism	Nihility; nothingness.
Nothingness	Nihility; nonexistence.
Nothingness	The state of being of no value; a thing of no value.
Notice	The act of noting, remarking, or observing; observation by the senses or intellect; cognizance; note.
Notice	Intelligence, by whatever means communicated; knowledge given or received; means of knowledge; express notification; announcement; warning.
Notice	An announcement, often accompanied by comments or remarks; as, book notices; theatrical notices.
Notice	A writing communicating information or warning.
Notice	Attention; respectful treatment; civility.
Noticed	of Notice
Noticing	of Notice
Notice	To observe; to see to mark; to take note of; to heed; to pay attention to.
Notice	To show that one has observed; to take public note of; remark upon; to make comments on; to refer to; as, to notice a book.
Notice	To treat with attention and civility; as, to notice strangers.
Noticeable	Capable of being observed; worthy of notice; likely to attract observation; conspicous.
Noticeably	In a noticeable manner.
Noticer	One who notices.
Notidanian	Any one of several species of sharks of the family Notidanidae, or Hexanchidae. Called also cow sharks. See Shark.
Notification	The act of notifying, or giving notice; the act of making known; especially, the act of giving official notice or information to the public or to individuals, corporations, companies, or societies, by words, by writing, or by other means.
Notification	Notice given in words or writing, or by signs.
Notification	The writing which communicates information; an advertisement, or citation, etc.
Notified	of Notify
Notifying	of Notify
Notify	To make known; to declare; to publish; as, to notify a fact to a person.
Notify	To give notice to; to inform by notice; to apprise; as, the constable has notified the citizens to meet at the city hall; the bell notifies us of the time of meeting.
Notion	Mental apprehension of whatever may be known or imagined; an idea; a conception; more properly, a general or universal conception, as distinguishable or definable by marks or notae.
Notion	A sentiment; an opinion.
Notion	Sense; mind.
Notion	An invention; an ingenious device; a knickknack; as, Yankee notions.
Notion	Inclination; intention; disposition; as, I have a notion to do it.
Notional	Consisting of, or conveying, notions or ideas; expressing abstract conceptions.
Notional	Existing in idea only; visionary; whimsical.
Notional	Given to foolish or visionary expectations; whimsical; fanciful; as, a notional man.
Notionality	A notional or groundless opinion.
Notionally	In mental apprehension; in conception; not in reality.
Notionate	Notional.
Notionist	One whose opinions are ungrounded notions.
Notist	An annotator.
Notobranchiata	A division of nudibranchiate mollusks having gills upon the back.
Notobranchiata	The Dorsibranchiata.
Notobranchiate	Of or pertaining to the Notobranchiata.
Notochord	An elastic cartilagelike rod which is developed beneath the medullary groove in the vertebrate embryo, and constitutes the primitive axial skeleton around which the centra of the vertebrae and the posterior part of the base of the skull are developed; the chorda dorsalis. See Illust. of Ectoderm.
Notochordal	Of or pertaining to the notochord; having a notochord.
Notodontian	Any one of several species of bombycid moths belonging to Notodonta, Nerice, and allied genera. The caterpillar of these moths has a hump, or spine, on its back.
Notopodia	of Notopodium
E	of Notopodium
Notopodiums	of Notopodium
Notopodium	The dorsal lobe or branch of a parapodium. See Parapodium.
Notorhizal	Having the radicle of the embryo lying against the back of one of the cotyledons; incumbent.
Notoriety	The quality or condition of being notorious; the state of being generally or publicly known; -- commonly used in an unfavorable sense; as, the notoriety of a crime.
Notorious	Generally known and talked of by the public; universally believed to be true; manifest to the world; evident; -- usually in an unfavorable sense; as, a notorious thief; a notorious crime or vice.
Notornis	A genus of birds allied to the gallinules, but having rudimentary wings and incapable of flight. Notornis Mantelli was first known as a fossil bird of New Zealand, but subsequently a few individuals were found living on the southern island. It is supposed to be now nearly or quite extinct.
Nototherium	An extinct genus of gigantic herbivorous marsupials, found in the Pliocene formation of Australia.
Nototrema	The pouched, or marsupial, frog of South America.
Not-pated	Alt. of Nott-pated
Nott-pated	Same as Nott-headed.
Notself	The negative of self.
Nott	Shorn.
Nott	To shear.
Nott-headed	Having the hair cut close.
Notturno	Same as Nocturne.
Nota	of Notum
Notum	The back.
Notus	The south wind.
Notwheat	Wheat not bearded.
Notwithstanding	Without prevention, or obstruction from or by; in spite of.
Notwithstanding	Nevertheless; however; although; as, I shall go, notwithstanding it rains.
Nouch	An ouch; a jewel.
Nougat	A cake, sweetmeat, or confection made with almonds or other nuts.
Nought	See Naught.
Nould	Would not.
Noule	The top of the head; the head or noll.
Noumenal	Of or pertaining to the noumenon; real; -- opposed to phenomenal.
Noumenon	The of itself unknown and unknowable rational object, or thing in itself, which is distinguished from the phenomenon through which it is apprehended by the senses, and by which it is interpreted and understood; -- so used in the philosophy of Kant and his followers.
Noun	A word used as the designation or appellation of a creature or thing, existing in fact or in thought; a substantive.
Nounal	Of or pertaining to a noun.
Nounize	To change (an adjective, verb, etc.) into a noun.
Nourice	A nurse.
Nourished	of Nourish
Nourishing	of Nourish
Nourish	To feed and cause to grow; to supply with matter which increases bulk or supplies waste, and promotes health; to furnish with nutriment.
Nourish	To support; to maintain.
Nourish	To supply the means of support and increase to; to encourage; to foster; as, to nourish rebellion; to nourish the virtues.
Nourish	To cherish; to comfort.
Nourish	To educate; to instruct; to bring up; to nurture; to promote the growth of in attainments.
Nourish	To promote growth; to furnish nutriment.
Nourish	To gain nourishment.
Nourish	A nurse.
Nourishable	Capable of being nourished; as, the nourishable parts of the body.
Nourishable	Capable of giving nourishment.
Nourisher	One who, or that which, nourishes.
Nourishing	Promoting growth; nutritious,
Nourishingly	Nutritively; cherishingly.
Nourishment	The act of nourishing, or the state of being nourished; nutrition.
Nourishment	That which serves to nourish; nutriment; food.
Nouriture	Nurture.
Noursle	To nurse; to rear; to bring up.
Nous	Intellect; understanding; talent; -- used humorously.
Nousel	Alt. of Nousle
Nousle	To insnare; to entrap.
Nouthe	Alt. of Nowthe
Nowthe	Just now; at present.
Novaculite	A variety of siliceous slate, of which hones are made; razor stone; Turkey stone; hone stone; whet slate.
Novatian	One of the sect of Novatius, or Novatianus, who held that the lapsed might not be received again into communion with the church, and that second marriages are unlawful.
Novatianism	The doctrines or principles of the Novatians.
Novation	Innovation.
Novation	A substitution of a new debt for an old one; also, the remodeling of an old obligation.
Novator	An innovator.
Novel	Of recent origin or introduction; not ancient; new; hence, out of the ordinary course; unusual; strange; surprising.
Novel	That which is new or unusual; a novelty.
Novel	News; fresh tidings.
Novel	A fictitious tale or narrative, professing to be conformed to real life; esp., one intended to exhibit the operation of the passions, and particularly of love.
Novel	A new or supplemental constitution. See the Note under Novel, a.
Novelette	A short novel.
Novelism	Innovation.
Novelist	An innovator; an asserter of novelty.
Novelist	A writer of news.
Novelist	A writer of a novel or novels.
Novelize	To innovate.
Novelized	of Novelize
Novelizing	of Novelize
Novelize	To innovate.
Novelize	To put into the form of novels; to represent by fiction.
Novelry	Novelty; new things.
Novelties	of Novelty
Novelty	The quality or state of being novel; newness; freshness; recentness of origin or introduction.
Novelty	Something novel; a new or strange thing.
November	The eleventh month of the year, containing thirty days.
Novenary	Of or pertaining to the number nine.
Novenary	The number of nine units; nine, collectively.
Novene	Relating to, or dependent on, the number nine; novenary.
Novennial	Done or recurring every ninth year.
Novercal	Done or recurring every ninth year.
Novercal	Of or pertaining to a stepmother; suitable to, or in the manner of, a stepmother.
Novice	One who is new in any business, profession, or calling; one unacquainted or unskilled; one yet in the rudiments; a beginner; a tyro.
Novice	One newly received into the church, or one newly converted to the Christian faith.
Novice	One who enters a religious house, whether of monks or nuns, as a probationist.
Novice	Like a novice; becoming a novice.
Noviceship	The state of being a novice; novitiate.
Novilunar	Of or pertaining to the new moon.
Novitiate	The state of being a novice; time of initiation or instruction in rudiments.
Novitiate	Hence: Time of probation in a religious house before taking the vows.
Novitiate	One who is going through a novitiate, or period of probation; a novice.
Novitiate	The place where novices live or are trained.
Novitious	Newly invented; recent; new.
Novity	Newness; novelty.
Novum	A game at dice, properly called novem quinque (L., nine five), the two principal throws being nine and five.
Now	At the present time; at this moment; at the time of speaking; instantly; as, I will write now.
Now	Very lately; not long ago.
Now	At a time contemporaneous with something spoken of or contemplated; at a particular time referred to.
Now	In present circumstances; things being as they are; -- hence, used as a connective particle, to introduce an inference or an explanation.
Now	Existing at the present time; present.
Now	The present time or moment; the present.
Nowadays	In these days; at the present time.
Noway	Alt. of Noways
Noways	In no manner or degree; not at all; nowise.
Nowch	See Nouch.
Nowd	The European gray gurnard (Trigla gurnardus).
Nowed	Knotted; tied in a knot, as a serpent.
Nowel	Christmas; also, a shout of joy at Christmas for the birth of the Savior.
Nowel	A kind of hymn, or canticle, of mediaeval origin, sung in honor of the Nativity of our Lord; a Christmas carol.
Nowel	The core, or the inner part, of a mold for casting a large hollow object.
Nowel	The bottom part of a mold or of a flask, in distinction from the cope; the drag.
Nowes	The marriage knot.
Nowhere	Not anywhere; not in any place or state; as, the book is nowhere to be found.
Nowhither	Not anywhither; in no direction; nowhere.
Nowise	Not in any manner or degree; in no way; noways.
Nowt	Neat cattle.
Nowthe	See Nouthe.
Noxious	Hurtful; harmful; baneful; pernicious; injurious; destructive; unwholesome; insalubrious; as, noxious air, food, or climate; pernicious; corrupting to morals; as, noxious practices or examples.
Noxious	Guilty; criminal.
Noy	To annoy; to vex.
Noy	That which annoys.
Noyance	Annoyance.
Noyau	A cordial of brandy, etc., flavored with the kernel of the bitter almond, or of the peach stone, etc.
Noyer	An annoyer.
Noyful	Full of annoyance.
Noyls	See Noils.
Noyous	Annoying; disagreeable.
Nozle	Nozzle.
Nozzle	The nose; the snout; hence, the projecting vent of anything; as, the nozzle of a bellows.
Nozzle	A short tube, usually tapering, forming the vent of a hose or pipe.
Nozzle	 A short outlet, or inlet, pipe projecting from the end or side of a hollow vessel, as a steam-engine cylinder or a steam boiler.
Nuance	A shade of difference; a delicate gradation.
Nub	To push; to nudge; also, to beckon.
Nub	A jag, or snag; a knob; a protuberance; also, the point or gist, as of a story.
Nubbin	A small or imperfect ear of maize.
Nubble	To beat or bruise with the fist.
Nubeculae	of Nubecula
Nubecula	A nebula.
Nubecula	Specifically, the Magellanic clouds.
Nubecula	A slight spot on the cornea.
Nubecula	A cloudy object or appearance in urine.
Nubia	A light fabric of wool, worn on the head by women; a cloud.
Nubian	Of or pertaining to Nubia in Eastern Africa.
Nubian	A native of Nubia.
Nubiferous	Bringing, or producing, clouds.
Nubigenous	Born of, or produced from, clouds.
Nubilate	To cloud.
Nubile	Of an age suitable for marriage; marriageable.
Nubility	The state of being marriageable.
Nubilose	Alt. of Nubilous
Nubilous	Cloudy.
Nucament	A catkin or ament; the flower cluster of the hazel, pine, willow, and the like.
Nucamentaceous	Like a nut either in structure or in being indehiscent; bearing one-seeded nutlike fruits.
Nucelli	of Nucellus
Nucellus	See Nucleus, 3 (a).
Nuch/	of Nucha
Nucha	The back or upper part of the neck; the nape.
Nuchal	Of, pertaining to, or in the region of, the back, or nape, of the neck; -- applied especially to the anterior median plate in the carapace of turtles.
Nuciferous	Bearing, or producing, nuts.
Nuciform	Shaped like a nut; nut-shaped.
Nucin	See Juglone.
Nucleal	Alt. of Nuclear
Nuclear	Of or pertaining to a nucleus; as, the nuclear spindle (see Illust. of Karyokinesis) or the nuclear fibrils of a cell; the nuclear part of a comet, etc.
Nucleate	Having a nucleus; nucleated.
Nucleate	To gather, as about a nucleus or center.
Nucleated	Having a nucleus; nucleate; as, nucleated cells.
Nucleiform	Formed like a nucleus or kernel.
Nuclein	A constituent of the nuclei of all cells. It is a colorless amorphous substance, readily soluble in alkaline fluids and especially characterized by its comparatively large content of phosphorus. It also contains nitrogen and sulphur.
Nucleobranch	Belonging to the Nucleobranchiata.
Nucleobranch	One of the Nucleobranchiata.
Nucleobranchiata	See Heteropoda.
Nucleoidioplasma	Hyaline plasma contained in the nucleus of vegetable cells.
Nucleolar	Of or pertaining to the nucleolus of a cell.
Nucleolated	Having a nucleole, or second inner nucleus.
Nucleole	The nucleus within a nucleus; nucleolus.
Nucleoli	of Nucleolus
Nucleolus	A little nucleus.
Nucleolus	A small rounded body contained in the nucleus of a cell or a protozoan.
Nucleoplasm	The matter composing the nucleus of a cell; the protoplasm of the nucleus; karyoplasma.
Nucleoplasmic	Of or pertaining to nucleoplasm; -- esp. applied to a body formed in the developing ovum from the plasma of the nucleus of the germinal vesicle.
Nucleuses	of Nucleus
Nuclei	of Nucleus
Nucleus	A kernel; hence, a central mass or point about which matter is gathered, or to which accretion is made; the central or material portion; -- used both literally and figuratively.
Nucleus	The body or the head of a comet.
Nucleus	An incipient ovule of soft cellular tissue.
Nucleus	A whole seed, as contained within the seed coats.
Nucleus	A body, usually spheroidal, in a cell or a protozoan, distinguished from the surrounding protoplasm by a difference in refrangibility and in behavior towards chemical reagents. It is more or less protoplasmic, and consists of a clear fluid (achromatin) through which extends a network of fibers (chromatin) in which may be suspended a second rounded body, the nucleolus (see Nucleoplasm). See Cell division, under Division.
Nucleus	The tip, or earliest part, of a univalve or bivalve shell.
Nucleus	The central part around which additional growths are added, as of an operculum.
Nucleus	A visceral mass, containing the stomach and other organs, in Tunicata and some mollusks.
Nucula	A genus of small marine bivalve shells, having a pearly interior.
Nucle	Same as Nutlet.
Nucumentaceous	See Nucamentaceous.
Nudation	The act of stripping, or making bare or naked.
Nuddle	To walk quickly with the head bent forward; -- often with along.
Nude	Bare; naked; unclothed; undraped; as, a nude statue.
Nude	Naked; without consideration; void; as, a nude contract. See Nudum pactum.
Nudge/	of Nudge
Nudging	of Nudge
Nudge	To touch gently, as with the elbow, in order to call attention or convey intimation.
Nudge	A gentle push, or jog, as with the elbow.
Nudibrachiate	Having tentacles without vibratile cilia.
Nudibranch	Of or pertaining to the Nudibranchiata.
Nudibranch	One of the Nudibranchiata.
Nudibranchiata	A division of opisthobranchiate mollusks, having no shell except while very young. The gills are naked and situated upon the back or sides. See Ceratobranchia.
Nudibranchiate	Same as Nudibranch.
Nudicaul	Having the stems leafless.
Nudification	The act of making nude.
Nudities	of Nudity
Nudity	The quality or state of being nude; nakedness.
Nudity	That which is nude or naked; naked part; undraped or unclothed portion; esp. (Fine Arts), the human figure represented unclothed; any representation of nakedness; -- chiefly used in the plural and in a bad sense.
Nudum pactum	A bare, naked contract, without any consideration.
Nugacity	Futility; trifling talk or behavior; drollery.
Nugae	Trifles; jests.
Nugation	The act or practice of trifling.
Nugatory	Trifling; vain; futile; insignificant.
Nugatory	Of no force; inoperative; ineffectual.
Nugget	A lump; a mass, esp. a native lump of a precious metal; as, a nugget of gold.
Nugify	To render trifling or futile; to make silly.
Nuisance	That which annoys or gives trouble and vexation; that which is offensive or noxious.
Nuisancer	One who makes or causes a nuisance.
Nul	No; not any; as, nul disseizin; nul tort.
Null	Of no legal or binding force or validity; of no efficacy; invalid; void; nugatory; useless.
Null	Something that has no force or meaning.
Null	That which has no value; a cipher; zero.
Null	To annul.
Null	One of the beads in nulled work.
Nulled	Turned so as to resemble nulls.
Nullibiety	The state or condition of being nowhere.
Nullification	The act of nullifying; a rendering void and of no effect, or of no legal effect.
Nullifidian	Of no faith; also, not trusting to faith for salvation; -- opposed to solifidian.
Nullifidian	An unbeliever.
Nullifier	One who nullifies or makes void; one who maintains the right to nullify a contract by one of the parties.
Nullified	of Nullify
Nullifying	of Nullify
Nullify	To make void; to render invalid; to deprive of legal force or efficacy.
Nullipore	A name for certain crustaceous marine algae which secrete carbonate of lime on their surface, and were formerly thought to be of animal nature. They are now considered corallines of the genera Melobesia and Lithothamnion.
Nullities	of Nullity
Nullity	The quality or state of being null; nothingness; want of efficacy or force.
Nullity	Nonexistence; as, a decree of nullity of marriage is a decree that no legal marriage exists.
Nullity	That which is null.
Numb	Enfeebled in, or destitute of, the power of sensation and motion; rendered torpid; benumbed; insensible; as, the fingers or limbs are numb with cold.
Numb	Producing numbness; benumbing; as, the numb, cold night.
Numbed	of Numb
Numbing	of Numb
Numb	To make numb; to deprive of the power of sensation or motion; to render senseless or inert; to deaden; to benumb; to stupefy.
Numbedness	Numbness.
Number	That which admits of being counted or reckoned; a unit, or an aggregate of units; a numerable aggregate or collection of individuals; an assemblage made up of distinct things expressible by figures.
Number	A collection of many individuals; a numerous assemblage; a multitude; many.
Number	A numeral; a word or character denoting a number; as, to put a number on a door.
Number	Numerousness; multitude.
Number	The state or quality of being numerable or countable.
Number	Quantity, regarded as made up of an aggregate of separate things.
Number	That which is regulated by count; poetic measure, as divisions of time or number of syllables; hence, poetry, verse; -- chiefly used in the plural.
Number	The distinction of objects, as one, or more than one (in some languages, as one, or two, or more than two), expressed (usually) by a difference in the form of a word; thus, the singular number and the plural number are the names of the forms of a word indicating the objects denoted or referred to by the word as one, or as more than one.
Number	The measure of the relation between quantities or things of the same kind; that abstract species of quantity which is capable of being expressed by figures; numerical value.
Numbered	of Number
Numbering	of Number
Number	To count; to reckon; to ascertain the units of; to enumerate.
Number	To reckon as one of a collection or multitude.
Number	To give or apply a number or numbers to; to assign the place of in a series by order of number; to designate the place of by a number or numeral; as, to number the houses in a street, or the apartments in a building.
Number	To amount; to equal in number; to contain; to consist of; as, the army numbers fifty thousand.
Numberer	One who numbers.
Numberful	Numerous.
Numberless	Innumerable; countless.
Numberous	Numerous.
Numbers	pl. of Number. The fourth book of the Pentateuch, containing the census of the Hebrews.
Numbfish	The torpedo, which numbs by the electric shocks which it gives.
Numbless	See Nombles.
Numbness	The condition of being numb; that state of a living body in which it loses, wholly or in part, the power of feeling or motion.
Numerable	Capable of being numbered or counted.
Numeral	Of or pertaining to number; consisting of number or numerals.
Numeral	Expressing number; representing number; as, numeral letters or characters, as X or 10 for ten.
Numeral	A figure or character used to express a number; as, the Arabic numerals, 1, 2, 3, etc.; the Roman numerals, I, V, X, L, etc.
Numeral	A word expressing a number.
Numerally	According to number; in number; numerically.
Numerary	Belonging to a certain number; counting as one of a collection or body.
Numerated	of Numerate
Numerating	of Numerate
Numerate	To divide off and read according to the rules of numeration; as, to numerate a row of figures.
Numeration	The act or art of numbering.
Numeration	The act or art of reading numbers when expressed by means of numerals. The term is almost exclusively applied to the art of reading numbers written in the scale of tens, by the Arabic method.
Numerative	Of or pertaining to numeration; as, a numerative system.
Numerator	One who numbers.
Numerator	The term in a fraction which indicates the number of fractional units that are taken.
Numeric	Alt. of Numerical
Numerical	Belonging to number; denoting number; consisting in numbers; expressed by numbers, and not letters; as, numerical characters; a numerical equation; a numerical statement.
Numerical	The same in number; hence, identically the same; identical; as, the same numerical body.
Numeric	Any number, proper or improper fraction, or incommensurable ratio. The term also includes any imaginary expression like m + n-1, where m and n are real numerics.
Numerically	In a numerical manner; in numbers; with respect to number, or sameness in number; as, a thing is numerically the same, or numerically different.
Numerist	One who deals in numbers.
Numero	Number; -- often abbrev. No.
Numerosity	The state of being numerous; numerousness.
Numerosity	Rhythm; harmony; flow.
Numerous	Consisting of a great number of units or individual objects; being many; as, a numerous army.
Numerous	Consisting of poetic numbers; rhythmical; measured and counted; melodious; musical.
Numidian	Of or pertaining to ancient Numidia in Northern Africa.
Numismatic	Alt. of Numismatical
Numismatical	Of or pertaining to coins; relating to the science of coins or medals.
Numismatics	The science of coins and medals.
Numismatist	One skilled in numismatics; a numismatologist.
Numismatography	A treatise on, or description of, coins and medals.
Numismatologist	One versed in numismatology.
Numismatology	The science which treats of coins and medals, in their relation to history; numismatics.
Nummary	Of or relating to coins or money.
Nummular	Alt. of Nummulary
Nummulary	Of or pertaining to coin or money; pecuniary; as, the nummulary talent.
Nummulary	Having the appearance or form of a coin.
Nummulation	The arrangement of the red blood corpuscles in rouleaux, like piles of coins, as when a drop of human blood is examined under the microscope.
Nummulite	A fossil of the genus Nummulites and allied genera.
Nummulites	A genus of extinct Tertiary Foraminifera, having a thin, flat, round shell, containing a large number of small chambers arranged spirally.
Nummulitic	Of, like, composed of, containing, nummulites; as, nummulitic beds.
Numps	A dolt; a blockhead.
Numskull	A dunce; a dolt; a stupid fellow.
Numskulled	Stupid; doltish.
Nun	A woman devoted to a religious life, who lives in a convent, under the three vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience.
Nun	A white variety of domestic pigeons having a veil of feathers covering the head.
Nun	The smew.
Nun	The European blue titmouse.
Nunchion	A portion of food taken at or after noon, usually between full meals; a luncheon.
Nunciate	One who announces; a messenger; a nuncio.
Nunciature	The office of a nuncio.
Nuncios	of Nuncio
Nuncio	A messenger.
Nuncio	The permanent official representative of the pope at a foreign court or seat of government.  Distinguished from a legate a latere, whose mission is temporary in its nature, or for some special purpose. Nuncios are of higher rank than internuncios.
Nuncii	of Nuncius
Nuncius	A messenger.
Nuncius	The information communicated.
Nuncupate	To declare publicly or solemnly; to proclaim formally.
Nuncupate	To dedicate by declaration; to inscribe; as, to nuncupate a book.
Nuncupation	The act of nuncupating.
Nuncupative	Publicly or solemnly declaratory.
Nuncupative	Nominal; existing only in name.
Nuncupative	Oral; not written.
Nuncupatory	Nuncupative; oral.
Nundinal	A nundinal letter.
Nundinal	Alt. of Nundinary
Nundinary	Of or pertaining to a fair, or to a market day.
Nundinate	To buy and sell at fairs or markets.
Nundination	Traffic at fairs; marketing; buying and selling.
Nunnation	The pronunciation of n at the end of words.
Nunneries	of Nunnery
Nunnery	A house in which nuns reside; a cloister or convent in which women reside for life, under religious vows. See Cloister, and Convent.
Nunnish	Of, pertaining to, or resembling a nun; characteristic of a nun.
Nup	Same as Nupson.
Nuphar	A genus of plants found in the fresh-water ponds or lakes of Europe, Asia, and North America; the yellow water lily.  Cf. Nymphaea.
Nupson	A simpleton; a fool.
Nuptial	Of or pertaining to marriage; done or used at a wedding; as, nuptial rites and ceremonies.
Nuptials	of Nuptial
Nuptial	Marriage; wedding; nuptial ceremony; -- now only in the plural.
Nur	A hard knot in wood; also, a hard knob of wood used by boys in playing hockey.
Nurled	of Nurl
Nurling	of Nurl
Nurl	To cut with reeding or fluting on the edge of, as coins, the heads of screws, etc.; to knurl.
Nurse	One who nourishes; a person who supplies food, tends, or brings up; as: (a) A woman who has the care of young children; especially, one who suckles an infant not her own. (b) A person, especially a woman, who has the care of the sick or infirm.
Nurse	One who, or that which, brings up, rears, causes to grow, trains, fosters, or the like.
Nurse	A lieutenant or first officer, who is the real commander when the captain is unfit for his place.
Nurse	A peculiar larva of certain trematodes which produces cercariae by asexual reproduction. See Cercaria, and Redia.
Nurse	Either one of the nurse sharks.
Nursed	of Nurse
Nursing	of Nurse
Nurse	To nourish; to cherish; to foster
Nurse	To nourish at the breast; to suckle; to feed and tend, as an infant.
Nurse	To take care of or tend, as a sick person or an invalid; to attend upon.
Nurse	To bring up; to raise, by care, from a weak or invalid condition; to foster; to cherish; -- applied to plants, animals, and to any object that needs, or thrives by, attention.
Nurse	To manage with care and economy, with a view to increase; as, to nurse our national resources.
Nurse	To caress; to fondle, as a nurse does.
Nursehound	See Houndfish.
Nursemaid	A girl employed to attend children.
Nursepond	A pond where fish are fed.
Nurser	One who nurses; a nurse; one who cherishes or encourages growth.
Nurseries	of Nursery
Nursery	The act of nursing.
Nursery	The place where nursing is carried on
Nursery	The place, or apartment, in a house, appropriated to the care of children.
Nursery	A place where young trees, shrubs, vines, etc., are propagated for the purpose of transplanting; a plantation of young trees.
Nursery	The place where anything is fostered and growth promoted.
Nursery	That which forms and educates; as, commerce is the nursery of seamen.
Nursery	That which is nursed.
Nurserymen	of Nurseryman
Nurseryman	One who cultivates or keeps a nursery, or place for rearing trees, etc.
Nursing	Supplying or taking nourishment from, or as from, the breast; as, a nursing mother; a nursing infant.
Nursling	One who, or that which, is nursed; an infant; a fondling.
Nurstle	To nurse. See Noursle.
Nurture	The act of nourishing or nursing; thender care; education; training.
Nurture	That which nourishes; food; diet.
Nurtured	of Nurture
Nurturing	of Nurture
Nurture	To feed; to nourish.
Nurture	To educate; to bring or train up.
Nustle	To fondle; to cherish.
Nut	The fruit of certain trees and shrubs (as of the almond, walnut, hickory, beech, filbert, etc.), consisting of a hard and indehiscent shell inclosing a kernel.
Nut	A perforated block (usually a small piece of metal), provided with an internal or female screw thread, used on a bolt, or screw, for tightening or holding something, or for transmitting motion. See Illust. of lst Bolt.
Nut	The tumbler of a gunlock.
Nut	A projection on each side of the shank of an anchor, to secure the stock in place.
Nutted	of Nut
Nutting	of Nut
Nut	To gather nuts.
Nutant	Nodding; having the top bent downward.
Nutation	The act of nodding.
Nutation	A very small libratory motion of the earth's axis, by which its inclination to the plane of the ecliptic is constantly varying by a small amount.
Nutation	The motion of a flower in following the apparent movement of the sun, from the east in the morning to the west in the evening.
Nutation	Circumnutation.
Nutbreaker	The European nuthatch.
Nutbreaker	The nutcracker.
Nut-brown	Brown as a nut long kept and dried.
Nutcracker	An instrument for cracking nuts.
Nutcracker	A European bird (Nucifraga caryocatactes), allied to the magpie and crow. Its color is dark brown, spotted with white. It feeds on nuts, seeds, and insects.
Nutcracker	The American, or Clarke's, nutcracker (Picicorvus Columbianus) of Western North America.
Nutgall	A more or less round gall resembling a nut, esp. one of those produced on the oak and used in the arts. See Gall, Gallnut.
Nuthatch	Any one of several species of birds of the genus Sitta, as the European species (Sitta Europaea). The white-breasted nuthatch (S. Carolinensis), the red-breasted nuthatch (S. Canadensis), the pygmy nuthatch (S. pygmaea), and others, are American.
Nuthook	A hook at the end of a pole to pull down boughs for gathering the nuts.
Nuthook	A thief who steals by means of a hook; also, a bailiff who hooks or seizes malefactors.
Nutjobber	The nuthatch.
Nutlet	A small nut; also, the stone of a drupe.
Nutmeg	The kernel of the fruit of the nutmeg tree (Myristica fragrans), a native of the Molucca Islands, but cultivated elsewhere in the tropics.
Nutmegged	Seasoned with nutmeg.
Nutpecker	The nuthatch.
Nutria	The fur of the coypu. See Coypu.
Nutrication	The act or manner of feeding.
Nutrient	Nutritious; nourishing; promoting growth.
Nutrient	Any substance which has nutritious qualities, i. e., which nourishes or promotes growth.
Nutriment	That which nourishes; anything which promotes growth and repairs the natural waste of animal or vegetable life; food; aliment.
Nutriment	That which promotes development or growth.
Nutrimental	Nutritious.
Nutritial	Pertaining to, or connected with, nutrition; nutritious.
Nutrition	In the broadest sense, a process or series of processes by which the living organism as a whole (or its component parts or organs) is maintained in its normal condition of life and growth.
Nutrition	In a more limited sense, the process by which the living tissues take up, from the blood, matters necessary either for their repair or for the performance of their healthy functions.
Nutrition	That which nourishes; nutriment.
Nutritional	Of or pertaining to nutrition; as, nutritional changes.
Nutritious	Nourishing; promoting growth, or preventing decay; alimental.
Nutritive	Of or pertaining to nutrition; as, the nutritive functions; having the quality of nourishing; nutritious; nutrimental; alimental; as, nutritive food or berries.
Nutriture	Nutrition; nourishment.
Nutshell	The shell or hard external covering in which the kernel of a nut is inclosed.
Nutshell	Hence, a thing of little compass, or of little value.
Nutshell	A shell of the genus Nucula.
Nutter	A gatherer of nuts.
Nutting	The act of gathering nuts.
Nutty	Abounding in nuts.
Nutty	Having a flavor like that of nuts; as, nutty wine.
Nux vomica	The seed of Strychnos Nuxvomica, a tree which abounds on the Malabar and Coromandel coasts of the East Indies. From this seed the deadly poisons known as strychnine and brucine are obtained. The seeds are sometimes called Quaker buttons.
Nuzzied	of Nuzzle
Nuzzling	of Nuzzle
Nuzzle	To noursle or nurse; to foster; to bring up.
Nuzzle	To nestle; to house, as in a nest.
Nuzzle	To work with the nose, like a swine in the mud.
Nuzzle	To go with head poised like a swine, with nose down.
Nuzzle	To hide the head, as a child in the mother's bosom; to nestle.
Nuzzle	To loiter; to idle.
Ny	Not I; nor I.
Ny	Alt. of Nye
Nye	Nigh.
Nyas	See Nias.
Nyctalopia	A disease of the eye, in consequence of which the patient can see well in a faint light or at twilight, but is unable to see during the day or in a strong light; day blindness.
Nyctalopia	See Moonblink.
Nyctalops	One afflicted with nyctalopia.
Nyctalopy	Same as Nyctalopia.
Nycthemeron	The natural day and night, or space of twenty-four hours.
Nyctibune	A South American bird of the genus Nyctibius, allied to the goatsuckers.
Nyctitropic	Turning or bending at night into special positions.
Nyctophile	Any Australian bat of the genus Nyctophilus, having a very simple nasal appendage.
Nye	A brood or flock of pheasants.
Nyentek	A carnivorous mannual (Helictis moscatus, or H. orientalis), native of Eastern Asia and the Indies. It has a dorsal white stripe, and another one across the shoulders. It has a strong musky odor.
Nylghau	Alt. of Nylgau
Nylgau	A large Asiatic antelope (Boselaphus, / Portax, tragocamelus), found in Northern India. It has short horns, a black mane, and a bunch of long hair on the throat. The general color is grayish brown.
Nymph	A goddess of the mountains, forests, meadows, or waters.
Nymph	A lovely young girl; a maiden; a damsel.
Nymph	The pupa of an insect; a chrysalis.
Nymph	Any one of a subfamily (Najades) of butterflies including the purples, the fritillaries, the peacock butterfly, etc.; -- called also naiad.
Nymph/	of Nympha
Nympha	Same as Nymph, 3.
Nympha	Two folds of mucous membrane, within the labia, at the opening of the vulva.
Nymphaea	A genus of aquatic plants having showy flowers (white, blue, pink, or yellow, often fragrant), including the white water lily and the Egyptia lotus.
Nymphal	Of or pertaining to a nymph or nymphs; nymphean.
Nymphales	An extensive family of butterflies including the nymphs, the satyrs, the monarchs, the heliconias, and others; -- called also brush-footed butterflies.
Nymphean	Of, pertaining to, or appropriate to, nymphs; inhabited by nymphs; as, a nymphean cave.
Nymphet	A little or young nymph.
Nymphic	Alt. of Nymphical
Nymphical	Of or pertaining to nymphs.
Nymphiparous	Producing pupas or nymphs.
Nymphish	Relating to nymphs; ladylike.
Nymphlike	Alt. of Nymphly
Nymphly	Resembling, or characteristic of, a nymph.
Nympholepsy	A species of demoniac enthusiasm or possession coming upon one who had accidentally looked upon a nymph; ecstasy.
Nympholeptic	Under the influence of nympholepsy; ecstatic; frenzied.
Nymphomania	Morbid and uncontrollable sexual desire in women, constituting a true disease.
Nymphomany	Same as Nymphomania.
Nymphotomy	Excision of the nymphae.
Nys	Is not. See Nis.
Nystagmus	A rapid involuntary oscillation of the eyeballs.
Nyula	A species of ichneumon (Herpestes nyula). Its fur is beautifully variegated by closely set zigzag markings.
