O	O, the fifteenth letter of the English alphabet, derives its form, value, and name from the Greek O, through the Latin. The letter came into the Greek from the Ph/nician, which possibly derived it ultimately from the Egyptian. Etymologically, the letter o is most closely related to a, e, and u; as in E. bone, AS. ban; E. stone, AS. stan; E. broke, AS. brecan to break; E. bore, AS. beran to bear; E. dove, AS. d/fe; E. toft, tuft; tone, tune; number, F. nombre.
O	Among the ancients, O was a mark of triple time, from the notion that the ternary, or number 3, is the most perfect of numbers, and properly expressed by a circle, the most perfect figure.
O's	of O
Oes	of O
O	The letter O, or its sound.
O	Something shaped like the letter O; a circle or oval.
O	A cipher; zero.
O'	A prefix to Irish family names, which signifies grandson or descendant of, and is a character of dignity; as, O'Neil, O'Carrol.
O'	A shortened form of of or on.
O	One.
O	An exclamation used in calling or directly addressing a person or personified object; also, as an emotional or impassioned exclamation expressing pain, grief, surprise, desire, fear, etc.
Oad	See Woad.
Oaf	Originally, an elf's child; a changeling left by fairies or goblins; hence, a deformed or foolish child; a simpleton; an idiot.
Oafish	Like an oaf; simple.
Oak	Any tree or shrub of the genus Quercus. The oaks have alternate leaves, often variously lobed, and staminate flowers in catkins. The fruit is a smooth nut, called an acorn, which is more or less inclosed in a scaly involucre called the cup or cupule. There are now recognized about three hundred species, of which nearly fifty occur in the United States, the rest in Europe, Asia, and the other parts of North America, a very few barely reaching the northern parts of South America and Africa. Many of the oaks form forest trees of grand proportions and live many centuries. The wood is usually hard and tough, and provided with conspicuous medullary rays, forming the silver grain.
Oak	The strong wood or timber of the oak.
Oaken	Made or consisting of oaks or of the wood of oaks.
Oaker	See Ocher.
Oakling	A young oak.
Oakum	The material obtained by untwisting and picking into loose fiber old hemp ropes; -- used for calking the seams of ships, stopping leaks, etc.
Oakum	The coarse portion separated from flax or hemp in nackling.
Oaky	Resembling oak; strong.
Oar	An implement for impelling a boat, being a slender piece of timber, usually ash or spruce, with a grip or handle at one end and a broad blade at the other. The part which rests in the rowlock is called the loom.
Oar	An oarsman; a rower; as, he is a good oar.
Oar	An oarlike swimming organ of various invertebrates.
Oared	of Oar
Oaring	of Oar
Oar	To row.
Oared	Furnished with oars; -- chiefly used in composition; as, a four-oared boat.
Oared	Having feet adapted for swimming.
Oared	Totipalmate; -- said of the feet of certain birds. See Illust. of Aves.
Oarfish	The ribbon fish.
Oarfoot	Any crustacean of the genus Remipes.
Oar-footed	Having feet adapted for swimming.
Oarless	Without oars.
Oarlock	The notch, fork, or other device on the gunwale of a boat, in which the oar rests in rowing.  See Rowlock.
Oarsmen	of Oarsman
Oarsman	One who uses, or is skilled in the use of, an oar; a rower.
Oarsweed	Any large seaweed of the genus Laminaria; tangle; kelp.  See Kelp.
Oary	Having the form or the use of an oar; as, the swan's oary feet.
Oases	of Oasis
Oasis	A fertile or green spot in a waste or desert, esp. in a sandy desert.
Oast	A kiln to dry hops or malt; a cockle.
Oats	of Oat
Oat	A well-known cereal grass (Avena sativa), and its edible grain; -- commonly used in the plural and in a collective sense.
Oat	A musical pipe made of oat straw.
Oatcake	A cake made of oatmeal.
Oaten	Consisting of an oat straw or stem; as, an oaten pipe.
Oaten	Made of oatmeal; as, oaten cakes.
Oaths	of Oath
Oath	A solemn affirmation or declaration, made with a reverent appeal to God for the truth of what is affirmed.
Oath	A solemn affirmation, connected with a sacred object, or one regarded as sacred, as the temple, the altar, the blood of Abel, the Bible, the Koran, etc.
Oath	An appeal (in verification of a statement made) to a superior sanction, in such a form as exposes the party making the appeal to an indictment for perjury if the statement be false.
Oath	A careless and blasphemous use of the name of the divine Being, or anything divine or sacred, by way of appeal or as a profane exclamation or ejaculation; an expression of profane swearing.
Oathable	Capable of having an oath administered to.
Oathbreaking	The violation of an oath; perjury.
Oatmeal	Meal made of oats.
Oatmeal	A plant of the genus Panicum; panic grass.
Ob-	A prefix signifying to, toward, before, against, reversely, etc.; also, as a simple intensive; as in oblige, to bind to; obstacle, something standing before; object, lit., to throw against; obovate, reversely, ovate. Ob- is commonly assimilated before c, f, g, and p, to oc-, of-, og-, and op-.
Obcompressed	Compressed or flattened antero-posteriorly, or in a way opposite to the usual one.
Obconic	Alt. of Obconical
Obconical	Conical, but having the apex downward; inversely conical.
Obcordate	Heart-shaped, with the attachment at the pointed end; inversely cordate: as, an obcordate petal or leaf.
Obdiplostemonous	Having twice as many stamens as petals, those of the outer set being opposite the petals; -- said of flowers.
Obdiplostemony	The condition of being obdiplostemonous.
Obdormition	Sleep.
Obduce	To draw over, as a covering.
Obduct	To draw over; to cover.
Obduction	The act of drawing or laying over, as a covering.
Obduracy	The duality or state of being obdurate; invincible hardness of heart; obstinacy.
Obdurate	Hardened in feelings, esp. against moral or mollifying influences; unyielding; hard-hearted; stubbornly wicked.
Obdurate	Hard; harsh; rugged; rough; intractable.
Obdurate	To harden.
Obduration	A hardening of the heart; hardness of heart.
Obdure	To harden.
Obdure	Alt. of Obdured
Obdured	Obdurate; hard.
Obdureness	Alt. of Obduredness
Obduredness	Hardness.
Obbe	See Obi.
Obeah	Same as Obi.
Obeah	Of or pertaining to obi; as, the obeah man.
Obedible	Obedient.
Obedience	The act of obeying, or the state of being obedient; compliance with that which is required by authority; subjection to rightful restraint or control.
Obedience	Words or actions denoting submission to authority; dutifulness.
Obedience	A following; a body of adherents; as, the Roman Catholic obedience, or the whole body of persons who submit to the authority of the pope.
Obedience	A cell (or offshoot of a larger monastery) governed by a prior.
Obedience	One of the three monastic vows.
Obedience	The written precept of a superior in a religious order or congregation to a subject.
Obedienciary	One yielding obedience.
Obedient	Subject in will or act to authority; willing to obey; submissive to restraint, control, or command.
Obediential	According to the rule of obedience.
Obediently	In an obedient manner; with obedience.
Obeisance	Obedience.
Obeisance	A manifestation of obedience; an expression of difference or respect; homage; a bow; a courtesy.
Obeisancy	See Obeisance.
Obeisant	Ready to obey; reverent; differential; also, servilely submissive.
Obelion	The region of the skull between the two parietal foramina where the closure of the sagittal suture usually begins.
Obeliscal	Formed like an obelisk.
Obelisk	An upright, four-sided pillar, gradually tapering as it rises, and terminating in a pyramid called pyramidion. It is ordinarily monolithic. Egyptian obelisks are commonly covered with hieroglyphic writing from top to bottom.
Obelisk	A mark of reference; -- called also dagger [/]. See Dagger, n., 2.
Obelisked	of Obelisk
Obelisking	of Obelisk
Obelisk	To mark or designate with an obelisk.
Obelized	of Obelize
Obelizing	of Obelize
Obelize	To designate with an obelus; to mark as doubtful or spirituous.
Obeli	of Obelus
Obelus	A mark [thus /, or Ö ]; -- so called as resembling a needle. In old MSS. or editions of the classics, it marks suspected passages or readings.
Obequitate	To ride about.
Oberon	The king of the fairies, and husband of Titania or Queen Mab.
Oberration	A wandering about.
Obese	Excessively corpulent; fat; fleshy.
Obeseness	Quality of being obese; obesity.
Obesity	The state or quality of being obese; incumbrance of flesh.
Obeyed	of Obey
Obeying	of Obey
Obey	To give ear to; to execute the commands of; to yield submission to; to comply with the orders of.
Obey	To submit to the authority of; to be ruled by.
Obey	To yield to the impulse, power, or operation of; as, a ship obeys her helm.
Obey	To give obedience.
Obeyer	One who yields obedience.
Obeyingly	Obediently; submissively.
Obfirm	Alt. of Obfirmate
Obfirmate	To make firm; to harden in resolution.
Obfirmation	Hardness of heart; obduracy.
Obfuscate	Obfuscated; darkened; obscured.
Obfuscated	of Obfuscate
Obfuscating	of Obfuscate
Obfuscate	To darken; to obscure; to becloud; hence, to confuse; to bewilder.
Obfuscation	The act of darkening or bewildering; the state of being darkened.
Obi	A species of sorcery, probably of African origin, practiced among the negroes of the West Indies.
Obi	A charm or fetich.
Obimbricate	Imbricated, with the overlapping ends directed downward.
Obit	Death; decease; the date of one's death.
Obit	A funeral solemnity or office; obsequies.
Obit	A service for the soul of a deceased person on the anniversary of the day of his death.
Obiter	In passing; incidentally; by the way.
Obitual	Of or pertaining to obits, or days when obits are celebrated; as, obitual days.
Obituarily	In the manner of an obituary.
Obiyuary	Of or pertaining to the death of a person or persons; as, an obituary notice; obituary poetry.
Obituaries	of Obituary
Obituary	That which pertains to, or is called forth by, the obit or death of a person; esp., an account of a deceased person; a notice of the death of a person, accompanied by a biographical sketch.
Obituary	A list of the dead, or a register of anniversary days when service is performed for the dead.
Objected	of Object
Objecting	of Object
Object	To set before or against; to bring into opposition; to oppose.
Object	To offer in opposition as a criminal charge or by way of accusation or reproach; to adduce as an objection or adverse reason.
Object	To make opposition in words or argument; -- usually followed by to.
Object	That which is put, or which may be regarded as put, in the way of some of the senses; something visible or tangible; as, he observed an object in the distance; all the objects in sight; he touched a strange object in the dark.
Object	That which is set, or which may be regarded as set, before the mind so as to be apprehended or known; that of which the mind by any of its activities takes cognizance, whether a thing external in space or a conception formed by the mind itself; as, an object of knowledge, wonder, fear, thought, study, etc.
Object	That by which the mind, or any of its activities, is directed; that on which the purpose are fixed as the end of action or effort; that which is sought for; end; aim; motive; final cause.
Object	Sight; show; appearance; aspect.
Object	A word, phrase, or clause toward which an action is directed, or is considered to be directed; as, the object of a transitive verb.
Object	Opposed; presented in opposition; also, exposed.
Objectable	Such as can be presented in opposition; that may be put forward as an objection.
Objectify	To cause to become an object; to cause to assume the character of an object; to render objective.
Objection	The act of objecting; as, to prevent agreement, or action, by objection.
Objection	That which is, or may be, presented in opposition; an adverse reason or argument; a reason for objecting; obstacle; impediment; as, I have no objection to going; unreasonable objections.
Objection	Cause of trouble; sorrow.
Objectionable	Liable to objection; likely to be objected to or disapproved of; offensive; as, objectionable words.
Objectist	One who adheres to, or is skilled in, the objective philosophy.
Objectivate	To objectify.
Objectivation	Converting into an object.
Objective	Of or pertaining to an object.
Objective	Of or pertaining to an object; contained in, or having the nature or position of, an object; outward; external; extrinsic; -- an epithet applied to whatever ir exterior to the mind, or which is simply an object of thought or feeling, and opposed to subjective.
Objective	Pertaining to, or designating, the case which follows a transitive verb or a preposition, being that case in which the direct object of the verb is placed. See Accusative, n.
Objective	The objective case.
Objective	An object glass.  See under Object, n.
Objective	Same as Objective point, under Objective, a.
Objectively	In the manner or state of an object; as, a determinate idea objectively in the mind.
Objectiveness	Objectivity.
Objectivity	The state, quality, or relation of being objective; character of the object or of the objective.
Obectize	To make an object of; to regard as an object; to place in the position of an object.
Objectless	Having no object; purposeless.
Objector	One who objects; one who offers objections to a proposition or measure.
Objibways	See Chippeways.
Objicient	One who makes objection; an objector.
Objuration	A binding by oath.
Objurgated	of Objurgate
Objurgating	of Objurgate
Objurgate	To chide; to reprove.
Objurgation	The act of objurgating; reproof.
Objurgatory	Designed to objurgate or chide; containing or expressing reproof; culpatory.
Oblanceolate	Lanceolate in the reversed order, that is, narrowing toward the point of attachment more than toward the apex.
Oblate	Flattened or depressed at the poles; as, the earth is an oblate spheroid.
Oblate	Offered up; devoted; consecrated; dedicated; -- used chiefly or only in the titles of Roman Catholic orders.  See Oblate, n.
Oblate	One of an association of priests or religious women who have offered themselves to the service of the church. There are three such associations of priests, and one of women, called oblates.
Oblate	One of the Oblati.
Oblateness	The quality or state of being oblate.
Oblati	Children dedicated in their early years to the monastic state.
Oblati	A class of persons, especially in the Middle Ages, who offered themselves and their property to a monastery.
Oblation	The act of offering, or of making an offering.
Oblation	Anything offered or presented in worship or sacred service; an offering; a sacrifice.
Oblation	A gift or contribution made to a church, as for the expenses of the eucharist, or for the support of the clergy and the poor.
Oblationer	One who makes an offering as an act worship or reverence.
Oblatrate	To bark or snarl, as a dog.
Oblatration	The act of oblatrating; a barking or snarling.
Oblata	of Oblatum
Oblatum	An oblate spheroid; a figure described by the revolution of an ellipse about its minor axis.  Cf. Oblongum.
Oblectate	To delight; to please greatly.
Oblectation	The act of pleasing highly; the state of being greatly pleased; delight.
Obligable	Acknowledging, or complying with, obligation; trustworthy.
Obligated	of Obligate
Obligating	of Obligate
Obligate	To bring or place under obligation, moral or legal; to hold by a constraining motive.
Obligate	To bind or firmly hold to an act; to compel; to constrain; to bind to any act of duty or courtesy by a formal pledge.
Obligation	The act of obligating.
Obligation	That which obligates or constrains; the binding power of a promise, contract, oath, or vow, or of law; that which constitutes legal or moral duty.
Obligation	Any act by which a person becomes bound to do something to or for anouther, or to forbear something; external duties imposed by law, promise, or contract, by the relations of society, or by courtesy, kindness, etc.
Obligation	The state of being obligated or bound; the state of being indebted for an act of favor or kindness; as, to place others under obligations to one.
Obligation	A bond with a condition annexed, and a penalty for nonfulfillment. In a larger sense, it is an acknowledgment of a duty to pay a certain sum or do a certain things.
Obligato	See Obbligato.
Obligatorily	In an obligatory manner; by reason of obligation.
Obligatoriness	The quality or state of being obligatory.
Obligatory	Binding in law or conscience; imposing duty or obligation; requiring performance or forbearance of some act; -- often followed by on or upon; as, obedience is obligatory on a soldier.
Obliged	of Oblige
Obliging	of Oblige
Oblige	To attach, as by a bond.
Oblige	To constrain by physical, moral, or legal force; to put under obligation to do or forbear something.
Oblige	To bind by some favor rendered; to place under a debt; hence, to do a favor to; to please; to gratify; to accommodate.
Obligee	The person to whom another is bound, or the person to whom a bond is given.
Obligement	Obligation.
Obliger	One who, or that which, obliges.
Obliging	Putting under obligation; disposed to oblige or do favors; hence, helpful; civil; kind.
Obligor	The person who binds himself, or gives his bond to another.
Obliquation	The act of becoming oblique; a turning to one side; obliquity; as, the obliquation of the eyes.
Obliquation	Deviation from moral rectitude.
Oblique	Not erect or perpendicular; neither parallel to, nor at right angles from, the base; slanting; inclined.
Oblique	Not straightforward; indirect; obscure; hence, disingenuous; underhand; perverse; sinister.
Oblique	Not direct in descent; not following the line of father and son; collateral.
Oblique	An oblique line.
Obliqued	of Oblique
Obliquing	of Oblique
Oblique	To deviate from a perpendicular line; to move in an oblique direction.
Oblique	To march in a direction oblique to the line of the column or platoon; -- formerly accomplished by oblique steps, now by direct steps, the men half-facing either to the right or left.
Oblique-angled	Having oblique angles; as, an oblique-angled triangle.
Obliquely	In an oblique manner; not directly; indirectly.
Obliqueness	Quality or state of being oblique.
Obliquities	of Obliquity
Obliquity	The condition of being oblique; deviation from a right line; deviation from parallelism or perpendicularity; the amount of such deviation; divergence; as, the obliquity of the ecliptic to the equator.
Obliquity	Deviation from ordinary rules; irregularity; deviation from moral rectitude.
Oblite	Indistinct; slurred over.
Obliterated	of Obliterate
Obliterating	of Obliterate
Obliterate	To erase or blot out; to efface; to render undecipherable, as a writing.
Obliterate	To wear out; to remove or destroy utterly by any means; to render imperceptible; as. to obliterate ideas; to obliterate the monuments of antiquity.
Obliterate	Scarcely distinct; -- applied to the markings of insects.
Obliteration	The act of obliterating, or the state of being obliterated; extinction.
Obliterative	Tending or serving to obliterate.
Oblivion	The act of forgetting, or the state of being forgotten; cessation of remembrance; forgetfulness.
Oblivion	 Official ignoring of offenses; amnesty, or general pardon; as, an act of oblivion.
Oblivious	Promoting oblivion; causing forgetfulness.
Oblivious	Evincing oblivion; forgetful.
Oblocutor	A disputer; a gainsayer.
Oblong	Having greater length than breadth, esp. when rectangular.
Oblong	A rectangular figure longer than it is broad; hence, any figure longer than it is broad.
Oblongata	The medulla oblongata.
Oblongatal	Of or pertaining to the medulla oblongata; medullar.
Oblongish	Somewhat oblong.
Oblongly	In an oblong form.
Oblongness	State or quality of being oblong.
Oblong-ovate	Between oblong and ovate, but inclined to the latter.
Oblonga	of Oblongum
Oblongum	A prolate spheroid; a figure described by the revolution of an ellipse about its greater axis.  Cf. Oblatum, and see Ellipsoid of revolution, under Ellipsoid.
Obloquious	Containing obloquy; reproachful
Obloquy	Censorious speech; defamatory language; language that casts contempt on men or their actions; blame; reprehension.
Obloquy	Cause of reproach; disgrace.
Obluctation	A struggle against; resistance; opposition.
Obmutescence	A becoming dumb; loss of speech.
Obmutescence	A keeping silent or mute.
Obnoxious	Subject; liable; exposed; answerable; amenable; -- with to.
Obnoxious	Liable to censure; exposed to punishment; reprehensible; blameworthy.
Obnoxious	Offensive; odious; hateful; as, an obnoxious statesman; a minister obnoxious to the Whigs.
Obnubilate	To cloud; to obscure.
Oboe	One of the higher wind instruments in the modern orchestra, yet of great antiquity, having a penetrating pastoral quality of tone, somewhat like the clarinet in form, but more slender, and sounded by means of a double reed; a hautboy.
Oboist	A performer on the oboe.
Obolary	Possessing only small coins; impoverished.
Obole	A weight of twelve grains; or, according to some, of ten grains, or half a scruple.
Obolize	See Obelize.
Obolo	A copper coin, used in the Ionian Islands, about one cent in value.
Oboli	of Obolus
Obolus	A small silver coin of Athens, the sixth part of a drachma, about three cents in value.
Obolus	An ancient weight, the sixth part of a drachm.
Obomegoid	Obversely omegoid.
Oboval	Obovate.
Obovate	Inversely ovate; ovate with the narrow end downward; as, an obovate leaf.
Obreption	The act of creeping upon with secrecy or by surprise.
Obreption	The obtaining gifts of escheat by fraud or surprise.
Obreptitious	Done or obtained by surprise; with secrecy, or by concealment of the truth.
Obrogate	To annul indirectly by enacting a new and contrary law, instead of by expressly abrogating or repealing the old one.
Obrok	A rent.
Obrok	A poll tax paid by peasants absent from their lord's estate.
Obscene	Offensive to chastity or modesty; expressing of presenting to the mind or view something which delicacy, purity, and decency forbid to be exposed; impure; as, obscene language; obscene pictures.
Obscene	Foul; fifthy; disgusting.
Obscene	Inauspicious; ill-omened.
Obscenities	of Obscenity
Obscenity	That quality in words or things which presents what is offensive to chasity or purity of mind; obscene or impure lanquage or acts; moral impurity; lewdness; obsceneness; as, the obscenity of a speech, or a picture.
Obscurant	One who obscures; one who prevents enlightenment or hinders the progress of knowledge and wisdom.
Obscurantism	The system or the principles of the obscurants.
Obscurantist	Same as Obscurant.
Obscuration	The act or operation of obscuring; the state of being obscured; as, the obscuration of the moon in an eclipse.
Obscure	Covered over, shaded, or darkened; destitute of light; imperfectly illuminated; dusky; dim.
Obscure	Of or pertaining to darkness or night; inconspicuous to the sight; indistinctly seen; hidden; retired; remote from observation; unnoticed.
Obscure	Not noticeable; humble; mean.
Obscure	Not easily understood; not clear or legible; abstruse or blind; as, an obscure passage or inscription.
Obscure	Not clear, full, or distinct; clouded; imperfect; as, an obscure view of remote objects.
Obscured	of Obscure
Obscuring	of Obscure
Obscure	To render obscure; to darken; to make dim; to keep in the dark; to hide; to make less visible, intelligible, legible, glorious, beautiful, or illustrious.
Obscure	To conceal one's self; to hide; to keep dark.
Obscure	Obscurity.
Obscurely	In an obscure manner.
Obscurement	The act of obscuring, or the state of being obscured; obscuration.
Obscureness	Obscurity.
Obscurer	One who, or that which, obscures.
Obscurity	The quality or state of being obscure; darkness; privacy; inconspicuousness; unintelligibleness; uncertainty.
Obsecrated	of Obsecrate
Obsecrating	of Obsecrate
Obsecrate	To beseech; to supplicate; to implore.
Obsecration	The act of obsecrating or imploring; as, the obsecrations of the Litany, being those clauses beginning with "By."
Obsecration	A figure of speech in which the orator implores the assistance of God or man.
Obsecratory	Expressing, or used in, entreaty; supplicatory.
Obsequent	Obedient; submissive; obsequious.
Obsequience	Obsequiousness.
Obsequies	See Obsequy.
Obsequious	Promptly obedient, or submissive, to the will of another; compliant; yielding to the desires of another; devoted.
Obsequious	Servilely or meanly attentive; compliant to excess; cringing; fawning; as, obsequious flatterer, parasite.
Obsequious	Of or pertaining to obsequies; funereal.
Obsequiously	In an obsequious manner; compliantly; fawningly.
Obsequiously	In a manner appropriate to obsequies.
Obsequiousness	The quality or state of being obsequious.
Obsequies	of Obsequy
Obsequy	The last duty or service to a person, rendered after his death; hence, a rite or ceremony pertaining to burial; -- now used only in the plural.
Obsequy	Obsequiousness.
Observable	Worthy or capable of being observed; discernible; noticeable; remarkable.
Observance	The act or practice of observing or noticing with attention; a heeding or keeping with care; performance; -- usually with a sense of strictness and fidelity; as, the observance of the Sabbath is general; the strict observance of duties.
Observance	An act, ceremony, or rite, as of worship or respect; especially, a customary act or service of attention; a form; a practice; a rite; a custom.
Observance	Servile attention; sycophancy.
Observancy	Observance.
Observanda	of Observandum
Observandum	A thing to be observed.
Observant	Taking notice; viewing or noticing attentively; watchful; attentive; as, an observant spectator; observant habits.
Observant	Submissively attentive; obediently watchful; regardful; mindful; obedient (to); -- with of, as, to be observant of rules.
Observant	One who observes forms and rules.
Observant	A sycophantic servant.
Observant	An Observantine.
Observantine	One of a branch of the Order of Franciscans, who profess to adhere more strictly than the Conventuals to the intention of the founder, especially as to poverty; -- called also Observants.
Observantly	In an observant manner.
Observation	The act or the faculty of observing or taking notice; the act of seeing, or of fixing the mind upon, anything.
Observation	The result of an act, or of acts, of observing; view; reflection; conclusion; judgment.
Observation	Hence: An expression of an opinion or judgment upon what one has observed; a remark.
Observation	Performance of what is prescribed; adherence in practice; observance.
Observation	The act of recognizing and noting some fact or occurrence in nature, as an aurora, a corona, or the structure of an animal.
Observation	Specifically, the act of measuring, with suitable instruments, some magnitude, as the time of an occultation, with a clock; the right ascension of a star, with a transit instrument and clock; the sun's altitude, or the distance of the moon from a star, with a sextant; the temperature, with a thermometer, etc. 
Observation	The information so acquired.
Observational	Of a pertaining to observation; consisting of, or containing, observations.
Observative	Observing; watchful.
Observator	One who observes or takes notice.
Observator	One who makes a remark.
Observatories	of Observatory
Observatory	A place or building for making observations on the heavenly bodies.
Observatory	A building fitted with instruments for making systematic observations of any particular class or series of natural phenomena.
Observatory	A place, as an elevated chamber, from which a view may be observed or commanded.
Observatory	A lookout on a flank of a battery whence an officer can note the range and effect of the fire.
Observed	of Observe
Observing	of Observe
Observe	To take notice of by appropriate conduct; to conform one's action or practice to; to keep; to heed; to obey; to comply with; as, to observe rules or commands; to observe civility.
Observe	To be on the watch respecting; to pay attention to; to notice with care; to see; to perceive; to discover; as, to observe an eclipse; to observe the color or fashion of a dress; to observe the movements of an army.
Observe	To express as what has been noticed; to utter as a remark; to say in a casual or incidental way; to remark.
Observe	To take notice; to give attention to what one sees or hears; to attend.
Observe	To make a remark; to comment; -- generally with on or upon.
Observer	One who observes, or pays attention to, anything; especially, one engaged in, or trained to habits of, close and exact observation; as, an astronomical observer.
Observer	One who keeps any law, custom, regulation, rite, etc.; one who conforms to anything in practice.
Observer	One who fulfills or performs; as, an observer of his promises.
Observer	A sycophantic follower.
Observership	The office or work of an observer.
Observing	Giving particular attention; habitually attentive to what passes; as, an observing person; an observing mind.
Obsess	To besiege; to beset.
Obsession	The act of besieging.
Obsession	The state of being besieged; -- used specifically of a person beset by a spirit from without.
Obsidian	A kind of glass produced by volcanoes. It is usually of a black color, and opaque, except in thin splinters.
Obsidional	Of or pertaining to a siege.
Obsigillation	A sealing up.
Obsign	To seal; to confirm, as by a seal or stamp.
Obsignate	To seal; to ratify.
Obsignation	The act of sealing or ratifying; the state of being sealed or confirmed; confirmation, as by the Holy Spirit.
Obsignatory	Ratifying; confirming by sealing.
Obsolesce	To become obsolescent.
Obsolescence	The state of becoming obsolete.
Obsolescent	Going out of use;          becoming obsolete; passing into desuetude.
Obsolete	No longer in use; gone into disuse; disused; neglected; as, an obsolete word; an obsolete statute; -- applied chiefly to words, writings, or observances.
Obsolete	Not very distinct; obscure; rudimental; imperfectly developed; abortive.
Obsolete	To become obsolete; to go out of use.
Obsoletely	In an obsolete manner.
Obsoleteness	The state of being obsolete, or no longer used; a state of desuetude.
Obsoleteness	Indistinctness; want of development.
Obsoletism	A disused word or phrase; an archaism.
Obstacle	That which stands in the way, or opposes; anything that hinders progress; a hindrance; an obstruction, physical or moral.
Obstancy	Opposition; impediment; obstruction.
Obstetric	Alt. of Obstetrical
Obstetrical	Of or pertaining to midwifery, or the delivery of women in childbed; as, the obstetric art.
Obstetricate	To perform the office of midwife.
Obstetricate	To assist as a midwife.
Obstetrication	The act of assisting as a midwife; delivery.
Obstetrician	One skilled in obstetrics; an accoucheur.
Obstetricious	Serving to assist childbirth; obstetric; hence, facilitating any bringing forth or deliverance.
Obstetrics	The science of midwifery; the art of assisting women in parturition, or in the trouble incident to childbirth.
Obstetricy	Obstetrics.
Obstinacy	A fixedness in will, opinion, or resolution that can not be shaken at all, or only with great difficulty; firm and usually unreasonable adherence to an opinion, purpose, or system; unyielding disposition; stubborness; pertinacity; persistency; contumacy.
Obstinacy	The quality or state of being difficult to remedy, relieve, or subdue; as, the obstinacy of a disease or evil.
Obstinate	Pertinaciously adhering to an opinion, purpose, or course; persistent; not yielding to reason, arguments, or other means; stubborn; pertinacious; -- usually implying unreasonableness.
Obstinate	Not yielding; not easily subdued or removed; as, obstinate fever; obstinate obstructions.
Obstination	Obstinacy; stubbornness.
Obstipation	The act of stopping up, as a passage.
Obstipation	Extreme constipation.
Obstreperous	Attended by, or making, a loud and tumultuous noise; clamorous; noisy; vociferous.
Obstriction	The state of being constrained, bound, or obliged; that which constrains or obliges; obligation; bond.
Obstringe	To constrain; to put under obligation.
Obstructed	of Obstruct
Obstructing	of Obstruct
Obstruct	To block up; to stop up or close, as a way or passage; to place an obstacle in, or fill with obstacles or impediments that prevent or hinder passing; as, to obstruct a street; to obstruct the channels of the body.
Obstruct	To be, or come, in the way of; to hinder from passing; to stop; to impede; to retard; as, the bar in the harbor obstructs the passage of ships; clouds obstruct the light of the sun; unwise rules obstruct legislation.
Obstructer	One who obstructs or hinders.
Obstruction	The act of obstructing, or state of being obstructed.
Obstruction	That which obstructs or impedes; an obstacle; an impediment; a hindrance.
Obstruction	The condition of having the natural powers obstructed in their usual course; the arrest of the vital functions; death.
Obstructionism	The act or the policy of obstructing progress.
Obstructionist	One who hinders progress; one who obstructs business, as in a legislative body.
Obstructionist	Of or pertaining to obstructionists.
Obstructive	Tending to obstruct; presenting obstacles; hindering; causing impediment.
Obstructive	An obstructive person or thing.
Obstruent	Causing obstruction; blocking up; hindering; as, an obstruent medicine.
Obstruent	Anything that obstructs or closes a passage; esp., that which obstructs natural passages in the body; as, a medicine which acts as an obstruent.
Obstupefaction	See Stupefaction.
Obstupefactive	Stupefactive.
Obstupefy	See Stupefy.
Obtained	of Obtain
Obtaining	of Obtain
Obtain	To hold; to keep; to possess.
Obtain	To get hold of by effort; to gain possession of; to procure; to acquire, in any way.
Obtain	To become held; to gain or have a firm footing; to be recognized or established; to subsist; to become prevalent or general; to prevail; as, the custom obtains of going to the seashore in summer.
Obtain	To prevail; to succeed.
Obtainable	Capable of being obtained.
Obtainer	One who obtains.
Obtainment	The act or process of obtaining; attainment.
Obtected	Covered; protected.
Obtected	Covered with a hard chitinous case, as the pupa of certain files.
Obtemper	To obey (a judgment or decree).
Obtemperate	To obey.
Obtended	of Obtend
Obtending	of Obtend
Obtend	To oppose; to hold out in opposition.
Obtend	To offer as the reason of anything; to pretend.
Obtenebration	The act of darkening; the state of being darkened; darkness.
Obtension	The act of obtending.
Obtested	of Obtest
Obtesting	of Obtest
Obtest	To call to witness; to invoke as a witness.
Obtest	To beseech; to supplicate; to beg for.
Obtest	To protest.
Obtestation	The act of obtesting; supplication; protestation.
Obtrectation	Slander; detraction; calumny.
Obtruded	of Obtrude
Obtruding	of Obtrude
Obtrude	To thrust impertinently; to present without warrant or solicitation; as, to obtrude one's self upon a company.
Obtrude	To offer with unreasonable importunity; to urge unduly or against the will.
Obtrude	To thrust one's self upon a company or upon attention; to intrude.
Obtruder	One who obtrudes.
Obtruncate	To deprive of a limb; to lop.
Obtruncation	The act of lopping or cutting off.
Obtrusion	The act of obtruding; a thrusting upon others by force or unsolicited; as, the obtrusion of crude opinions on the world.
Obtrusion	That which is obtruded.
Obtrusionist	One who practices or excuses obtrusion.
Obtrusive	Disposed to obtrude; inclined to intrude or thrust one's self or one's opinions upon others, or to enter uninvited; forward; pushing; intrusive.
Obtunded	of Obtund
Obtunding	of Obtund
Obtund	To reduce the edge, pungency, or violent action of; to dull; to blunt; to deaden; to quell; as, to obtund the acrimony of the gall.
Obtundent	A substance which sheathes a part, or blunts irritation, usually some bland, oily, or mucilaginous matter; -- nearly the same as demulcent.
Obtunder	That which obtunds or blunts; especially, that which blunts sensibility.
Obturation	The act of stopping up, or closing, an opening.
Obturator	That which closes or stops an opening.
Obturator	An apparatus designed to close an unnatural opening, as a fissure of the palate.
Obturator	Serving as an obturator; closing an opening; pertaining to, or in the region of, the obturator foramen; as, the obturator nerve.
Obtusangular	See Obstuseangular.
Obtuse	Not pointed or acute; blunt; -- applied esp. to angles greater than a right angle, or containing more than ninety degrees.
Obtuse	Not having acute sensibility or perceptions; dull; stupid; as, obtuse senses.
Obtuse	Dull; deadened; as, obtuse sound.
Obtuse-angled	Alt. of obtuse-angular
obtuse-angular	Having an obtuse angle; as, an obtuse-angled triangle.
Obtusely	In an obtuse manner.
Obtuseness	State or quality of being obtuse.
Obtusion	The act or process of making obtuse or blunt.
Obtusion	The state of being dulled or blunted; as, the obtusion of the senses.
Obtusity	Obtuseness.
Obumbrant	Overhanging; as, obumbrant feathers.
Obumbrate	To shade; to darken; to cloud.
Obumbration	Act of darkening or obscuring.
Obuncous	Hooked or crooked in an extreme degree.
Obvention	The act of happening incidentally; that which happens casually; an incidental advantage; an occasional offering.
Obversant	Conversant; familiar.
Obverse	Having the base, or end next the attachment, narrower than the top, as a leaf.
Obverse	The face of a coin which has the principal image or inscription upon it; -- the other side being the reverse.
Obverse	Anything necessarily involved in, or answering to, another; the more apparent or conspicuous of two possible sides, or of two corresponding things.
Obversely	In an obverse manner.
Obversion	The act of turning toward or downward.
Obversion	The act of immediate inference, by which we deny the opposite of anything which has been affirmed; as, all men are mortal; then, by obversion, no men are immortal. This is also described as "immediate inference by privative conception."
Obverted	of Obvert
Obverting	of Obvert
Obvert	To turn toward.
Obviated	of Obviate
Obviating	of Obviate
Obviate	To meet in the way.
Obviate	To anticipate; to prevent by interception; to remove from the way or path; to make unnecessary; as, to obviate the necessity of going.
Obviation	The act of obviating, or the state of being obviated.
Obvious	Opposing; fronting.
Obvious	Exposed; subject; open; liable.
Obvious	Easily discovered, seen, or understood; readily perceived by the eye or the intellect; plain; evident; apparent; as, an obvious meaning; an obvious remark.
Obvolute	Alt. of Obvoluted
Obvoluted	Overlapping; contorted; convolute; -- applied primarily, in botany, to two opposite leaves, each of which has one edge overlapping the nearest edge of the other, and secondarily to a circle of several leaves or petals which thus overlap.
Oby	See Obi.
Oca	A Peruvian name for certain species of Oxalis (O. crenata, and O. tuberosa) which bear edible tubers.
Occamy	An alloy imitating gold or silver.
Occasion	A falling out, happening, or coming to pass; hence, that which falls out or happens; occurrence; incident.
Occasion	A favorable opportunity; a convenient or timely chance; convenience.
Occasion	An occurrence or condition of affairs which brings with it some unlooked-for event; that which incidentally brings to pass an event, without being its efficient cause or sufficient reason; accidental or incidental cause.
Occasion	Need; exigency; requirement; necessity; as, I have no occasion for firearms.
Occasion	A reason or excuse; a motive; a persuasion.
Occasioned	of Occasion
Occasioning	of Occasion
Occasion	To give occasion to; to cause; to produce; to induce; as, to occasion anxiety.
Occasionable	Capable of being occasioned or caused.
Occasional	Of or pertaining to an occasion or to occasions; occuring at times, but not constant, regular, or systematic; made or happening as opportunity requires or admits; casual; incidental; as, occasional remarks, or efforts.
Occasional	Produced by accident; as, the occasional origin of a thing.
Occasionalism	The system of occasional causes; -- a name given to certain theories of the Cartesian school of philosophers, as to the intervention of the First Cause, by which they account for the apparent reciprocal action of the soul and the body.
Occasionality	Quality or state of being occasional; occasional occurrence.
Occasionally	In an occasional manner; on occasion; at times, as convenience requires or opportunity offers; not regularly.
Occasionate	To occasion.
Occasioner	One who, or that which, occasions, causes, or produces.
Occasive	Of or pertaining to the setting sun; falling; descending; western.
Occecation	The act of making blind, or the state of being blind.
Occident	The part of the horizon where the sun last appears in the evening; that part of the earth towards the sunset; the west; -- opposed to orient. Specifically, in former times, Europe as opposed to Asia; now, also, the Western hemisphere.
Occidental	Of, pertaining to, or situated in, the occident, or west; western; -- opposed to oriental; as, occidental climates, or customs; an occidental planet.
Occidental	Possessing inferior hardness, brilliancy, or beauty; -- used of inferior precious stones and gems, because those found in the Orient are generally superior.
Occidentals	Western Christians of the Latin rite.  See Orientals.
Occiduous	Western; occidental.
Occipital	Of or pertaining to the occiput, or back part of the head, or to the occipital bone.
Occipital	The occipital bone.
Occipito-	A combining form denoting relation to, or situation near, the occiput; as, occipito-axial; occipito-mastoid.
Occipitoaxial	Of or pertaining to the occipital bone and second vertebra, or axis.
Occipita	of Occiput
Occiputs	of Occiput
Occiput	The back, or posterior, part of the head or skull; the region of the occipital bone.
Occiput	A plate which forms the back part of the head of insects.
Occision	A killing; the act of killing.
Occlude	To shut up; to close.
Occlude	To take in and retain; to absorb; -- said especially with respect to gases; as iron, platinum, and palladium occlude large volumes of hydrogen.
Occludent	Serving to close; shutting up.
Occludent	That which closes or shuts up.
Occluse	Shut; closed.
Occlusion	The act of occluding, or the state of being occluded.
Occlusion	The transient approximation of the edges of a natural opening; imperforation.
Occrustate	To incrust; to harden.
Occult	Hidden from the eye or the understanding; inviable; secret; concealed; unknown.
Occult	To eclipse; to hide from sight.
Occultation	The hiding of a heavenly body from sight by the intervention of some other of the heavenly bodies; -- applied especially to eclipses of stars and planets by the moon, and to the eclipses of satellites of planets by their primaries.
Occultation	Fig.: The state of being occult.
Occulted	Hidden; secret.
Occulted	Concealed by the intervention of some other heavenly body, as a star by the moon.
Occulting	Same as Occultation.
Occultism	A certain Oriental system of theosophy.
Occultist	An adherent of occultism.
Occultly	In an occult manner.
Occultness	State or quality of being occult.
Occupancy	The act of taking or holding possession; possession; occupation.
Occupant	One who occupies, or takes possession; one who has the actual use or possession, or is in possession, of a thing.
Occupant	A prostitute.
Occupate	To occupy.
Occupation	The act or process of occupying or taking possession; actual possession and control; the state of being occupied; a holding or keeping; tenure; use; as, the occupation of lands by a tenant.
Occupation	That which occupies or engages the time and attention; the principal business of one's life; vocation; employment; calling; trade.
Occupier	One who occupies, or has possession.
Occupier	One who follows an employment; hence, a tradesman.
Occupied	of Occupy
Occupying	of Occupy
Occupy	To take or hold possession of; to hold or keep for use; to possess.
Occupy	To hold, or fill, the dimensions of; to take up the room or space of; to cover or fill; as, the camp occupies five acres of ground.
Occupy	To possess or use the time or capacity of; to engage the service of; to employ; to busy.
Occupy	To do business in; to busy one's self with.
Occupy	To use; to expend; to make use of.
Occupy	To have sexual intercourse with.
Occupy	To hold possession; to be an occupant.
Occupy	To follow business; to traffic.
Occurred	of Occur
Occurring	of Occur
Occur	To meet; to clash.
Occur	To go in order to meet; to make reply.
Occur	To meet one's eye; to be found or met with; to present itself; to offer; to appear; to happen; to take place; as, I will write if opportunity occurs.
Occur	To meet or come to the mind; to suggest itself; to be presented to the imagination or memory.
Occurrence	A coming or happening; as, the occurence of a railway collision.
Occurrence	Any incident or event; esp., one which happens without being designed or expected; as, an unusual occurrence, or the ordinary occurrences of life.
Occurrent	Occurring or happening; hence, incidental; accidental.
Occurrent	One who meets; hence, an adversary.
Occurrent	Anything that happens; an occurrence.
Occurse	Same as Occursion.
Occursion	A meeting; a clash; a collision.
Ocean	The whole body of salt water which covers more than three fifths of the surface of the globe; -- called also the sea, or great sea.
Ocean	One of the large bodies of water into which the great ocean is regarded as divided, as the Atlantic, Pacific, Indian, Arctic and Antarctic oceans.
Ocean	An immense expanse; any vast space or quantity without apparent limits; as, the boundless ocean of eternity; an ocean of affairs.
Ocean	Of or pertaining to the main or great sea; as, the ocean waves; an ocean stream.
Oceanic	Of or pertaining to the ocean; found or formed in or about, or produced by, the ocean; frequenting the ocean, especially mid-ocean.
Oceanic	Of or pertaining to Oceania or its inhabitants.
Oceanography	A description of the ocean.
Oceanology	That branch of science which relates to the ocean.
Oceanus	The god of the great outer sea, or the river which was believed to flow around the whole earth.
Ocellary	Of or pertaining to ocelli.
Ocellate	Same as Ocellated.
Ocellated	Resembling an eye.
Ocellated	Marked with eyelike spots of color; as, the ocellated blenny.
Ocelli	of Ocellus
Ocellus	A little eye; a minute simple eye found in many invertebrates.
Ocellus	An eyelike spot of color, as those on the tail of the peacock.
Oceloid	Resembling the ocelot.
Ocelot	An American feline carnivore (Felis pardalis). It ranges from the Southwestern United States to Patagonia. It is covered with blackish ocellated spots and blotches, which are variously arranged.  The ground color varies from reddish gray to tawny yellow.
Ocher	Alt. of Ochre
Ochre	A impure earthy ore of iron or a ferruginous clay, usually red (hematite) or yellow (limonite), -- used as a pigment in making paints, etc. The name is also applied to clays of other colors.
Ochre	A metallic oxide occurring in earthy form; as, tungstic ocher or tungstite.
Ocherous	Alt. of Ochreous
Ochreous	Of or pertaining to ocher; containing or resembling ocher; as, ocherous matter; ocherous soil.
Ochery	Ocherous.
Ochimy	See Occamy.
Ochlesis	A general morbid condition induced by the crowding together of many persons, esp. sick persons, under one roof.
Ochlocracy	A form of government by the multitude; a mobocracy.
Ochlocratic	Alt. of Ochlocratical
Ochlocratical	Of or pertaining to ochlocracy; having the form or character of an ochlocracy; mobocratic.
Ochraceous	Ocherous.
Ochre	See Ocher.
Ochreaee	of Ochrea
Ochrea	A greave or legging.
Ochrea	A kind of sheath formed by two stipules united round a stem.
Ochreate	Alt. of Ochreated
Ochreated	Wearing or furnished with an ochrea or legging; wearing boots; booted.
Ochreated	Provided with ochrea, or sheathformed stipules, as the rhubarb, yellow dock, and knotgrass.
Ochreous	See Ocherous.
Ochrey	See Ochery.
Ochroleucous	Yellowish white; having a faint tint of dingy yellow.
Ochry	See Ochery.
Ochymy	See Occamy.
-ock	A suffix used to form diminutives; as, bullock, hillock.
Ocra	See Okra.
Ocrea	See Ochrea.
Ocreate	Alt. of Ocreated
Ocreated	Same as Ochreate, Ochreated.
Octa-	A prefix meaning eight. See Octo-.
Octachord	An instrument of eight strings; a system of eight tones.
Octad	An atom or radical which has a valence of eight, or is octavalent.
Octaedral	See Octahedral.
Octaemeron	A fast of eight days before a great festival.
Octagon	A plane figure of eight sides and eight angles.
Octagon	Any structure (as a fortification) or place with eight sides or angles.
Octagonal	Having eight sides and eight angles.
Octagynous	Having eight pistils or styles; octogynous.
Octahedral	Having eight faces or sides; of, pertaining to, or formed in, octahedrons; as, octahedral cleavage.
Octahedrite	Titanium dioxide occurring in acute octahedral crystals.
Octahedron	A solid bounded by eight faces. The regular octahedron is contained by eight equal equilateral triangles.
Octamerous	Having the parts in eights; as, an octamerous flower; octamerous mesenteries in polyps.
Octameter	A verse containing eight feet; as, --//Deep# in|to# the | dark#ness | peer#ing, | long# I | stood# there | wond'#ring, | fear#ing.
Octander	One of the Octandria.
Octandria	A Linnaean class of plants, in which the flowers have eight stamens not united to one another or to the pistil.
Octandrian	Alt. of Octandrous
Octandrous	Of or pertaining to the Octandria; having eight distinct stamens.
Octane	Any one of a group of metametric hydrocarcons (C8H18) of the methane series. The most important is a colorless, volatile, inflammable liquid, found in petroleum, and a constituent of benzene or ligroin.
Octangular	Having eight angles; eight-angled.
Octant	The eighth part of a circle; an arc of 45 degrees.
Octant	The position or aspect of a heavenly body, as the moon or a planet, when half way between conjunction, or opposition, and quadrature, or distant from another body 45 degrees.
Octant	An instrument for measuring angles (generally called a quadrant), having an arc which measures up to 9O¡, but being itself the eighth part of a circle.  Cf. Sextant.
Octant	One of the eight parts into which a space is divided by three coordinate planes.
Octapla	A portion of the Old Testament prepared by Origen in the 3d century, containing the Hebrew text and seven Greek versions of it, arranged in eight parallel columns.
Octaroon	See Octoroon.
Octastyle	See Octostyle.
Octateuch	A collection of eight books; especially, the first eight books of the Old Testament.
Octavalent	Having a valence of eight; capable of being combined with, exchanged for, or compared with, eight atoms of hydrogen; -- said of certain atoms or radicals.
Octave	The eighth day after a church festival, the festival day being included; also, the week following a church festival.
Octave	The eighth tone in the scale; the interval between one and eight of the scale, or any interval of equal length; an interval of five tones and two semitones. 
Octave	The whole diatonic scale itself.
Octave	The first two stanzas of a sonnet, consisting of four verses each; a stanza of eight lines.
Octave	A small cask of wine, the eighth part of a pipe.
Octave	Consisting of eight; eight.
Octavos	of Octavo
Octavo	A book composed of sheets each of which is folded into eight leaves; hence, indicating more or less definitely a size of book so made; -- usually written 8vo or 8¡.
Octavo	Having eight leaves to a sheet; as, an octavo form, book, leaf, size, etc.
Octene	Same as Octylene.
Octennial	Happening every eighth year; also, lasting a period of eight years.
Octet	A composition for eight parts, usually for eight solo instruments or voices.
Octic	Of the eighth degree or order.
Octic	A quantic of the eighth degree.
Octile	Same as Octant, 2.
Octillion	According to the French method of numeration (which method is followed also in the United States) the number expressed by a unit with twenty-seven ciphers annexed.  According to the English method, the number expressed by a unit with forty-eight ciphers annexed. See Numeration.
Octo-	Alt. of Octa-
Octa-	A combining form meaning eight; as in octodecimal, octodecimal, octolocular.
Octoate	A salt of an octoic acid; a caprylate.
October	The tenth month of the year, containing thirty-one days.
October	Ale or cider made in that month.
Octocera	Octocerata.
Octocerata	A suborder of Cephalopoda including Octopus, Argonauta, and allied genera, having eight arms around the head; -- called also Octopoda.
Octochord	See Octachord.
Octodecimo	Having eighteen leaves to a sheet; as, an octodecimo form, book, leaf, size, etc.
Octodecimos	of Octodecimo
Octodecimo	A book composed of sheets each of which is folded into eighteen leaves; hence; indicating more or less definitely a size of book, whose sheets are so folded; -- usually written 18mo or 18¡, and called eighteenmo.
Octodentate	Having eight teeth.
Octodont	Of or pertaining to the Octodontidae, a family of rodents which includes the coypu, and many other South American species.
Octoedrical	See Octahedral.
Octofid	Cleft or separated into eight segments, as a calyx.
Octogamy	A marrying eight times.
Octogenarian	A person eighty years, or more, of age.
Octogenary	Of eighty years of age.
Octogild	A pecuniary compensation for an injury, of eight times the value of the thing.
Octogonal	See Octagonal.
Octogynia	A Linnaean order of plants having eight pistils.
Octogynian	Alt. of Octogynous
Octogynous	Having eight pistils; octagynous.
Octoic	Pertaining to, derived from, or resembling, octane; -- used specifically, to designate any one of a group of acids, the most important of which is called caprylic acid.
Octolocular	Having eight cells for seeds.
Octonaphthene	A colorless liquid hydrocarbon of the octylene series, occurring in Caucasian petroleum.
Octonary	Of or pertaining to the number eight.
Octonocular	Having eight eyes.
Octopede	An animal having eight feet, as a spider.
Octopetalous	Having eight petals or flower leaves.
Octopod	One of the Octocerata.
Octopoda	Same as Octocerata.
Octopoda	Same as Arachnida.
Octopodia	Same as Octocerata.
Octopus	A genus of eight-armed cephalopods, including numerous species, some of them of large size. See Devilfish,
Octoradiated	Having eight rays.
Octoroon	The offspring of a quadroon and a white person; a mestee.
Octospermous	Containing eight seeds.
Octostichous	In eight vertical ranks, as leaves on a stem.
Octostyle	Having eight columns in the front; -- said of a temple or portico. The Parthenon is octostyle, but most large Greek temples are hexastele. See Hexastyle.
Octostyle	An octostyle portico or temple.
Octosyllabic	Alt. of Octosyllabical
Octosyllabical	Consisting of or containing eight syllables.
Octosyllable	Octosyllabic.
Octosyllable	A word of eight syllables.
Octoyl	A hypothetical radical (C8H15O), regarded as the essential residue of octoic acid.
Octroi	A privilege granted by the sovereign authority, as the exclusive right of trade granted to a guild or society; a concession.
Octroi	A tax levied in money or kind at the gate of a French city on articles brought within the walls.
Octuor	See Octet.
Octuple	Eightfold.
Octyl	A hypothetical hydrocarbon radical regarded as an essential residue of octane, and as entering into its derivatives; as, octyl alcohol.
Octylene	Any one of a series of metameric hydrocarbons (C8H16) of the ethylene series. In general they are combustible, colorless liquids.
Octylic	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, octyl; as, octylic ether.
Ocular	Depending on, or perceived by, the eye; received by actual sight; personally seeing or having seen; as, ocular proof.
Ocular	Of or pertaining to the eye; optic.
Ocular	The eyepiece of an optical instrument, as of a telescope or microscope.
Ocularly	By the eye, or by actual sight.
Oculary	Of or pertaining to the eye; ocular; optic; as, oculary medicines.
Oculate	Alt. of Oculated
Oculated	Furnished with eyes.
Oculated	Having spots or holes resembling eyes; ocellated.
Oculiform	In the form of an eye; resembling an eye; as, an oculiform pebble.
Oculina	A genus of tropical corals, usually branched, and having a very volid texture.
Oculinacea	A suborder of corals including many reef-building species, having round, starlike calicles.
Oculist	One skilled in treating diseases of the eye.
Oculo-	A combining form from L. oculus the eye.
Oculomotor	Of or pertaining to the movement of the eye; -- applied especially to the common motor nerves (or third pair of cranial nerves) which supply many of the muscles of the orbit.
Oculomotor	The oculomotor nerve.
Oculonasal	Of or pertaining to the region of the eye and the nose; as, the oculonasal, or nasal, nerve, one of the branches of the ophthalmic.
Oculi	of Oculus
Oculus	An eye; (Bot.) a leaf bud.
Oculus	A round window, usually a small one.
Ocypodian	One of a tribe of crabs which live in holes in the sand along the seashore, and run very rapidly, -- whence the name.
Od	An alleged force or natural power, supposed, by Reichenbach and others, to produce the phenomena of mesmerism, and to be developed by various agencies, as by magnets, heat, light, chemical or vital action, etc.; -- called also odyle or the odylic force.
Odalisque	A female slave or concubine in the harem of the Turkish sultan.
Odd	Not paired with another, or remaining over after a pairing; without a mate; unmatched; single; as, an odd shoe; an odd glove.
Odd	Not divisible by 2 without a remainder; not capable of being evenly paired, one unit with another; as, 1, 3, 7, 9, 11, etc., are odd numbers.
Odd	Left over after a definite round number has been taken or mentioned; indefinitely, but not greatly, exceeding a specified number; extra.
Odd	Remaining over; unconnected; detached; fragmentary; hence, occasional; inconsiderable; as, odd jobs; odd minutes; odd trifles.
Odd	Different from what is usual or common; unusual; singular; peculiar; unique; strange.
Odd Fellow	A member of a secret order, or fraternity, styled the Independent Order of Odd Fellows, established for mutual aid and social enjoyment.
Oddities	of Oddity
Oddity	The quality or state of being odd; singularity; queerness; peculiarity; as, oddity of dress, manners, and the like.
Oddity	That which is odd; as, a collection of oddities.
Oddly	In an odd manner; unevently.
Oddly	In a peculiar manner; strangely; queerly; curiously.
Oddly	In a manner measured by an odd number.
Oddness	The state of being odd, or not even.
Oddness	Singularity; strangeness; eccentricity; irregularity; uncouthness; as, the oddness of dress or shape; the oddness of an event.
Odds	Difference in favor of one and against another; excess of one of two things or numbers over the other; inequality; advantage; superiority; hence, excess of chances; probability.
Odds	Quarrel; dispute; debate; strife; -- chiefly in the phrase at odds.
Ode	A short poetical composition proper to be set to music or sung; a lyric poem; esp., now, a poem characterized by sustained noble sentiment and appropriate dignity of style.
Odelet	A little or short ode.
Odeon	A kind of theater in ancient Greece, smaller than the dramatic theater and roofed over, in which poets and musicians submitted their works to the approval of the public, and contended for prizes; -- hence, in modern usage, the name of a hall for musical or dramatic performances.
Odeum	See Odeon.
Odible	Fitted to excite hatred; hateful.
Odic	Of or pertaining to od. See Od.
Odin	The supreme deity of the Scandinavians; -- the same as Woden, of the German tribes.
Odinic	Of or pertaining to Odin.
Odious	Hateful; deserving or receiving hatred; as, an odious name, system, vice.
Odious	Causing or provoking hatred, repugnance, or disgust; offensive; disagreeable; repulsive; as, an odious sight; an odious smell.
Odist	A writer of an ode or odes.
Odium	Hatred; dislike; as, his conduct brought him into odium, or, brought odium upon him.
Odium	The quality that provokes hatred; offensiveness.
Odized	of Odize
Odizing	of Odize
Odize	To charge with od. See Od.
Odmyl	A volatile liquid obtained by boiling sulphur with linseed oil. It has an unpleasant garlic odor.
Odometer	An instrument attached to the wheel of a vehicle, to measure the distance traversed; also, a wheel used by surveyors, which registers the miles and rods traversed.
Odometrical	Of or pertaining to the odometer, or to measurements made with it.
Odometrous	Serving to measure distance on a road.
Odometry	Measurement of distances by the odometer.
Odonata	The division of insects that includes the dragon flies.
Odontalgia	Toothache.
Odontalgic	Of or pertaining to odontalgia.
Odontalgic	A remedy for the toothache.
Odontalgy	Same as Odontalgia.
Odontiasis	Cutting of the teeth; dentition.
Odonto-	A combining form from Gr. 'odoy`s, 'odo`ntos, a tooth.
Odontoblast	One of the more or less columnar cells on the outer surface of the pulp of a tooth; an odontoplast. They are supposed to be connected with the formation of dentine.
Odontoblast	One of the cells which secrete the chitinous teeth of Mollusca.
Odontocete	A subdivision of Cetacea, including the sperm whale, dolphins, etc.; the toothed whales.
Odontogeny	Generetion, or mode of development, of the teeth.
Odontograph	An instrument for marking or laying off the outlines of teeth of gear wheels.
Odontographic	Of or pertaining to odontography.
Odontography	A description of the teeth.
Odontoid	Having the form of a tooth; toothlike.
Odontoid	Of or pertaining to the odontoid bone or to the odontoid process.
Odontolcae	An extinct order of ostrichlike aquatic birds having teeth, which are set in a groove in the jaw. It includes Hesperornis, and allied genera. See Hesperornis.
Odontolite	A fossil tooth colored a bright blue by phosphate of iron. It is used as an imitation of turquoise, and hence called bone turquoise.
Odontology	The science which treats of the teeth, their structure and development.
Odontophora	Same as Cephalophora.
Odontophore	A special structure found in the mouth of most mollusks, except bivalves. It consists of several muscles and a cartilage which supports a chitinous radula, or lingual ribbon, armed with teeth.  Also applied to the radula alone. See Radula.
Odontophorous	Having an odontophore.
Odontoplast	An odontoblast.
Odontopteryx	An extinct Eocene bird having the jaws strongly serrated, or dentated, but destitute of true teeth. It was found near London.
Odontornithes	A group of Mesozoic birds having the jaws armed with teeth, as in most other vertebrates. They have been divided into three orders: Odontolcae, Odontotormae, and Saururae.
Odontostomatous	Having toothlike mandibles; -- applied to certain insects.
Odontotormae	An order of extinct toothed birds having the teeth in sockets, as in the genus Ichthyornis. See Ichthyornis.
Odor	Any smell, whether fragrant or offensive; scent; perfume.
Odorament	A perfume; a strong scent.
Odorant	Yielding odors; fragrant.
Odorate	Odorous.
Odorating	Diffusing odor or scent; fragrant.
Odoriferous	Bearing or yielding an odor; perfumed; usually, sweet of scent; fragrant; as, odoriferous spices, particles, fumes, breezes.
Odorline	A pungent oily substance obtained by redistilling bone oil.
Odorless	Free from odor.
Odorous	Having or emitting an odor or scent, esp. a sweet odor; fragrant; sweet-smelling.
Ods	A corruption of God's; -- formerly used in oaths and ejaculatory phrases.
Odyl	Alt. of Odyle
Odyle	See Od. [Archaic].
Odylic	Of or pertaining to odyle; odic; as, odylic force.
Odyssey	An epic poem attributed to Homer, which describes the return of Ulysses to Ithaca after the siege of Troy.
Oe	a diphthong, employed in the Latin language, and thence in the English language, as the representative of the Greek diphthong oi. In many words in common use, e alone stands instead of /. Classicists prefer to write the diphthong oe separate in Latin words.
Oecoid	The colorless porous framework, or stroma, of red blood corpuscles from which the zooid, or hemoglobin and other substances of the corpuscles, may be dissolved out.
Oecology	The various relations of animals and plants to one another and to the outer world.
Oeconomical	See Economical.
Oeconomics	See Economics.
Oeconomy	See Economy.
Oecumenical	See Ecumenical.
Oedema	A swelling from effusion of watery fluid in the cellular tissue beneath the skin or mucous membrance; dropsy of the subcutaneous cellular tissue.
Oedematous	Pertaining to, or of the nature of, edema; affected with edema.
Oeiliad	Alt. of Oeillade
Oeillade	A glance of the eye; an amorous look.
Oelet	An eye, bud, or shoot, as of a plant; an oilet.
Oenanthate	A salt of the supposed /nanthic acid.
Oenanthic	Having, or imparting, the odor characteristic of the bouquet of wine; specifically used, formerly, to designate an acid whose ethereal salts were supposed to occasion the peculiar bouquet, or aroma, of old wine.  Cf. Oenanthylic.
Oenanthol	An oily substance obtained by the distillation of castor oil, recognized as the aldehyde of oenanthylic acid, and hence called also oenanthaldehyde.
Oenanthone	The ketone of oenanthic acid.
Oenanthyl	A hydrocarbon radical formerly supposed to exist in oenanthic acid, now known to be identical with heptyl.
Oenanthylate	A salt of /nanthylic acid; as, potassium oenanthylate.
Oenanthylic	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, oenanthyl; specifically, designating an acid formerly supposed to be identical with the acid in oenanthic ether, but now known to be identical with heptoic acid.
Oenanthylidene	A colorless liquid hydrocarbon, having a garlic odor; heptine.
Oenanthylous	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid formerly supposed to be the acid of oenanthylic ether, but now known to be a mixture of higher acids, especially capric acid.
Oenocyan	The coloring matter of red wines.
Oenology	Knowledge of wine, scientific or practical.
Oenomania	Delirium tremens.
Oenomania	Dipsomania.
Oenomel	Wine mixed with honey; mead,
Oenometer	See Alcoholometer.
Oenophilist	A lover of wine.
Oenothionic	Pertaining to an acid now called sulphovinic, / ethyl sulphuric, acid.
O'er	A contr. of Over.
Oesophagus	Alt. of Oesophageal
Oesophageal	Same as Esophagus, Esophageal, etc.
Oestrian	Of or pertaining to the gadflies.
Oestrian	A gadfly.
Oestrual	Of or pertaining to sexual desire; -- mostly applied to brute animals; as, the oestrual period; oestrual influence.
Oestruation	The state of being under oestrual influence, or of having sexual desire.
Oestrus	A genus of gadflies. The species which deposits its larvae in the nasal cavities of sheep is oestrus ovis.
Oestrus	A vehement desire; esp. (Physiol.), the periodical sexual impulse of animals; heat; rut.
Of	In a general sense, from, or out from; proceeding from; belonging to; relating to; concerning; -- used in a variety of applications; as:
Of	Denoting that from which anything proceeds; indicating origin, source, descent, and the like; as, he is of a race of kings; he is of noble blood.
Of	Denoting possession or ownership, or the relation of subject to attribute; as, the apartment of the consul: the power of the king; a man of courage; the gate of heaven.
Of	Denoting the material of which anything is composed, or that which it contains; as, a throne of gold; a sword of steel; a wreath of mist; a cup of water.
Of	Denoting part of an aggregate or whole; belonging to a number or quantity mentioned; out of; from amongst; as, of this little he had some to spare; some of the mines were unproductive; most of the company.
Of	Denoting that by which a person or thing is actuated or impelled; also, the source of a purpose or action; as, they went of their own will; no body can move of itself; he did it of necessity.
Of	Denoting reference to a thing; about; concerning; relating to; as, to boast of one's achievements.
Of	Denoting nearness or distance, either in space or time; from; as, within a league of the town; within an hour of the appointed time.
Of	Denoting identity or equivalence; -- used with a name or appellation, and equivalent to the relation of apposition; as, the continent of America; the city of Rome; the Island of Cuba.
Of	Denoting the agent, or person by whom, or thing by which, anything is, or is done; by.
Of	Denoting relation to place or time; belonging to, or connected with; as, men of Athens; the people of the Middle Ages; in the days of Herod.
Of	Denoting passage from one state to another; from.
Of	During; in the course of.
Off	In a general sense, denoting from or away from; as:
Off	Denoting distance or separation; as, the house is a mile off.
Off	Denoting the action of removing or separating; separation; as, to take off the hat or cloak; to cut off, to pare off, to clip off, to peel off, to tear off, to march off, to fly off, and the like.
Off	Denoting a leaving, abandonment, departure, abatement, interruption, or remission; as, the fever goes off; the pain goes off; the game is off; all bets are off.
Off	Denoting a different direction; not on or towards: away; as, to look off.
Off	Denoting opposition or negation.
Off	Away; begone; -- a command to depart.
Off	Not on; away from; as, to be off one's legs or off the bed; two miles off the shore.
Off	On the farther side; most distant; on the side of an animal or a team farthest from the driver when he is on foot; in the United States, the right side; as, the off horse or ox in a team, in distinction from the nigh or near horse or ox; the off leg.
Off	Designating a time when one is not strictly attentive to business or affairs, or is absent from his post, and, hence, a time when affairs are not urgent; as, he took an off day for fishing: an off year in politics.
Off	The side of the field that is on the right of the wicket keeper.
Offal	The rejected or waste parts of a butchered animal.
Offal	A dead body; carrion.
Offal	That which is thrown away as worthless or unfit for use; refuse; rubbish.
Offcut	That which is cut off.
Offcut	A portion ofthe printed sheet, in certain sizes of books, that is cut off before folding.
Offence	See Offense.
Offended	of Offend
Offending	of Offend
Offend	To strike against; to attack; to assail.
Offend	To displease; to make angry; to affront.
Offend	To be offensive to; to harm; to pain; to annoy; as, strong light offends the eye; to offend the conscience.
Offend	To transgress; to violate; to sin against.
Offend	To oppose or obstruct in duty; to cause to stumble; to cause to sin or to fall.
Odfend	To transgress the moral or divine law; to commit a crime; to stumble; to sin.
Odfend	To cause dislike, anger, or vexation; to displease.
Offendant	An offender.
Offender	One who offends; one who violates any law, divine or human; a wrongdoer.
Offendress	A woman who offends.
Offense	Alt. of Offence
Offence	The act of offending in any sense; esp., a crime or a sin, an affront or an injury.
Offence	The state of being offended or displeased; anger; displeasure.
Offence	A cause or occasion of stumbling or of sin.
Offenseful	Causing offense; displeasing; wrong; as, an offenseful act.
Offenseless	Unoffending; inoffensive.
Offensible	That may give offense.
Offension	Assault; attack.
Offensive	Giving offense; causing displeasure or resentment; displeasing; annoying; as, offensive words.
Offensive	Giving pain or unpleasant sensations; disagreeable; revolting; noxious; as, an offensive smell; offensive sounds.
Offensive	Making the first attack; assailant; aggressive; hence, used in attacking; -- opposed to defensive; as, an offensive war; offensive weapons.
Offensive	The state or posture of one who offends or makes attack; aggressive attitude; the act of the attacking party; -- opposed to defensive.
Offered	of Offer
Offering	of Offer
Offer	To present, as an act of worship; to immolate; to sacrifice; to present in prayer or devotion; -- often with up.
Offer	To bring to or before; to hold out to; to present for acceptance or rejection; as, to offer a present, or a bribe; to offer one's self in marriage.
Offer	To present in words; to proffer; to make a proposal of; to suggest; as, to offer an opinion. With the infinitive as an objective: To make an offer; to declare one's willingness; as, he offered to help me.
Offer	To attempt; to undertake.
Offer	To bid, as a price, reward, or wages; as, to offer a guinea for a ring; to offer a salary or reward.
Offer	To put in opposition to; to manifest in an offensive way; to threaten; as, to offer violence, attack, etc.
Offer	To present itself; to be at hand.
Offer	To make an attempt; to make an essay or a trial; -- used with at.
Offer	The act of offering, bringing forward, proposing, or bidding; a proffer; a first advance.
Offer	That which is offered or brought forward; a proposal to be accepted or rejected; a sum offered; a bid.
Offer	Attempt; endeavor; essay; as, he made an offer to catch the ball.
Offerable	Capable of being offered; suitable or worthy to be offered.
Offerer	One who offers; esp., one who offers something to God in worship.
Offering	The act of an offerer; a proffering.
Offering	That which is offered, esp. in divine service; that which is presented as an expiation or atonement for sin, or as a free gift; a sacrifice; an oblation; as, sin offering.
Offering	A sum of money offered, as in church service; as, a missionary offering. Specif.: (Ch. of Eng.) Personal tithes payable according to custom, either at certain seasons as Christmas or Easter, or on certain occasions as marriages or christenings.
Offertories	of Offertory
Offertory	The act of offering, or the thing offered.
Offertory	An anthem chanted, or a voluntary played on the organ, during the offering and first part of the Mass.
Offertory	That part of the Mass which the priest reads before uncovering the chalice to offer up the elements for consecration.
Offertory	The oblation of the elements.
Offertory	The Scripture sentences said or sung during the collection of the offerings.
Offertory	The offerings themselves.
Offerture	Offer; proposal; overture.
Offhand	Instant; ready; extemporaneous; as, an offhand speech; offhand excuses.
Offhand	In an offhand manner; as, he replied offhand.
Office	That which a person does, either voluntarily or by appointment, for, or with reference to, others; customary duty, or a duty that arises from the relations of man to man; as, kind offices, pious offices.
Office	A special duty, trust, charge, or position, conferred by authority and for a public purpose; a position of trust or authority; as, an executive or judical office; a municipal office.
Office	A charge or trust, of a sacred nature, conferred by God himself; as, the office of a priest under the old dispensation, and that of the apostles in the new.
Office	That which is performed, intended, or assigned to be done, by a particular thing, or that which anything is fitted to perform; a function; -- answering to duty in intelligent beings.
Office	The place where a particular kind of business or service for others is transacted; a house or apartment in which public officers and others transact business; as, the register's office; a lawyer's office.
Office	The company or corporation, or persons collectively, whose place of business is in an office; as, I have notified the office.
Office	The apartments or outhouses in which the domestics discharge the duties attached to the service of a house, as kitchens, pantries, stables, etc.
Office	Any service other than that of ordination and the Mass; any prescribed religious service.
Office	To perform, as the duties of an office; to discharge.
Officeholder	An officer, particularly one in the civil service; a placeman.
Officer	One who holds an office; a person lawfully invested with an office, whether civil, military, or ecclesiastical; as, a church officer; a police officer; a staff officer.
Officer	Specifically, a commissioned officer, in distinction from a warrant officer.
Officered	of Officer
Officering	of Officer
Officer	To furnish with officers; to appoint officers over.
Officer	To command as an officer; as, veterans from old regiments officered the recruits.
Official	Of or pertaining to an office or public trust; as, official duties, or routine.
Official	Derived from the proper office or officer, or from the proper authority; made or communicated by virtue of authority; as, an official statement or report.
Official	Approved by authority; sanctioned by the pharmacopoeia; appointed to be used in medicine; as, an official drug or preparation.  Cf. Officinal.
Official	Discharging an office or function.
Official	One who holds an office; esp., a subordinate executive officer or attendant.
Official	An ecclesiastical judge appointed by a bishop, chapter, archdeacon, etc., with charge of the spiritual jurisdiction.
Officialism	The state of being official; a system of official government; also, adherence to office routine; red-tapism.
Officialily	See Officialty.
Officially	By the proper officer; by virtue of the proper authority; in pursuance of the special powers vested in an officer or office; as, accounts or reports officially vertified or rendered; letters officially communicated; persons officially notified.
Officialty	The charge, office, court, or jurisdiction of an official.
Officiant	The officer who officiates or performs an office, as the burial office.
Officiary	Of or pertaining to an office or an officer; official.
Officiated	of Officiate
Officiating	of Officiate
Officiate	To act as an officer in performing a duty; to transact the business of an office or public trust; to conduct a public service.
Officiate	To discharge, perform, or supply, as an official duty or function.
Officiator	One who officiates.
Officinal	Used in a shop, or belonging to it.
Officinal	Kept in stock by apothecaries; -- said of such drugs and medicines as may be obtained without special preparation or compounding; not magistral.
Officious	Pertaining to, or being in accordance with, duty.
Officious	Disposed to serve; kind; obliging.
Officious	Importunately interposing services; intermeddling in affairs in which one has no concern; meddlesome.
Offing	That part of the sea at a good distance from the shore, or where there is deep water and no need of a pilot; also, distance from the shore; as, the ship had ten miles offing; we saw a ship in the offing.
Offish	Shy or distant in manner.
Offlet	A pipe to let off water.
Offscouring	That which is scoured off; hence, refuse; rejected matter; that which is vile or despised.
Offscum	Removed scum; refuse; dross.
Offset	In general, that which is set off, from, before, or against, something
Offset	A short prostrate shoot, which takes root and produces a tuft of leaves, etc. See Illust. of Houseleek.
Offset	A sum, account, or value set off against another sum or account, as an equivalent; hence, anything which is given in exchange or retaliation; a set-off.
Offset	A spur from a range of hills or mountains.
Offset	A horizontal ledge on the face of a wall, formed by a diminution of its thickness, or by the weathering or upper surface of a part built out from it; -- called also set-off.
Offset	A short distance measured at right angles from a line actually run to some point in an irregular boundary, or to some object.
Offset	An abrupt bend in an object, as a rod, by which one part is turned aside out of line, but nearly parallel, with the rest; the part thus bent aside.
Offset	A more or less distinct transfer of a printed page or picture to the opposite page, when the pages are pressed together before the ink is dry or when it is poor.
Offset	of Offset
Offsetting	of Offset
Offset	To set off; to place over against; to balance; as, to offset one account or charge against another.
Offset	To form an offset in, as in a wall, rod, pipe, etc.
Offset	To make an offset.
Offshoot	That which shoots off or separates from a main stem, channel, family, race, etc.; as, the offshoots of a tree.
Offshore	From the shore; as, an offshore wind; an offshore signal.
Offskip	That part of a landscape which recedes from the spectator into distance.
Offspring	The act of production; generation.
Offspring	That which is produced; a child or children; a descendant or descendants, however remote from the stock.
Offspring	Origin; lineage; family.
Offuscate	Alt. of Offuscation
Offuscation	See Obfuscate, Obfuscation.
Oft	Often; frequently; not rarely; many times.
Oft	Frequent; often; repeated.
Often	Frequently; many times; not seldom.
Often	Frequent; common; repeated.
Oftenness	Frequency.
Oftensith	Frequently; often.
Oftentide	Frequently; often.
Oftentimes	Frequently; often; many times.
Ofter	Compar. of Oft.
Ofttimes	Frequently; often.
Ogam	Same as Ogham.
Ogdoad	A thing made up of eight parts.
Ogdoastich	A poem of eight lines.
Ogee	A molding, the section of which is the form of the letter S, with the convex part above; cyma reversa. See Illust. under Cyma.
Ogee	Hence, any similar figure used for any purpose.
Ogeechee lime	The acid, olive-shaped, drupaceous fruit of a species of tupelo (Nyssa capitata) which grows in swamps in Georgia and Florida.
Ogeechee lime	The tree which bears this fruit.
Ogganition	Snarling; grumbling.
Ogham	A particular kind of writing practiced by the ancient Irish, and found in inscriptions on stones, metals, etc.
Ogive	The arch or rib which crosses a Gothic vault diagonally.
Ogled	of Ogle
Ogling	of Ogle
Ogle	To view or look at with side glances, as in fondness, or with a design to attract notice.
Ogle	An amorous side glance or look.
Ogler	One who ogles.
Oglio	See Olio.
Ogre	An imaginary monster, or hideous giant of fairy tales, who lived on human beings; hence, any frightful giant; a cruel monster.
Ogreish	Resembling an ogre; having the character or appearance of an ogre; suitable for an ogre.
Ogress	A female ogre.
Ogreism	Alt. of Ogrism
Ogrism	The character or manners of an ogre.
Ogygian	Of or pertaining to Ogyges, a mythical king of ancient Attica, or to a great deluge in Attica in his days; hence, primeval; of obscure antiquity.
Oh	An exclamation expressing various emotions, according to the tone and manner, especially surprise, pain, sorrow, anxiety, or a wish. See the Note under O.
Ohm	The standard unit in the measure of electrical resistance, being the resistance of a circuit in which a potential difference of one volt produces a current of one ampere. As defined by the International Electrical Congress in 1893, and by United States Statute, it is a resistance substantially equal to 109 units of resistance of the C.G.S. system of electro-magnetic units, and is represented by the resistance offered to an unvarying electric current by a column of mercury at the temperature of melting ice 14.4521 grams in mass, of a constant cross-sectional area, and of the length of 106.3 centimeters. As thus defined it is called the international ohm.
Oho	An exclamation of surprise, etc.
-oid	A suffix or combining form meaning like, resembling, in the form of; as in anthropoid, asteroid, spheroid.
Oidium	A genus of minute fungi which form a floccose mass of filaments on decaying fruit, etc. Many forms once referred to this genus are now believed to be temporary conditions of fungi of other genera, among them the vine mildew (Oidium Tuckeri), which has caused much injury to grapes.
Oil	Any one of a great variety of unctuous combustible substances, not miscible with water; as, olive oil, whale oil, rock oil, etc.  They are of animal, vegetable, or mineral origin and of varied composition, and they are variously used for food, for solvents, for anointing, lubrication, illumination, etc. By extension, any substance of an oily consistency; as, oil of vitriol.
Oiled	of Oil
Oiling	of Oil
Oil	To smear or rub over with oil; to lubricate with oil; to anoint with oil.
Oilbird	See Guacharo.
Oilcloth	Cloth treated with oil or paint, and used for marking garments, covering floors, etc.
Oiled	Covered or treated with oil; dressed with, or soaked in, oil.
Oiler	One who deals in oils.
Oiler	One who, or that which, oils.
Oilery	The business, the place of business, or the goods, of a maker of, or dealer in, oils.
Oiliness	The quality of being oily.
Oillet	A small opening or loophole, sometimes circular, used in mediaeval fortifications.
Oillet	A small circular opening, and ring of moldings surrounding it, used in window tracery in Gothic architecture.
Oilmen	of Oilman
Oilman	One who deals in oils; formerly, one who dealt in oils and pickles.
Oilnut	The buffalo nut. See Buffalo nut, under Buffalo.
Oilseed	Seed from which oil is expressed, as the castor bean; also, the plant yielding such seed. See Castor bean.
Oilseed	A cruciferous herb (Camelina sativa).
Oilseed	The sesame.
Oilskin	Cloth made waterproof by oil.
Oilstone	A variety of hone slate, or whetstone, used for whetting tools when lubricated with oil.
Oily	Consisting of oil; containing oil; having the nature or qualities of oil; unctuous; oleaginous; as, oily matter or substance.
Oily	Covered with oil; greasy; hence, resembling oil; as, an oily appearance.
Oily	Smoothly subservient; supple; compliant; plausible; insinuating.
Oinement	Ointment.
Oinomania	See oenomania.
Ointed	of Oint
Ointing	of Oint
Oint	To anoint.
Ointment	That which serves to anoint; any soft unctuous substance used for smearing or anointing; an unguent.
Ojibways	Same as Chippeways.
Ojo	A spring, surrounded by rushes or rank grass; an oasis.
Oke	A Turkish and Egyptian weight, equal to about 2/ pounds.
Oke	An Hungarian and Wallachian measure, equal to about 2/ pints.
Okenite	A massive and fibrous mineral of a whitish color, chiefly hydrous silicate of lime.
Oker	See Ocher.
Okra	An annual plant (Abelmoschus, / Hibiscus, esculentus), whose green pods, abounding in nutritious mucilage, are much used for soups, stews, or pickles; gumbo.
-ol	A suffix denoting that the substance in the name of which it appears belongs to the series of alcohols or hydroxyl derivatives, as carbinol, glycerol, etc.
Olay	Palm leaves, prepared for being written upon with a style pointed with steel.
Old	Open country.
Old	Not young; advanced far in years or life; having lived till toward the end of the ordinary term of living; as, an old man; an old age; an old horse; an old tree.
Old	Not new or fresh; not recently made or produced; having existed for a long time; as, old wine; an old friendship.
Old	Formerly existing; ancient; not modern; preceding; original; as, an old law; an old custom; an old promise.
Old	Continued in life; advanced in the course of existence; having (a certain) length of existence; -- designating the age of a person or thing; as, an infant a few hours old; a cathedral centuries old.
Old	Long practiced; hence, skilled; experienced; cunning; as, an old offender; old in vice.
Old	Long cultivated; as, an old farm; old land, as opposed to new land, that is, to land lately cleared.
Old	Worn out; weakened or exhausted by use; past usefulness; as, old shoes; old clothes.
Old	More than enough; abundant.
Old	Aged; antiquated; hence, wanting in the mental vigor or other qualities belonging to youth; -- used disparagingly as a term of reproach.
Old	Old-fashioned; wonted; customary; as of old; as, the good old times; hence, colloquially, gay; jolly.
Old	Used colloquially as a term of cordiality and familiarity.
Olden	Old; ancient; as, the olden time.
Olden	To grow old; to age.
Old-fashioned	Formed according to old or obsolete fashion or pattern; adhering to old customs or ideas; as, an old-fashioned dress, girl.
Old-gentlemanly	Pertaining to an old gentleman, or like one.
Oldish	Somewhat old.
Old lang syne	See Auld lang syne.
Old-maidish	Like an old maid; prim; precise; particular.
Old-maidism	The condition or characteristics of an old maid.
Oldness	The state or quality of being old; old age.
Oldster	An old person.
Old-womanish	Like an old woman; anile.
Olea	A genus of trees including the olive.
Oleaceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a natural order of plants (Oleaceae), mostly trees and shrubs, of which the olive is the type. It includes also the ash, the lilac, the true jasmine, and fringe tree.
Oleaginous	Having the nature or qualities of oil; oily; unctuous.
Oleaginousness	Oiliness.
Oleamen	A soft ointment prepared from oil.
Oleander	A beautiful evergreen shrub of the Dogbane family, having clusters of fragrant red or white flowers. It is native of the East Indies, but the red variety has become common in the south of Europe. Called also rosebay, rose laurel, and South-sea rose.
Oleandrine	One of several alkaloids found in the leaves of the oleander.
Oleaster	The wild olive tree (Olea Europea, var. sylvestris).
Oleaster	Any species of the genus Elaeagus. See Eleagnus. The small silvery berries of the common species (Elaeagnus hortensis) are called Trebizond dates, and are made into cakes by the Arabs.
Oleate	A salt of oleic acid. Some oleates, as the oleate of mercury, are used in medicine by way of inunction.
Olecranal	Of or pertaining to the olecranon.
Olecranon	The large process at the proximal end of the ulna which projects behind the articulation with the humerus and forms the bony prominence of the elbow.
Olefiant	Forming or producing an oil; specifically, designating a colorless gaseous hydrocarbon called ethylene.
Olefine	Olefiant gas, or ethylene; hence, by extension, any one of the series of unsaturated hydrocarbons of which ethylene is a type. See Ethylene.
Oleic	Pertaining to, derived from, or contained in, oil; as, oleic acid, an acid of the acrylic acid series found combined with glyceryl in the form of olein in certain animal and vegetable fats and oils, such as sperm oil, olive oil, etc. At low temperatures the acid is crystalline, but melts to an oily liquid above 14/ C.
Oleiferous	Producing oil; as, oleiferous seeds.
Olein	A fat, liquid at ordinary temperatures, but solidifying at temperatures below 0¡ C., found abundantly in both the animal and vegetable kingdoms (see Palmitin). It dissolves solid fats, especially at 30-40¡ C. Chemically, olein is a glyceride of oleic acid; and, as three molecules of the acid are united to one molecule of glyceryl to form the fat, it is technically known as triolein. It is also called elain.
Olent	Scented.
Oleograph	The form or figure assumed by a drop of oil when placed upon water or some other liquid with which it does not mix.
Oleograph	A picture produced in oils by a process analogous to that of lithographic printing.
Oleomargarine	A liquid oil made from animal fats (esp. beef fat) by separating the greater portion of the solid fat or stearin, by crystallization. It is mainly a mixture of olein and palmitin with some little stearin.
Oleomargarine	An artificial butter made by churning this oil with more or less milk.
Oleometer	An instrument for ascertaining the weight and purity of oil; an elaiometer.
Oleone	An oily liquid, obtained by distillation of calcium oleate, and probably consisting of the ketone of oleic acid.
Oleoptene	See Eleoptene.
Oleoresin	A natural mixture of a terebinthinate oil and a resin.
Oleoresin	A liquid or semiliquid preparation extracted (as from capsicum, cubebs, or ginger) by means of ether, and consisting of fixed or volatile oil holding resin in solution.
Oleose	Alt. of Oleous
Oleous	Oily.
Oleosity	The state or quality of being oily or fat; fatness.
Oleraceous	Pertaining to pot herbs; of the nature or having the qualities of herbs for cookery; esculent.
Olf	The European bullfinch.
Olfaction	The sense by which the impressions made on the olfactory organs by the odorous particles in the atmosphere are perceived.
Olfactive	See Olfactory, a.
Olfactor	A smelling organ; a nose.
Olfactory	Of, pertaining to, or connected with, the sense of smell; as, the olfactory nerves; the olfactory cells.
Olfactories	of Olfactory
Olfactory	An olfactory organ; also, the sense of smell; -- usually in the plural.
Oliban	See Olibanum.
Olibanum	The fragrant gum resin of various species of Boswellia; Oriental frankincense.
Olibene	A colorless mobile liquid of a pleasant aromatic odor obtained by the distillation of olibanum, or frankincense, and regarded as a terpene; -- called also conimene.
Olid	Alt. of Olidous
Olidous	Having a strong, disagreeable smell; fetid.
Olifant	An elephant.
Olifant	An ancient horn, made of ivory.
Oligandrous	Having few stamens.
Oliganthous	Having few flowers.
Oligarch	A member of an oligarchy; one of the rulers in an oligarchical government.
Oligarchal	Oligarchic.
Oligarchic	Alt. of Oligarchical
Oligarchical	Of or pertaining to oligarchy, or government by a few.
Oligarchist	An advocate or supporter of oligarchy.
Oligarchies	of Oligarchy
Oligarchy	A form of government in which the supreme power is placed in the hands of a few persons; also, those who form the ruling few.
Oligist	Hematite or specular iron ore; -- prob. so called in allusion to its feeble magnetism, as compared with magnetite.
Oligist	Alt. of Oligistic
Oligistic	Of or pertaining to hematite.
Oligo-	A combining form from Gr. /, few, little, small.
Oligocene	Of, pertaining to, or designating, certain strata which occupy an intermediate position between the Eocene and Miocene periods.
Oligocene	The Oligocene period. See the Chart of Geology.
Oligochaeta	An order of Annelida which includes the earthworms and related species.
Oligochete	Of or pertaining to the Oligochaeta.
Oligoclase	A triclinic soda-lime feldspar. See Feldspar.
Oligomerous	Having few members in each set of organs; as, an oligomerous flower.
Oligomyold	Having few or imperfect syringeal muscles; -- said of some passerine birds (Oligomyodi).
Oligopetalous	Having few petals.
Oligosepalous	Having few sepals.
Oligosiderite	A meteorite characterized by the presence of but a small amount of metallic iron.
Oligospermous	Having few seeds.
Oligotokous	Producing few young.
Olio	A dish of stewed meat of different kinds.
Olio	A mixture; a medley.
Olio	A collection of miscellaneous pieces.
Olitory	Of or pertaining to, or produced in, a kitchen garden; used for kitchen purposes; as, olitory seeds.
Oliva	A genus of polished marine gastropod shells, chiefly tropical, and often beautifully colored.
Olivaceous	Resembling the olive; of the color of the olive; olive-green.
Olivary	Like an olive.
Olivaster	Of the color of the olive; tawny.
Olive	A tree (Olea Europaea) with small oblong or elliptical leaves, axillary clusters of flowers, and oval, one-seeded drupes. The tree has been cultivated for its fruit for thousands of years, and its branches are the emblems of peace. The wood is yellowish brown and beautifully variegated.
Olive	The fruit of the olive. It has been much improved by cultivation, and is used for making pickles. Olive oil is pressed from its flesh.
Olive	Any shell of the genus Oliva and allied genera; -- so called from the form. See Oliva.
Olive	The oyster catcher.
Olive	The color of the olive, a peculiar dark brownish, yellowish, or tawny green.
Olive	One of the tertiary colors, composed of violet and green mixed in equal strength and proportion.
Olive	An olivary body. See under Olivary.
Olive	A small slice of meat seasoned, rolled up, and cooked; as, olives of beef or veal.
Olive	Approaching the color of the olive; of a peculiar dark brownish, yellowish, or tawny green.
Olived	Decorated or furnished with olive trees.
Olivenite	An olive-green mineral, a hydrous arseniate of copper; olive ore.
Oliver	An olive grove.
Oliver	An olive tree.
Oliver	A small tilt hammer, worked by the foot.
Oliverian	An adherent of Oliver Cromwell.
Olivewood	The wood of the olive.
Olivewood	An Australian name given to the hard white wood of certain trees of the genus Elaeodendron, and also to the trees themselves.
Olivil	A white crystalline substance, obtained from an exudation from the olive, and having a bitter-sweet taste and acid proporties.
Olivin	A complex bitter gum, found on the leaves of the olive tree; -- called also olivite.
Olivine	A common name of the yellowish green mineral chrysolite, esp. the variety found in eruptive rocks.
Olivite	See Olivin.
Olla	A pot or jar having a wide mouth; a cinerary urn, especially one of baked clay.
Olla	A dish of stewed meat; an olio; an olla-podrida.
Olla-podrida	A favorite Spanish dish, consisting of a mixture of several kinds of meat chopped fine, and stewed with vegetables.
Olla-podrida	Any incongruous mixture or miscellaneous collection; an olio.
Ology	A colloquial or humorous name for any science or branch of knowledge.
Olpe	Originally, a leather flask or vessel for oils or liquids; afterward, an earthenware vase or pitcher without a spout.
Olusatrum	An umbelliferous plant, the common Alexanders of Western Europe (Smyrnium Olusatrum).
Olympiad	A period of four years, by which the ancient Greeks reckoned time, being the interval from one celebration of the Olympic games to another, beginning with the victory of Cor/bus in the foot race, which took place in the year 776 b.c.; as, the era of the olympiads.
Olympian	Alt. of Olympic
Olympic	Of or pertaining to Olympus, a mountain of Thessaly, fabled as the seat of the gods, or to Olympia, a small plain in Elis.
Olympionic	An ode in honor of a victor in the Olympic games.
-oma	A suffix used in medical terms to denote a morbid condition of some part, usually some kind of tumor; as in fibroma, glaucoma.
Omagra	Gout in the shoulder.
Omahas	A tribe of Indians who inhabited the south side of the Missouri River. They are now partly civilized and occupy a reservation in Nebraska.
Omander wood	The wood of Diospyros ebenaster, a kind of ebony found in Ceylon.
Omasum	The third division of the stomach of ruminants. See Manyplies, and Illust. under Ruminant.
Omber	Alt. of Ombre
Ombre	A game at cards, borrowed from the Spaniards, and usually played by three persons.
Ombre	A large Mediterranean food fish (Umbrina cirrhosa): -- called also umbra, and umbrine.
Ombrometer	An instrument for measuring the rain that falls; a rain gauge.
Omega	The last letter of the Greek alphabet. See Alpha.
Omega	The last; the end; hence, death.
Omegoid	Having the form of the Greek capital letter Omega (/).
Omelet	Eggs beaten up with a little flour, etc., and cooked in a frying pan; as, a plain omelet.
Omen	An occurrence supposed to portend, or show the character of, some future event; any indication or action regarded as a foreshowing; a foreboding; a presage; an augury.
Omened	of Omen
Omening	of Omen
Omen	To divine or to foreshow by signs or portents; to have omens or premonitions regarding; to predict; to augur; as, to omen ill of an enterprise.
Omened	Attended by, or containing, an omen or omens; as, happy-omened day.
Omental	Of or pertaining to an omentum or the omenta.
Omenta	of Omentum
Omentum	A free fold of the peritoneum, or one serving to connect viscera, support blood vessels, etc.; an epiploon.
Omer	A Hebrew measure, the tenth of an ephah. See Ephah.
Omiletical	Homiletical.
Ominate	To presage; to foreshow; to foretoken.
Omination	The act of ominating; presaging.
Ominous	Of or pertaining to an omen or to omens; being or exhibiting an omen; significant; portentous; -- formerly used both in a favorable and unfavorable sense; now chiefly in the latter; foreboding or foreshowing evil; inauspicious; as, an ominous dread.
Omissible	Capable of being omitted; that may be omitted.
Omission	The act of omitting; neglect or failure to do something required by propriety or duty.
Omission	That which is omitted or is left undone.
Omissive	Leaving out; omitting.
Omitted	of Omit
Omitting	of Omit
Omit	To let go; to leave unmentioned; not to insert or name; to drop.
Omit	To pass by; to forbear or fail to perform or to make use of; to leave undone; to neglect.
Omittance	The act of omitting, or the state of being omitted; forbearance; neglect.
Omitter	One who omits.
Ommateal	Of or pertaining to an ommateum.
Ommatea	of Ommateum
Ommateum	A compound eye, as of insects and crustaceans.
Ommatidia	of Ommatidium
Ommatidium	One of the single eyes forming the compound eyes of crustaceans, insects, and other invertebrates.
Omni-	A combining form denoting all, every, everywhere; as in omnipotent, all-powerful; omnipresent.
Omnibus	A long four-wheeled carriage, having seats for many people; especially, one with seats running lengthwise, used in conveying passengers short distances.
Omnibus	A sheet-iron cover for articles in a leer or annealing arch, to protect them from drafts.
Omnicorporeal	Comprehending or including all bodies; embracing all substance.
Omniety	That which is all-pervading or all-comprehensive; hence, the Deity.
Omnifarious	Of all varieties, forms, or kinds.
Omniferous	All-bearing; producing all kinds.
Omnific	All-creating.
Omniform	Having every form or shape.
Omniformity	The condition or quality of having every form.
Omnify	To render universal; to enlarge.
Omnigenous	Consisting of all kinds.
Omnigraph	A pantograph.
Omniparient	Producing or bringing forth all things; all-producing.
Omniparity	Equality in every part; general equality.
Omniparous	Producing all things; omniparient.
Omnipatient	Capable of enduring all things.
Omnipercipience	Alt. of Omnipercipiency
Omnipercipiency	Perception of everything.
Omnipercipient	Perceiving everything.
Omnipotence	Alt. of Omnipotency
Omnipotency	The state of being omnipotent; almighty power; hence, one who is omnipotent; the Deity.
Omnipotency	Unlimited power of a particular kind; as, love's omnipotence.
Omnipotent	Able in every respect and for every work; unlimited in ability; all-powerful; almighty; as, the Being that can create worlds must be omnipotent.
Omnipotent	Having unlimited power of a particular kind; as, omnipotent love.
Omnipotently	In an omnipotent manner.
Omnipresence	Presence in every place at the same time; unbounded or universal presence; ubiquity.
Omnipresency	Omnipresence.
Omnipresent	Present in all places at the same time; ubiquitous; as, the omnipresent Jehovah.
Omnipresential	Implying universal presence.
Omniprevalent	Prevalent everywhere or in all things.
Omniscience	The quality or state of being omniscient; -- an attribute peculiar to God.
Omnisciency	Omniscience.
Omniscient	Having universal knowledge; knowing all things; infinitely knowing or wise; as, the omniscient God.
Omniscious	All-knowing.
Omnispective	Beholding everything; capable of seeing all things; all-seeing.
Omnium	The aggregate value of the different stocks in which a loan to government is now usually funded.
Omnium-gatherum	A miscellaneous collection of things or persons; a confused mixture; a medley.
Omnivagant	Wandering anywhere and everywhere.
Omnivora	A group of ungulate mammals including the hog and the hippopotamus. The term is also sometimes applied to the bears, and to certain passerine birds.
Omnivorous	All-devouring; eating everything indiscriminately; as, omnivorous vanity; esp. (Zool.), eating both animal and vegetable food.
Omo-	A combining form used in anatomy to indicate connection with, or relation to, the shoulder or the scapula.
Omohyoid	Of or pertaining to the shoulder and the hyoid bone; as, the omohyoid muscle.
Omophagic	Eating raw flesh; using uncooked meat as food; as, omophagic feasts, rites.
Omoplate	The shoulder blade, or scapula.
Omostegite	The part of the carapace of a crustacean situated behind the cervical groove.
Omosternal	Of or pertaining to the omosternum.
Omosternum	The anterior element of the sternum which projects forward from between the clavicles in many batrachians and is usually tipped with cartilage.
Omosternum	In many mammals, an interarticular cartilage, or bone, between the sternum and the clavicle.
Omphacine	Of, pertaining to, or expressed from, unripe fruit; as, omphacine oil.
Omphalic	Of or pertaining to the umbilicus, or navel.
Omphalo-	A combining form indicating connection with, or relation to, the umbilicus, or navel.
Omphalocele	A hernia at the navel.
Omphalode	The central part of the hilum of a seed, through which the nutrient vessels pass into the rhaphe or the chalaza; -- called also omphalodium.
Omphalomancy	Divination by means of a child's navel, to learn how many children the mother may have.
Omphalomesaraic	Omphalomesenteric.
Omphalomesenteric	Of or pertaining to the umbilicus and mesentery; omphalomesaraic; as, the omphalomesenteric arteries and veins of a fetus.
Omphalopsychite	A name of the Hesychasts, from their habit of gazing upon the navel.
Omphalopter	Alt. of Omphaloptic
Omphaloptic	An optical glass that is convex on both sides.
Omphalos	The navel.
Omphalotomy	The operation of dividing the navel-string.
Omy	Mellow, as land.
On	The general signification of on is situation, motion, or condition with respect to contact or support beneath
On	At, or in contact with, the surface or upper part of a thing, and supported by it; placed or lying in contact with the surface; as, the book lies on the table, which stands on the floor of a house on an island.
On	To or against the surface of; -- used to indicate the motion of a thing as coming or falling to the surface of another; as, rain falls on the earth.
On	Denoting performance or action by contact with the surface, upper part, or outside of anything; hence, by means of; with; as, to play on a violin or piano. Hence, figuratively, to work on one's feelings; to make an impression on the mind.
On	At or near; adjacent to; -- indicating situation, place, or position; as, on the one hand, on the other hand; the fleet is on the American coast.
On	In addition to; besides; -- indicating multiplication or succession in a series; as, heaps on heaps; mischief on mischief; loss on loss; thought on thought.
On	Indicating dependence or reliance; with confidence in; as, to depend on a person for assistance; to rely on; hence, indicating the ground or support of anything; as, he will promise on certain conditions; to bet on a horse.
On	At or in the time of; during; as, on Sunday we abstain from labor. See At (synonym).
On	At the time of, conveying some notion of cause or motive; as, on public occasions, the officers appear in full dress or uniform. Hence, in consequence of, or following; as, on the ratification of the treaty, the armies were disbanded.
On	Toward; for; -- indicating the object of some passion; as, have pity or compassion on him.
On	At the peril of, or for the safety of.
On	By virtue of; with the pledge of; -- denoting a pledge or engagement, and put before the thing pledged; as, he affirmed or promised on his word, or on his honor.
On	To the account of; -- denoting imprecation or invocation, or coming to, falling, or resting upon; as, on us be all the blame; a curse on him.
On	In reference or relation to; as, on our part expect punctuality; a satire on society.
On	Of.
On	Occupied with; in the performance of; as, only three officers are on duty; on a journey.
On	In the service of; connected with; of the number of; as, he is on a newspaper; on a committee.
On	Forward, in progression; onward; -- usually with a verb of motion; as, move on; go on.
On	Forward, in succession; as, from father to son, from the son to the grandson, and so on.
On	In continuance; without interruption or ceasing; as, sleep on, take your ease; say on; sing on.
On	Adhering; not off; as in the phrase, "He is neither on nor off," that is, he is not steady, he is irresolute.
On	Attached to the body, as clothing or ornament, or for use.
On	In progress; proceeding; as, a game is on.
Onagri	of Onager
Onagers	of Onager
Onager	A military engine acting like a sling, which threw stones from a bag or wooden bucket, and was operated by machinery.
Onager	A wild ass, especially the koulan.
Onagga	The dauw.
Onagraceous	Alt. of Onagrarieous
Onagrarieous	Pertaining to, or resembling, a natural order of plants (Onagraceae or Onagrarieae), which includes the fuchsia, the willow-herb (Epilobium), and the evening primrose (/nothera).
Onanism	Self-pollution; masturbation.
Onappo	A nocturnal South American monkey (Callithrix discolor), noted for its agility; -- called also ventriloquist monkey.
Ince	The ounce.
Once	By limitation to the number one; for one time; not twice nor any number of times more than one.
Once	At some one period of time; -- used indefinitely.
Once	At any one time; -- often nearly equivalent to ever, if ever, or whenever; as, once kindled, it may not be quenched.
Oncidium	A genus of tropical orchidaceous plants, the flower of one species of which (O. Papilio) resembles a butterfly.
Oncograph	An instrument for registering the changes observable with an oncometer.
Oncometer	An instrument for measuring the variations in size of the internal organs of the body, as the kidney, spleen, etc.
Oncotomy	The opening of an abscess, or the removal of a tumor, with a cutting instrument.
Onde	Hatred; fury; envy.
On dit	They say, or it is said.
On dit	A flying report; rumor; as, it is a mere on dit.
-one	A suffix indicating that the substance, in the name of which it appears, is a ketone; as, acetone.
-one	A termination indicating that the hydrocarbon to the name of which it is affixed belongs to the fourth series of hydrocarbons, or the third series of unsaturated hydrocarbonsl as, nonone.
One	Being a single unit, or entire being or thing, and no more; not multifold; single; individual.
One	Denoting a person or thing conceived or spoken of indefinitely; a certain. "I am the sister of one Claudio" [Shak.], that is, of a certain man named Claudio.
One	Pointing out a contrast, or denoting a particular thing or person different from some other specified; -- used as a correlative adjective, with or without the.
One	Closely bound together; undivided; united; constituting a whole.
One	Single in kind; the same; a common.
One	Single; inmarried.
One	A single unit; as, one is the base of all numbers.
One	A symbol representing a unit, as 1, or i.
One	A single person or thing.
One	Any person, indefinitely; a person or body; as, what one would have well done, one should do one's self.
One	To cause to become one; to gather into a single whole; to unite; to assimilite.
Oneberry	The herb Paris. See Herb Paris, under Herb.
One-hand	Employing one hand; as, the one-hand alphabet. See Dactylology.
One-horse	Drawn by one horse; having but a single horse; as, a one-horse carriage.
One-horse	Second-rate; inferior; small.
Oneidas	A tribe of Indians formerly inhabiting the region near Oneida Lake in the State of New York, and forming part of the Five Nations. Remnants of the tribe now live in New York, Canada, and Wisconsin.
Oneirocritic	An interpreter of dreams.
Oneirocritic	Alt. of Oneirocritical
Oneirocritical	Of or pertaining to the interpretation of dreams.
Oneirocriticism	Alt. of Oneirocritics
Oneirocritics	The art of interpreting dreams.
Oneiromancy	Divination by means of dreams.
Oneiroscopist	One who interprets dreams.
Oneiroscopy	The interpretation of dreams.
Oneliness	The state of being one or single.
Onely	See Only.
Onement	The state of being at one or reconciled.
Oneness	The state of being one; singleness in number; individuality; unity.
Onerary	Fitted for, or carrying, a burden.
Onerated	of Onerate
Onerating	of Onerate
Onerate	To load; to burden.
Oneration	The act of loading.
Onerous	Burdensome; oppressive.
Onerously	In an onerous manner.
Ones	Once.
Oneself	A reflexive form of the indefinite pronoun one. Commonly writen as two words, one's self.
One-sided	Having one side only, or one side prominent; hence, limited to one side; partial; unjust; unfair; as, a one-sided view or statement.
One-sided	Growing on one side of a stem; as, one-sided flowers.
Onethe	Scarcely. See Unnethe.
Ongoing	The act of going forward; progress; (pl.) affairs; business; current events.
Onguent	An unguent.
On-hanger	A hanger-on.
Onion	A liliaceous plant of the genus Allium (A. cepa), having a strong-flavored bulb and long hollow leaves; also, its bulbous root, much used as an article of food. The name is often extended to other species of the genus.
Onirocritic	See Oneirocritic.
Onliness	The state of being alone.
Onloft	Aloft; above ground.
On-looker	A looker-on.
On-looking	Looking on or forward.
Only	One alone; single; as, the only man present; his only occupation.
Only	Alone in its class; by itself; not associated with others of the same class or kind; as, an only child.
Only	Hence, figuratively: Alone, by reason of superiority; preeminent; chief.
Only	In one manner or degree; for one purpose alone; simply; merely; barely.
Only	So and no otherwise; no other than; exclusively; solely; wholly.
Only	Singly; without more; as, only-begotten.
Only	Above all others; particularly.
Only	Save or except (that); -- an adversative used elliptically with or without that, and properly introducing a single fact or consideration.
Onocerin	A white crystalline waxy substance extracted from the root of the leguminous plant Ononis spinosa.
Onology	Foolish discourse.
Onomancy	Divination by the letters of a name; nomancy.
Onomantic	Alt. of Onomantical
Onomantical	Of or pertaining to onomancy.
Onomastic	Applied to a signature when the body of the instrument is in another's handwriting.
Onomasticon	A collection of names and terms; a dictionary; specif., a collection of Greek names, with explanatory notes, made by Julius Pollux about A.D.180.
Onomatechny	Prognostication by the letters of a name.
Onomatologist	One versed in the history of names.
Onomatology	The science of names or of their classification.
Onomatope	An imitative word; an onomatopoetic word.
Onomatopoeia	The formation of words in imitation of sounds; a figure of speech in which the sound of a word is imitative of the sound of the thing which the word represents; as, the buzz of bees; the hiss of a goose; the crackle of fire.
Onomatopoeic	Onomatopoetic.
Onomatopoetic	Of or pertaining to onomatopoeia; characterized by onomatopoeia; imitative; as, an onomatopoetic writer or word.
Onomatopy	Onomatopoeia.
Onomomancy	See Onomancy.
Onondagas	A tribe of Indians formerly inhabiting what is now a part of the State of New York. They were the central or head tribe of the Five Nations.
Onrush	A rushing onward.
Onset	A rushing or setting upon; an attack; an assault; a storming; especially, the assault of an army.
Onset	A setting about; a beginning.
Onset	Anything set on, or added, as an ornament or as a useful appendage.
Onset	To assault; to set upon.
Onset	To set about; to begin.
Onslaught	An attack; an onset; esp., a furious or murderous attack or assault.
Onslaught	A bloody fray or battle.
Onstead	A single farmhouse; a steading.
Onto	On the top of; upon; on. See On to, under On, prep.
Ontogenesis	Alt. of Ontogeny
Ontogeny	The history of the individual development of an organism; the history of the evolution of the germ; the development of an individual organism, -- in distinction from phylogeny, or evolution of the tribe. Called also henogenesis, henogeny.
Ontogenetic	Of or pertaining to ontogenesis; as, ontogenetic phenomena.
Ontogenic	Ontogenetic.
Ontologic	Ontological.
Ontological	Of or pertaining to ontology.
Ontologically	In an ontological manner.
Ontologist	One who is versed in or treats of ontology.
Ontology	That department of the science of metaphysics which investigates and explains the nature and essential properties and relations of all beings, as such, or the principles and causes of being.
Onus	A burden; an obligation.
Onward	Moving in a forward direction; tending toward a contemplated or desirable end; forward; as, an onward course, progress, etc.
Onward	Advanced in a forward direction or toward an end.
Onward	Toward a point before or in front; forward; progressively; as, to move onward.
Onwardness	Progress; advancement.
Onwards	Onward.
Ony	Any.
Onycha	An ingredient of the Mosaic incense, probably the operculum of some kind of strombus.
Onycha	The precious stone called onyx.
Onychia	A whitlow.
Onychia	An affection of a finger or toe, attended with ulceration at the base of the nail, and terminating in the destruction of the nail.
Onychomancy	Divination by the nails.
Onychophora	Malacopoda.
Onyx	Chalcedony in parallel layers of different shades of color. It is used for making cameos, the figure being cut in one layer with the next as a ground.
Oo	One.
Oo	A beautiful bird (Moho nobilis) of the Hawaiian Islands. It yields the brilliant yellow feathers formerly used in making the royal robes. Called also yellow-tufted honeysucker.
Ooecia	of Ooecium
Ooecium	One of the special zooids, or cells, of Bryozoa, destined to receive and develop ova; an ovicell. See Bryozoa.
Oogenesis	The development, or mode of origin, of the ova.
Oogonia	of Oogonium
Oogoniums	of Oogonium
Oogonium	A special cell in certain cryptogamous plants containing oospheres, as in the rockweeds (Fucus), and the orders Vaucherieae and Peronosporeae.
Ooidal	Shaped like an egg.
Ook	Oak.
Oolite	A variety of limestone, consisting of small round grains, resembling the roe of a fish. It sometimes constitutes extensive beds, as in the European Jurassic. See the Chart of Geology.
Oolitic	Of or pertaining to oolite; composed of, or resembling, oolite.
Oological	Of or pertaining to oology.
Oologist	One versed in oology.
Oology	The science of eggs in relation to their coloring, size, shape, and number.
Oolong	A fragrant variety of black tea having somewhat the flavor of green tea.
Oomiac	Alt. of Oomiak
Oomiak	A long, broad boat used by the Eskimos.
Oon	One.
Oones	Once.
Oop	To bind with a thread or cord; to join; to unite.
Oopack	Alt. of Oopak
Oopak	A kind of black tea.
Oophore	An alternately produced form of certain cryptogamous plants, as ferns, mosses, and the like, which bears antheridia and archegonia, and so has sexual fructification, as contrasted with the sporophore, which is nonsexual, but produces spores in countless number. In ferns the oophore is a minute prothallus; in mosses it is the leafy plant.
Oophorectomy	Ovariotomy.
Oophoric	Having the nature of, or belonging to, an oophore.
Oophorida	of Oophoridium
Oophoridiums	of Oophoridium
Oophoridium	The macrosporangium or case for the larger kind of spores in heterosporous flowerless plants.
Oophoritis	Ovaritis.
Oophyte	Any plant of a proposed class or grand division (collectively termed oophytes or Oophyta), which have their sexual reproduction accomplished by motile antherozoids acting on oospheres, either while included in their oogonia or after exclusion.
Oophytic	Of or pertaining to an oophyte.
Oorial	A wild, bearded sheep inhabiting the Ladakh mountains. It is reddish brown, with a dark beard from the chin to the chest.
Oosperm	The ovum, after fusion with the spermatozoon in impregnation.
Oospere	An unfertilized, rounded mass of protoplasm, produced in an oogonium.
Oospere	An analogous mass of protoplasm in the ovule of a flowering plant; an embryonic vesicle.
Oosporangia	of Oosporangium
Oosporangiums	of Oosporangium
Oosporangium	An oogonium; also, a case containing oval or rounded spores of some other kind than oospores.
Oospore	A special kind of spore resulting from the fertilization of an oosphere by antherozoids.
Oospore	A fertilized oosphere in the ovule of a flowering plant.
Oosporic	Of or pertaining to an oospore.
Oostegite	One of the plates which in some Crustacea inclose a cavity wherein the eggs are hatched.
Oothecae	of Ootheca
Ootheca	An egg case, especially those of many kinds of mollusks, and of some insects, as the cockroach.  Cf. Ooecium.
Ootooid	Alt. of Ootocoid
Ootocoid	A half oviparous, or an oviparous, mammal; a marsupial or monotreme.
Ootype	The part of the oviduct of certain trematode worms in which the ova are completed and furnished with a shell.
Ooze	Soft mud or slime; earth so wet as to flow gently, or easily yield to pressure.
Ooze	Soft flow; spring.
Ooze	The liquor of a tan vat.
Oozed	of Ooze
Oozing	of Ooze
Ooze	To flow gently; to percolate, as a liquid through the pores of a substance or through small openings.
Ooze	Fig.: To leak (out) or escape slowly; as, the secret oozed out; his courage oozed out.
Ooze	To cause to ooze.
Oozoa	Same as Acrita.
Oozy	Miry; containing soft mud; resembling ooze; as, the oozy bed of a river.
Opacate	To darken; to cloud.
Opacity	The state of being opaque; the quality of a body which renders it impervious to the rays of light; want of transparency; opaqueness.
Opacity	Obscurity; want of clearness.
Opacous	Opaque.
Opacular	Opaque.
Opah	A large oceanic fish (Lampris quttatus), inhabiting the Atlantic Ocean. It is remarkable for its brilliant colors, which are red, green, and blue, with tints of purple and gold, covered with round silvery spots. Called also king of the herrings.
Opake	See Opaque.
Opal	A mineral consisting, like quartz, of silica, but inferior to quartz in hardness and specific gravity.
Opalesced	of Opalesce
Opalescing	of Opalesce
Opalesce	To give forth a play of colors, like the opal.
Opalescence	A reflection of a milky or pearly light from the interior of a mineral, as in the moonstone; the state or quality of being opalescent.
Opalescent	Reflecting a milky or pearly light from the interior; having an opaline play of colors.
Opaline	Of, pertaining to, or like, opal in appearance; having changeable colors like those of the opal.
Opalized	of Opalize
Opalizing	of Opalize
Opalize	To convert into opal, or a substance like opal.
Opalotype	A picture taken on "milky" glass.
Opaque	Impervious to the rays of light; not transparent; as, an opaque substance.
Opaque	Obscure; not clear; unintelligible.
Opaque	That which is opaque; opacity.
Opaqueness	The state or quality of being impervious to light; opacity.
Ope	Open.
Ope	To open.
Opeidoscope	An instrument, consisting of a tube having one end open and the other end covered with a thin flexible membrance to the center of which is attached a small mirror. It is used for exhibiting upon a screen, by means of rays reflected from the mirror, the vibratory motions caused by sounds produced at the open end of the tube, as by speaking or singing into it.
Opelet	A bright-colored European actinian (Anemonia, / Anthea, sulcata); -- so called because it does not retract its tentacles.
Open	Free of access; not shut up; not closed; affording unobstructed ingress or egress; not impeding or preventing passage; not locked up or covered over; -- applied to passageways; as, an open door, window, road, etc.; also, to inclosed structures or objects; as, open houses, boxes, baskets, bottles, etc.; also, to means of communication or approach by water or land; as, an open harbor or roadstead.
Open	Free to be used, enjoyed, visited, or the like; not private; public; unrestricted in use; as, an open library, museum, court, or other assembly; liable to the approach, trespass, or attack of any one; unprotected; exposed.
Open	Free or cleared of obstruction to progress or to view; accessible; as, an open tract; the open sea.
Open	Not drawn together, closed, or contracted; extended; expanded; as, an open hand; open arms; an open flower; an open prospect.
Open	Without reserve or false pretense; sincere; characterized by sincerity; unfeigned; frank; also, generous; liberal; bounteous; -- applied to personal appearance, or character, and to the expression of thought and feeling, etc.
Open	Not concealed or secret; not hidden or disguised; exposed to view or to knowledge; revealed; apparent; as, open schemes or plans; open shame or guilt.
Open	Not of a quality to prevent communication, as by closing water ways, blocking roads, etc.; hence, not frosty or inclement; mild; -- used of the weather or the climate; as, an open season; an open winter.
Open	Not settled or adjusted; not decided or determined; not closed or withdrawn from consideration; as, an open account; an open question; to keep an offer or opportunity open.
Open	Free; disengaged; unappropriated; as, to keep a day open for any purpose; to be open for an engagement.
Open	Uttered with a relatively wide opening of the articulating organs; -- said of vowels; as, the an far is open as compared with the a in say.
Open	Uttered, as a consonant, with the oral passage simply narrowed without closure, as in uttering s.
Open	Not closed or stopped with the finger; -- said of the string of an instrument, as of a violin, when it is allowed to vibrate throughout its whole length.
Open	Produced by an open string; as, an open tone.
Open	Open or unobstructed space; clear land, without trees or obstructions; open ocean; open water.
Opened	of Open
Opening	of Open
Open	To make or set open; to render free of access; to unclose; to unbar; to unlock; to remove any fastening or covering from; as, to open a door; to open a box; to open a room; to open a letter.
Open	To spread; to expand; as, to open the hand.
Open	To disclose; to reveal; to interpret; to explain.
Open	To make known; to discover; also, to render available or accessible for settlements, trade, etc.
Open	To enter upon; to begin; as, to open a discussion; to open fire upon an enemy; to open trade, or correspondence; to open a case in court, or a meeting.
Open	To loosen or make less compact; as, to open matted cotton by separating the fibers.
Open	To unclose; to form a hole, breach, or gap; to be unclosed; to be parted.
Open	To expand; to spread out; to be disclosed; as, the harbor opened to our view.
Open	To begin; to commence; as, the stock opened at par; the battery opened upon the enemy.
Open	To bark on scent or view of the game.
Open-air	Taking place in the open air; outdoor; as, an open-air game or meeting.
Openbill	A bird of the genus Anastomus, allied to the stork; -- so called because the two parts of the bill touch only at the base and tip. One species inhabits India, another Africa. Called also open-beak. See Illust. (m), under Beak.
Opener	One who, or that which, opens.
Open-eyed	With eyes widely open; watchful; vigilant.
Open-handed	Generous; liberal; munificent.
Open-headed	Bareheaded.
Open-hearted	Candid; frank; generous.
Opening	The act or process of opening; a beginning; commencement; first appearance; as, the opening of a speech.
Opening	A place which is open; a breach; an aperture; a gap; cleft, or hole.
Opening	Hence: A vacant place; an opportunity; as, an opening for business.
Opening	A thinly wooded space, without undergrowth, in the midst of a forest; as, oak openings.
Openly	In an open manner; publicly; not in private; without secrecy.
Openly	Without reserve or disguise; plainly; evidently.
Open-mouthed	Having the mouth open; gaping; hence, greedy; clamorous.
Openness	The quality or state of being open.
Openwork	Anything so constructed or manufactured (in needlework, carpentry, metal work, etc.) as to show openings through its substance; work that is perforated or pierced.
Openwork	A quarry; an open cut.
Opera	A drama, either tragic or comic, of which music forms an essential part; a drama wholly or mostly sung, consisting of recitative, arials, choruses, duets, trios, etc., with orchestral accompaniment, preludes, and interludes, together with appropriate costumes, scenery, and action; a lyric drama.
Opera	The score of a musical drama, either written or in print; a play set to music.
Opera	The house where operas are exhibited.
Operable	Practicable.
Operameter	An instrument or machine for measuring work done, especially for ascertaining the number of rotations made by a machine or wheel in manufacturing cloth; a counter.
Operance	Alt. of Operancy
Operancy	The act of operating or working; operation.
Operand	The symbol, quantity, or thing upon which a mathematical operation is performed; -- called also faciend.
Operant	Operative.
Operant	An operative person or thing.
Operated	of Operate
Operating	of Operate
Operate	To perform a work or labor; to exert power or strengh, physical or mechanical; to act.
Operate	To produce an appropriate physical effect; to issue in the result designed by nature; especially (Med.), to take appropriate effect on the human system.
Operate	To act or produce effect on the mind; to exert moral power or influence.
Operate	To perform some manual act upon a human body in a methodical manner, and usually with instruments, with a view to restore soundness or health, as in amputation, lithotomy, etc.
Operate	To deal in stocks or any commodity with a view to speculative profits.
Operate	To produce, as an effect; to cause.
Operate	To put into, or to continue in, operation or activity; to work; as, to operate a machine.
Operatic	Alt. of Operatical
Operatical	Of or pertaining to the opera or to operas; characteristic of, or resembling, the opera.
Operation	The act or process of operating; agency; the exertion of power, physical, mechanical, or moral.
Operation	The method of working; mode of action.
Operation	That which is operated or accomplished; an effect brought about in accordance with a definite plan; as, military or naval operations.
Operation	Effect produced; influence.
Operation	Something to be done; some transformation to be made upon quantities, the transformation being indicated either by rules or symbols.
Operation	Any methodical action of the hand, or of the hand with instruments, on the human body, to produce a curative or remedial effect, as in amputation, etc.
Operative	Having the power of acting; hence, exerting force, physical or moral; active in the production of effects; as, an operative motive.
Operative	Producing the appropriate or designed effect; efficacious; as, an operative dose, rule, or penalty.
Operative	Based upon, or consisting of, an operation or operations; as, operative surgery.
Operative	A skilled worker; an artisan; esp., one who operates a machine in a mill or manufactory.
Operatively	In an operative manner.
Operator	One who, or that which, operates or produces an effect.
Operator	One who performs some act upon the human body by means of the hand, or with instruments.
Operator	A dealer in stocks or any commodity for speculative purposes; a speculator.
Operator	The symbol that expresses the operation to be performed; -- called also facient.
Operatory	A laboratory.
Opercle	Any one of the bony plates which support the gill covers of fishes; an opercular bone.
Opercle	An operculum.
Opercula	See Operculum.
Oparcular	Of, pertaining to, or like, an operculum.
Opercular	The principal opercular bone or operculum of fishes.
Operculate	Alt. of Operculated
Operculated	Closed by a lid or cover, as the capsules of the mosses.
Operculated	Having an operculum, or an apparatus for protecting the gills; -- said of shells and of fishes.
Operculiferous	Bearing an operculum.
Operculiform	Having the form of a lid or cover.
Operculigenous	Producing an operculum; -- said of the foot, or part of the foot, of certain mollusks.
Opercula	of Operculum
Operculums	of Operculum
Operculum	The lid of a pitcherform leaf.
Operculum	The lid of the urnlike capsule of mosses.
Operculum	Any lidlike or operculiform process or part; as, the opercula of a dental follicle.
Operculum	The fold of integument, usually supported by bony plates, which protects the gills of most fishes and some amphibians; the gill cover; the gill lid.
Operculum	The principal opercular bone in the upper and posterior part of the gill cover.
Operculum	The lid closing the aperture of various species of shells, as the common whelk. See Illust. of Gastropoda.
Operculum	Any lid-shaped structure closing the aperture of a tube or shell.
Operetta	A short, light, musical drama.
Operose	Wrought with labor; requiring labor; hence, tedious; wearisome.
Operosity	Laboriousness.
Operous	Operose.
Opertaneous	Concealed; private.
Opetide	Open time; -- applied to different things
Opetide	The early spring, or the time when flowers begin opening.
Opetide	The time between Epiphany and Ash Wednesday wherein marriages were formerly solemnized publicly in churches. [Eng.] 
Opetide	The time after harvest when the common fields are open to all kinds of stock.
Ophelic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a substance (called ophelic acid) extracted from a plant (Ophelia) of the Gentian family as a bitter yellowish sirup, used in India as a febrifuge and tonic.
Ophicleide	A large brass wind instrument, formerly used in the orchestra and in military bands, having a loud tone, deep pitch, and a compass of three octaves; -- now generally supplanted by bass and contrabass tubas.
Ophidia	The order of reptiles which includes the serpents.
Ophidian	One of the Ophidia; a snake or serpent.
Ophidian	Of or pertaining to the Ophidia; belonging to serpents.
Ophidioid	Of or pertaining to the Ophidiidae, a family of fishes which includes many slender species.
Ophidioid	One of the Ophidiidae.
Ophidia	of Ophidion
Ophidion	The typical genus of ophidioid fishes. [Written also Ophidium.] See Illust. under Ophidioid.
Ophidious	Ophidian.
Ophiolatry	The worship of serpents.
Ophiologic	Alt. of Ophiological
Ophiological	Of or pertaining to ophiology.
Ophiologist	One versed in the natural history of serpents.
Ophiology	That part of natural history which treats of the ophidians, or serpents.
Ophiomancy	Divination by serpents, as by their manner of eating, or by their coils.
Ophiomorpha	An order of tailless amphibians having a slender, wormlike body with regular annulations, and usually with minute scales imbedded in the skin. The limbs are rudimentary or wanting. It includes the caecilians. Called also Gymnophiona and Ophidobatrachia.
Ophiomorphite	An ammonite.
Ophiomorphous	Having the form of a serpent.
Ophiophagous	Feeding on serpents; -- said of certain birds and reptiles.
Ophiophagus	A genus of venomous East Indian snakes, which feed on other snakes. Ophiophagus elaps is said to be the largest and most deadly of poisonous snakes.
Ophite	Of or pertaining to a serpent.
Ophite	A greenish spotted porphyry, being a diabase whose pyroxene has been altered to uralite; -- first found in the Pyreness. So called from the colored spots which give it a mottled appearance.
Ophite	A mamber of a Gnostic serpent-worshiping sect of the second century.
Ophiuchus	A constellation in the Northern Hemisphere, delineated as a man holding a serpent in his hands; -- called also Serpentarius.
Ophiura	A genus of ophiurioid starfishes.
Ophiuran	Of or pertaining to the Ophiurioidea.
Ophiuran	One of the Ophiurioidea.
Ophiurid	Same as Ophiurioid.
Ophiurida	Same as Ophiurioidea.
Ophiurioid	Of or pertaining to the Ophiurioidea.
Ophiurioid	One of the Ophiurioidea.
Ophiurioidea	Alt. of Ophiuroidea
Ophiuroidea	A class of star-shaped echinoderms having a disklike body, with slender, articulated arms, which are not grooved beneath and are often very fragile; -- called also Ophiuroida and Ophiuridea. See Illust. under Brittle star.
Ophryon	The supraorbital point.
Ophthalmia	An inflammation of the membranes or coats of the eye or of the eyeball.
Ophthalmic	Of, pertaining to, or in the region of, the eye; ocular; as the ophthalmic, or orbitonasal, nerve, a division of the trigeminal, which gives branches to the lachrymal gland, eyelids, nose, and forehead.
Ophthalmite	An eyestalk; the organ which bears the compound eyes of decapod Crustacea.
Ophthalmological	Of or pertaining to ophthalmology.
Ophthalmologist	One skilled in ophthalmology; an oculist.
Ophthalmology	The science which treats of the structure, functions, and diseases of the eye.
Ophthalmometer	An instrument devised by Helmholtz for measuring the size of a reflected image on the convex surface of the cornea and lens of the eye, by which their curvature can be ascertained.
Ophthalmoscope	An instrument for viewing the interior of the eye, particularly the retina. Light is thrown into the eye by a mirror (usually concave) and the interior is then examined with or without the aid of a lens.
Ophthalmoscopy	A branch of physiognomy which deduces the knowledge of a person's temper and character from the appearance of the eyes.
Ophthalmoscopy	Examination of the eye with the ophthalmoscope.
Ophthalmy	Same as Ophthalmia.
Opianic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an organic acid obtained by the oxidation of narcotine.
Opianine	An alkaloid found in small quantity in opium. It is identical with narcotine.
Opianyl	Same as Meconin.
Opiate	Originally, a medicine of a thicker consistence than sirup, prepared with opium.
Opiate	Any medicine that contains opium, and has the quality of inducing sleep or repose; a narcotic.
Opiate	Anything which induces rest or inaction; that which quiets uneasiness.
Opiate	Inducing sleep; somniferous; narcotic; hence, anodyne; causing rest, dullness, or inaction; as, the opiate rod of Hermes.
Opiate	To subject to the influence of an opiate; to put to sleep.
Opiated	Mixed with opiates.
Opiated	Under the influence of opiates.
Opie	Opium.
Opiferous	Bringing help.
Opifice	Workmanship.
Opificer	An artificer; a workman.
Opinable	Capable of being opined or thought.
Opination	The act of thinking; a supposition.
Opinative	Obstinate in holding opinions; opinionated.
Opinator	One fond of his own opinious; one who holds an opinion.
Opined	of Opine
Opining	of Opine
Opine	To have an opinion; to judge; to think; to suppose.
Opiner	One who opines.
Opiniaster	Alt. of Opiniatre
Opiniatre	Opinionated.
Opiniastrous	See Opiniaster. [Obs.].
Opinlate	To hold or maintain persistently.
Opiniated	Opinionated.
Opiniative	Opinionative.
Opiniator	Alt. of Opiniatre
Opiniatre	One who is opinionated.
Opiniatre	See Opiniaster.
Opiniatrety	Obstinacy in opinious.
Opinicus	An imaginary animal borne as a charge, having wings, an eagle's head, and a short tail; -- sometimes represented without wings.
Opining	Opinion.
Opinion	That which is opined; a notion or conviction founded on probable evidence; belief stronger than impression, less strong than positive knowledge; settled judgment in regard to any point of knowledge or action.
Opinion	The judgment or sentiment which the mind forms of persons or things; estimation.
Opinion	Favorable estimation; hence, consideration; reputation; fame; public sentiment or esteem.
Opinion	Obstinacy in holding to one's belief or impression; opiniativeness; conceitedness.
Opinion	The formal decision, or expression of views, of a judge, an umpire, a counselor, or other party officially called upon to consider and decide upon a matter or point submitted.
Opinion	To opine.
Opinionable	Being, or capable of being, a matter of opinion; that can be thought; not positively settled; as, an opinionable doctrine.
Opinionate	Opinionated.
Opinionated	Stiff in opinion; firmly or unduly adhering to one's own opinion or to preconceived notions; obstinate in opinion.
Opinionately	Conceitedly.
Opinionatist	An opinionist.
Opinionative	Unduly attached to one's own opinions; opinionated.
Opinionative	Of the nature of an opinion; conjectured.
Opinionator	An opinionated person; one given to conjecture.
Opinioned	Opinionated; conceited.
Opinionist	One fond of his own notions, or unduly attached to his own opinions.
Opiparous	Sumptuous.
Opisometer	An instrument with a revolving wheel for measuring a curved line, as on a map.
Opisthion	The middle of the posterior, or dorsal, margin of the great foramen of the skull.
Opisthobranchia	Alt. of Opisthobranchiata
Opisthobranchiata	A division of gastropod Mollusca, in which the breathing organs are usually situated behind the heart. It includes the tectibranchs and nudibranchs.
Opisthobranchiate	Of or pertaining to the Opisthobranchiata.
Opisthobranchiate	One of the Opisthobranchiata.
Opisthocoelian	Alt. of Opisthocoelous
Opisthocoelous	Concave behind; -- applied especially to vertebrae in which the anterior end of the centrum is convex and the posterior concave.
Opisthodome	A back chamber; especially, that part of the naos, or cella, farthest from the main entrance, sometimes having an entrance of its own, and often used as a treasury.
Opisthoglypha	A division of serpents which have some of the posterior maxillary teeth grooved for fangs.
Opisthography	A writing upon the back of anything, as upon the back of a leaf or sheet already written upon on one side.
Opisthomi	An order of eellike fishes having the scapular arch attached to the vertebrae, but not connected with the skull.
Opisthopulmonate	Having the pulmonary sac situated posteriorly; -- said of certain air-breathing Mollusca.
Opisthotic	The inferior and posterior of the three elements forming the periotic bone.
Opisthotonos	A tetanic spasm in which the body is bent backwards and stiffened.
Opitulation	The act of helping or aiding; help.
Opium	The inspissated juice of the Papaver somniferum, or white poppy.
Ople tree	The witch-hazel.
Opobalsam	Alt. of Opobalsamum
Opobalsamum	The old name of the aromatic resinous juice of the Balsamodendron opobalsamum, now commonly called balm of Gilead. See under Balm.
Opodeldoc	A kind of plaster, said to have been invented by Mindererus, -- used for external injuries.
Opodeldoc	A saponaceous, camphorated liniment; a solution of soap in alcohol, with the addition of camphor and essential oils; soap liniment.
Opopanax	The inspissated juice of an umbelliferous plant (the Opoponax Chironum), brought from Turkey and the East Indies in loose granules, or sometimes in larger masses, of a reddish yellow color, with specks of white. It has a strong smell and acrid taste, and was formerly used in medicine as an emmenagogue and antispasmodic.
Opossum	Any American marsupial of the genera Didelphys and Chironectes. The common species of the United States is Didelphys Virginiana.
Oppidan	Of or pertaining to a town.
Oppidan	An inhabitant of a town.
Oppidan	A student of Eton College, England, who is not a King's scholar, and who boards in a private family.
Oppignerate	To pledge; to pawn.
Oppilated	of Oppilate
Oppilating	of Oppilate
Oppilate	To crowd together; to fill with obstructions; to block up.
Oppilation	The act of filling or crowding together; a stopping by redundant matter; obstruction, particularly in the lower intestines.
Oppilative	Obstructive.
Opplete	Alt. of Oppleted
Oppleted	Filled; crowded.
Oppletion	The act of filling up, or the state of being filled up; fullness.
Oppone	To oppose.
Opponency	The act of opening an academical disputation; the proposition of objections to a tenet, as an exercise for a degree.
Opponent	Situated in front; opposite; hence, opposing; adverse; antagonistic.
Opponent	One who opposes; an adversary; an antagonist; a foe.
Opponent	One who opposes in a disputation, argument, or other verbal controversy; specifically, one who attacks some theirs or proposition, in distinction from the respondent, or defendant, who maintains it.
Opportune	Convenient; ready; hence, seasonable; timely.
Opportune	To suit.
Opportunism	The art or practice of taking advantage of opportunities or circumstances, or of seeking immediate advantage with little regard for ultimate consequences.
Opportunist	One who advocates or practices opportunism.
Opportunities	of Opportunity
Opportunity	Fit or convenient time; a time or place favorable for executing a purpose; a suitable combination of conditions; suitable occasion; chance.
Opportunity	Convenience of situation; fitness.
Opportunity	Importunity; earnestness.
Opposability	The condition or quality of being opposable.
Opposable	Capable of being opposed or resisted.
Opposable	Capable of being placed opposite something else; as, the thumb is opposable to the forefinger.
Opposal	Opposition.
Opposed	of Oppose
Opposing	of Oppose
Oppose	To place in front of, or over against; to set opposite; to exhibit.
Oppose	To put in opposition, with a view to counterbalance or countervail; to set against; to offer antagonistically.
Oppose	To resist or antagonize by physical means, or by arguments, etc.; to contend against; to confront; to resist; to withstand; as, to oppose the king in battle; to oppose a bill in Congress.
Oppose	To compete with; to strive against; as, to oppose a rival for a prize.
Oppose	To be set opposite.
Oppose	To act adversely or in opposition; -- with against or to; as, a servant opposed against the act.
Oppose	To make objection or opposition in controversy.
Opposeless	Not to be effectually opposed; irresistible.
Opposer	One who opposes; an opponent; an antagonist; an adversary.
Opposite	Placed over against; standing or situated over against or in front; facing; -- often with to; as, a house opposite to the Exchange.
Opposite	Applied to the other of two things which are entirely different; other; as, the opposite sex; the opposite extreme.
Opposite	Extremely different; inconsistent; contrary; repugnant; antagonistic.
Opposite	Set over against each other, but separated by the whole diameter of the stem, as two leaves at the same node.
Opposite	Placed directly in front of another part or organ, as a stamen which stands before a petal.
Opposite	One who opposes; an opponent; an antagonist.
Opposite	That which is opposed or contrary; as, sweetness and its opposite.
Oppositely	In a situation to face each other; in an opposite manner or direction; adversely.
Oppositeness	The quality or state of being opposite.
Oppositifolious	Placed at the same node with a leaf, but separated from it by the whole diameter of the stem; as, an oppositifolious peduncle.
Opposition	The act of opposing; an attempt to check, restrain, or defeat; resistance.
Opposition	The state of being placed over against; situation so as to front something else.
Opposition	Repugnance; contrariety of sentiment, interest, or purpose; antipathy.
Opposition	That which opposes; an obstacle; specifically, the aggregate of persons or things opposing; hence, in politics and parliamentary practice, the party opposed to the party in power.
Opposition	The situation of a heavenly body with respect to another when in the part of the heavens directly opposite to it; especially, the position of a planet or satellite when its longitude differs from that of the sun 180¡; -- signified by the symbol /; as, / / /, opposition of Jupiter to the sun.
Opposition	The relation between two propositions when, having the same subject and predicate, they differ in quantity, or in quality, or in both; or between two propositions which have the same matter but a different form.
Oppositionist	One who belongs to the opposition party.
Oppositipetalous	Placed in front of a petal.
Oppositisepalous	Placed in front of a sepal.
Oppositive	Capable of being put in opposition.
Oppressed	of Oppress
Oppressing	of Oppress
Oppress	To impose excessive burdens upon; to overload; hence, to treat with unjust rigor or with cruelty.
Oppress	To ravish; to violate.
Oppress	To put down; to crush out; to suppress.
Oppress	To produce a sensation of weight in (some part of the body); as, my lungs are oppressed by the damp air; excess of food oppresses the stomach.
Oppression	The act of oppressing, or state of being oppressed.
Oppression	That which oppresses; a hardship or injustice; cruelty; severity; tyranny.
Oppression	A sense of heaviness or obstruction in the body or mind; depression; dullness; lassitude; as, an oppression of spirits; an oppression of the lungs.
Oppression	Ravishment; rape.
Oppressive	Unreasonably burdensome; unjustly severe, rigorous, or harsh; as, oppressive taxes; oppressive exactions of service; an oppressive game law.
Oppressive	Using oppression; tyrannical; as, oppressive authority or commands.
Oppressive	Heavy; overpowering; hard to be borne; as, oppressive grief or woe.
Oppressor	One who oppresses; one who imposes unjust burdens on others; one who harasses others with unjust laws or unreasonable severity.
Oppressure	Oppression.
Opprobrious	Expressive of opprobrium; attaching disgrace; reproachful; scurrilous; as, opprobrious language.
Opprobrious	Infamous; despised; rendered hateful; as, an opprobrious name.
Opprobrium	Disgrace; infamy; reproach mingled with contempt; abusive language.
Opprobry	Opprobrium.
Oppugned	of Oppugn
Oppugning	of Oppugn
Oppugn	To fight against; to attack; to be in conflict with; to oppose; to resist.
Oppugnancy	The act of oppugning; opposition; resistance.
Oppugnant	Tending to awaken hostility; hostile; opposing; warring.
Oppugnant	An opponent.
Oppugnation	Opposition.
Oppugner	One who opposes or attacks; that which opposes.
Opsimathy	Education late in life.
Opsiometer	An instrument for measuring the limits of distincts vision in different individuals, and thus determiming the proper focal length of a lens for correcting imperfect sight.
Opsonation	A catering; a buying of provisions.
Optable	That may be chosen; desirable.
Optate	To choose; to wish for; to desire.
Optation	The act of optating; a wish.
Optative	Expressing desire or wish.
Optative	Something to be desired.
Optative	The optative mood; also, a verb in the optative mood.
Optatively	In an optative manner; with the expression of desire.
Optic	The organ of sight; an eye.
Optic	An eyeglass.
Optic	Alt. of Optical
Optical	Of or pertaining to vision or sight.
Optical	Of or pertaining to the eye; ocular; as, the optic nerves (the first pair of cranial nerves) which are distributed to the retina. See Illust. of Brain, and Eye.
Optical	Relating to the science of optics; as, optical works.
Optically	By optics or sight; with reference to optics.
Optician	One skilled in optics.
Optician	One who deals in optical glasses and instruments.
Optics	That branch of physical science which treats of the nature and properties of light, the laws of its modification by opaque and transparent bodies, and the phenomena of vision.
Optigraph	A telescope with a diagonal eyepiece, suspended vertically in gimbals by the object end beneath a fixed diagonal plane mirror. It is used for delineating landscapes, by means of a pencil at the eye end which leaves the delineation on paper.
Optimacy	Government by the nobility.
Optimacy	Collectively, the nobility.
Optimate	Of or pertaining to the nobility or aristocracy.
Optimate	A nobleman or aristocrat; a chief man in a state or city.
Optimates	The nobility or aristocracy of ancient Rome, as opposed to the populares.
Optime	One of those who stand in the second rank of honors, immediately after the wranglers, in the University of Cambridge, England. They are divided into senior and junior optimes.
Optimism	The opinion or doctrine that everything in nature, being the work of God, is ordered for the best, or that the ordering of things in the universe is such as to produce the highest good.
Optimism	A disposition to take the most hopeful view; -- opposed to pessimism.
Optimist	One who holds the opinion that all events are ordered for the best.
Optimist	One who looks on the bright side of things, or takes hopeful views; -- opposed to pessimist.
Optimistic	Of or pertaining to optimism; tending, or conforming, to the opinion that all events are ordered for the best.
Optimistic	Hopeful; sanguine; as, an optimistic view.
Optimity	The state of being best.
Option	The power of choosing; the right of choice or election; an alternative.
Option	The exercise of the power of choice; choice.
Option	A wishing; a wish.
Option	A right formerly belonging to an archbishop to select any one dignity or benefice in the gift of a suffragan bishop consecrated or confirmed by him, for bestowal by himself when next vacant; -- annulled by Parliament in 1845.
Option	A stipulated privilege, given to a party in a time contract, of demanding its fulfillment on any day within a specified limit.
Optional	Involving an option; depending on the exercise of an option; left to one's discretion or choice; not compulsory; as, optional studies; it is optional with you to go or stay.
Optional	See Elective, n.
Optionally	In an optional manner.
Optocoele	Alt. of Optocoelia
Optocoelia	The cavity of one of the optic lobes of the brain in many animals.
Optogram	An image of external objects fixed on the retina by the photochemical action of light on the visual purple. See Optography.
Optography	The production of an optogram on the retina by the photochemical action of light on the visual purple; the fixation of an image in the eye. The object so photographed shows white on a purple or red background. See Visual purple, under Visual.
Optometer	An instrument for measuring the distance of distinct vision, mainly for the selection of eveglasses.
Opulence	Wealth; riches; affluence.
Opulency	See Opulence.
Opulent	Having a large estate or property; wealthy; rich; affluent; as, an opulent city; an opulent citizen.
Opuntia	A genus of cactaceous plants; the prickly pear, or Indian fig.
Opera	of Opus
Opus	A work; specif. (Mus.), a musical composition.
Opuscle	Alt. of Opuscule
Opuscule	A small or petty work.
Opuscula	of Opusculum
Opusculum	An opuscule.
Opye	Opium.
Oquassa	A small, handsome trout (Salvelinus oquassa), found in some of the lakes in Maine; -- called also blueback trout.
-or	A noun suffix denoting an act; a state or quality; as in error, fervor, pallor, candor, etc.
-or	A noun suffix denoting an agent or doer; as in auditor, one who hears; donor, one who gives; obligor, elevator. It is correlative to -ee. In general -or is appended to words of Latin, and -er to those of English, origin. See -er.
Or	A particle that marks an alternative; as, you may read or may write, -- that is, you may do one of the things at your pleasure, but not both. It corresponds to either. You may ride either to London or to Windsor. It often connects a series of words or propositions, presenting a choice of either; as, he may study law, or medicine, or divinity, or he may enter into trade.
Or	Ere; before; sooner than.
Or	Yellow or gold color, -- represented in drawing or engraving by small dots.
Ora	A money of account among the Anglo-Saxons, valued, in the Domesday Book, at twenty pence sterling.
Orabassu	A South American monkey of the genus Callithrix, esp.
Orach	Alt. of Orache
Orache	A genus (Atriplex) of herbs or low shrubs of the Goosefoot family, most of them with a mealy surface.
Oracle	The answer of a god, or some person reputed to be a god, to an inquiry respecting some affair or future event, as the success of an enterprise or battle.
Oracle	Hence: The deity who was supposed to give the answer; also, the place where it was given.
Oracle	The communications, revelations, or messages delivered by God to the prophets; also, the entire sacred Scriptures -- usually in the plural.
Oracle	The sanctuary, or Most Holy place in the temple; also, the temple itself.
Oracle	One who communicates a divine command; an angel; a prophet.
Oracle	Any person reputed uncommonly wise; one whose decisions are regarded as of great authority; as, a literary oracle.
Oracle	A wise sentence or decision of great authority.
Oracled	of Oracle
Oracling	of Oracle
Oracle	To utter oracles.
Oracular	Of or pertaining to an oracle; uttering oracles; forecasting the future; as, an oracular tongue.
Oracular	Resembling an oracle in some way, as in solemnity, wisdom, authority, obscurity, ambiguity, dogmatism.
Oraculous	Oracular; of the nature of an oracle.
Oragious	Stormy.
Oraison	See Orison.
Oral	Uttered by the mouth, or in words; spoken, not written; verbal; as, oral traditions; oral testimony; oral law.
Oral	Of or pertaining to the mouth; surrounding or lining the mouth; as, oral cilia or cirri.
Orally	In an oral manner.
Orally	By, with, or in, the mouth; as, to receive the sacrament orally.
Orang	See Orang-outang.
Orange	The fruit of a tree of the genus Citrus (C. Aurantium). It is usually round, and consists of pulpy carpels, commonly ten in number, inclosed in a leathery rind, which is easily separable, and is reddish yellow when ripe.
Orange	The tree that bears oranges; the orange tree.
Orange	The color of an orange; reddish yellow.
Orange	Of or pertaining to an orange; of the color of an orange; reddish yellow; as, an orange ribbon.
Orangeade	A drink made of orange juice and water, corresponding to lemonade; orange sherbet.
Orangeat	Candied orange peel; also, orangeade.
Orangeism	Attachment to the principles of the society of Orangemen; the tenets or practices of the Orangemen.
-men	of Orangeman
Orangeman	One of a secret society, organized in the north of Ireland in 1795, the professed objects of which are the defense of the regning sovereign of Great Britain, the support of the Protestant religion, the maintenance of the laws of the kingdom, etc.; -- so called in honor of William, Prince of Orange, who became William III. of England.
Orangeroot	An American ranunculaceous plant (Hidrastis Canadensis), having a yellow tuberous root; -- also called yellowroot, golden seal, etc.
Orangery	A place for raising oranges; a plantation of orange trees.
Orangetawny	Deep orange-yellow; dark yellow.
Orangite	An orange-yellow variety of the mineral thorite, found in Norway.
Orang-outang	An arboreal anthropoid ape (Simia satyrus), which inhabits Borneo and Sumatra. Often called simply orang.
Orarian	Of or pertaining to a coast.
Oration	An elaborate discourse, delivered in public, treating an important subject in a formal and dignified manner; especially, a discourse having reference to some special occasion, as a funeral, an anniversary, a celebration, or the like; -- distinguished from an argument in court, a popular harangue, a sermon, a lecture, etc.; as, Webster's oration at Bunker Hill.
Oration	To deliver an oration.
Orator	A public speaker; one who delivers an oration; especially, one distinguished for his skill and power as a public speaker; one who is eloquent.
Orator	In equity proceedings, one who prays for relief; a petitioner.
Orator	A plaintiff, or complainant, in a bill in chancery.
Orator	An officer who is the voice of the university upon all public occasions, who writes, reads, and records all letters of a public nature, presents, with an appropriate address, those persons on whom honorary degrees are to be conferred, and performs other like duties; -- called also public orator.
Oratorial	Oratorical.
Oratorian	Oratorical.
Oratorian	See Fathers of the Oratory, under Oratory.
Oratorical	Of or pertaining to an orator or to oratory; characterized by oratory; rhetorical; becoming to an orator; as, an oratorical triumph; an oratorical essay.
Oratorio	A more or less dramatic text or poem, founded on some Scripture nerrative, or great divine event, elaborately set to music, in recitative, arias, grand choruses, etc., to be sung with an orchestral accompaniment, but without action, scenery, or costume, although the oratorio grew out of the Mysteries and the Miracle and Passion plays, which were acted.
Oratorio	Performance or rendering of such a composition.
Oratorious	Oratorical.
Oratorize	To play the orator.
Oratories	of Oratory
Oratory	A place of orisons, or prayer; especially, a chapel or small room set apart for private devotions.
Oratory	The art of an orator; the art of public speaking in an eloquent or effective manner; the exercise of rhetorical skill in oral discourse; eloquence.
Oratress	A woman who makes public addresses.
Oratrix	A woman plaintiff, or complainant, in equity pleading.
Orb	A blank window or panel.
Orb	A spherical body; a globe; especially, one of the celestial spheres; a sun, planet, or star.
Orb	One of the azure transparent spheres conceived by the ancients to be inclosed one within another, and to carry the heavenly bodies in their revolutions.
Orb	A circle; esp., a circle, or nearly circular orbit, described by the revolution of a heavenly body; an orbit.
Orb	A period of time marked off by the revolution of a heavenly body.
Orb	The eye, as luminous and spherical.
Orb	A revolving circular body; a wheel.
Orb	A sphere of action.
Orb	Same as Mound, a ball or globe. See lst Mound.
Orb	A body of soldiers drawn up in a circle, as for defense, esp. infantry to repel cavalry.
Orbed	of Orb
Orbing	of Orb
Orb	To form into an orb or circle.
Orb	To encircle; to surround; to inclose.
Orb	To become round like an orb.
Orbate	Bereaved; fatherless; childless.
Orbation	The state of being orbate, or deprived of parents or children; privation, in general; bereavement.
Orbed	Having the form of an orb; round.
Orbic	Alt. of Orbical
Orbical	Spherical; orbicular; orblike; circular.
Orbicle	A small orb, or sphere.
Orbicula	Same as Discina.
Orbicular	Resembling or having the form of an orb; spherical; circular; orbiculate.
Orbiculate	That which is orbiculate; especially, a solid the vertical section of which is oval, and the horizontal section circular.
Orbiculate	Alt. of Orbiculated
Orbiculated	Made, or being, in the form of an orb; having a circular, or nearly circular, or a spheroidal, outline.
Orbiculation	The state or quality of being orbiculate; orbicularness.
Orbit	The path described by a heavenly body in its periodical revolution around another body; as, the orbit of Jupiter, of the earth, of the moon.
Orbit	An orb or ball.
Orbit	The cavity or socket of the skull in which the eye and its appendages are situated.
Orbit	The skin which surrounds the eye of a bird.
Orbital	Of or pertaining to an orbit.
Orbitar	Orbital.
Orbitary	Situated around the orbit; as, the orbitary feathers of a bird.
Orbitelae	A division of spiders, including those that make geometrical webs, as the garden spider, or Epeira.
Orbitolites	A genus of living Foraminifera, forming broad, thin, circular disks, containing numerous small chambers.
Orbitonasal	Of or pertaining to the orbit and the nose; as, the orbitonasal, or ophthalmic, nerve.
Orbitosphenoid	Of or pertaining to the sphenoid bone and the orbit, or to the orbitosphenoid bone.
Orbitosphenoid	The orbitosphenoid bone, which is situated in the orbit on either side of the presphenoid. It generally forms a part of the sphenoid in the adult.
Orbitosphenoidal	Of or pertaining to the orbitosphenoid bone; orbitosphenoid.
Orbituary	Orbital.
Orbitude	Alt. of Orbity
Orbity	Orbation.
Orbulina	A genus of minute living Foraminifera having a globular shell.
Orby	Orblike; having the course of an orb; revolving.
Orc	The grampus.
Orcadian	Of or pertaining to the Orkney Islands.
Orcein	A reddish brown amorphous dyestuff, /, obtained from orcin, and forming the essential coloring matter of cudbear and archil. It is closely related to litmus.
Orchal	See Archil.
Orchanet	Same as Alkanet, 2.
Orchard	A garden.
Orchard	An inclosure containing fruit trees; also, the fruit trees, collectively; -- used especially of apples, peaches, pears, cherries, plums, or the like, less frequently of nutbearing trees and of sugar maple trees.
Orcharding	The cultivation of orchards.
Orcharding	Orchards, in general.
Orchardist	One who cultivates an orchard.
Orchel	Archil.
Orchesography	A treatise upon dancing.
Orchester	See Orchestra.
Orchestian	Any species of amphipod crustacean of the genus Orchestia, or family Orchestidae. See Beach flea, under Beach.
Orchestra	The space in a theater between the stage and the audience; -- originally appropriated by the Greeks to the chorus and its evolutions, afterward by the Romans to persons of distinction, and by the moderns to a band of instrumental musicians.
Orchestra	The place in any public hall appropriated to a band of instrumental musicians.
Orchestra	Loosely: A band of instrumental musicians performing in a theater, concert hall, or other place of public amusement.
Orchestra	Strictly: A band suitable for the performance of symphonies, overtures, etc., as well as for the accompaniment of operas, oratorios, cantatas, masses, and the like, or of vocal and instrumental solos.
Orchestra	A band composed, for the largest part, of players of the various viol instruments, many of each kind, together with a proper complement of wind instruments of wood and brass; -- as distinguished from a military or street band of players on wind instruments, and from an assemblage of solo players for the rendering of concerted pieces, such as septets, octets, and the like.
Orchestra	The instruments employed by a full band, collectively; as, an orchestra of forty stringed instruments, with proper complement of wind instruments.
Orchestral	Of or pertaining to an orchestra; suitable for, or performed in or by, an orchestra.
Orchestration	The arrangement of music for an orchestra; orchestral treatment of a composition; -- called also instrumentation.
Orchestre	See Orchestra.
Orchestric	Orchestral.
Orchestrion	A large music box imitating a variety of orchestral instruments.
Orchid	Any plant of the order Orchidaceae.  See Orchidaceous.
Orchidaceous	Pertaining to, or resembling, a natural order (Orchidaceae) of endogenous plants of which the genus Orchis is the type. They are mostly perennial herbs having the stamens and pistils united in a single column, and normally three petals and three sepals, all adherent to the ovary. The flowers are curiously shaped, often resembling insects, the odd or lower petal (called the lip) being unlike the others, and sometimes of a strange and unexpected appearance. About one hundred species occur in the United States, but several thousand in the tropics.
Orchidean	Orchidaceous.
Orchideous	Same as Orchidaceous.
Orchidologist	One versed in orchidology.
Orchidology	The branch of botany which treats of orchids.
Orchil	See Archil.
Orchilla weed	The lichen from which archil is obtained. See Archil.
Orchises	of Orchis
Orchis	A genus of endogenous plants growing in the North Temperate zone, and consisting of about eighty species. They are perennial herbs growing from a tuber (beside which is usually found the last year's tuber also), and are valued for their showy flowers. See Orchidaceous.
Orchis	Any plant of the same family with the orchis; an orchid.
Orchitis	Inflammation of the testicles.
Orchotomy	The operation of cutting out or removing a testicle by the knife; castration.
Orcin	A colorless crystalline substance, C6H3.CH3.(OH)2, which is obtained from certain lichens (Roccella, Lecanora, etc.), also from extract of aloes, and artificially from certain derivatives of toluene.  It changes readily into orcein.
Ord	An edge or point; also, a beginning.
Ordained	of Ordain
Ordaining	of Ordain
Ordain	To set in order; to arrange according to rule; to regulate; to set; to establish.
Ordain	To regulate, or establish, by appointment, decree, or law; to constitute; to decree; to appoint; to institute.
Ordain	To set apart for an office; to appoint.
Ordain	To invest with ministerial or sacerdotal functions; to introduce into the office of the Christian ministry, by the laying on of hands, or other forms; to set apart by the ceremony of ordination.
Ordainable	Capable of being ordained; worthy to be ordained or appointed.
Ordainer	One who ordains.
Ordainment	Ordination.
Ordal	Ordeal.
Ordalian	Of or pertaining to trial by ordeal.
Ordeal	An ancient form of test to determine guilt or innocence, by appealing to a supernatural decision, -- once common in Europe, and still practiced in the East and by savage tribes.
Ordeal	Any severe trial, or test; a painful experience.
Ordeal	Of or pertaining to trial by ordeal.
Order	Regular arrangement; any methodical or established succession or harmonious relation; method; system
Order	Of material things, like the books in a library.
Order	Of intellectual notions or ideas, like the topics of a discource.
Order	Of periods of time or occurrences, and the like.
Order	Right arrangement; a normal, correct, or fit condition; as, the house is in order; the machinery is out of order.
Order	The customary mode of procedure; established system, as in the conduct of debates or the transaction of business; usage; custom; fashion.
Order	Conformity with law or decorum; freedom from disturbance; general tranquillity; public quiet; as, to preserve order in a community or an assembly.
Order	That which prescribes a method of procedure; a rule or regulation made by competent authority; as, the rules and orders of the senate.
Order	A command; a mandate; a precept; a direction.
Order	Hence: A commission to purchase, sell, or supply goods; a direction, in writing, to pay money, to furnish supplies, to admit to a building, a place of entertainment, or the like; as, orders for blankets are large.
Order	A number of things or persons arranged in a fixed or suitable place, or relative position; a rank; a row; a grade; especially, a rank or class in society; a group or division of men in the same social or other position; also, a distinct character, kind, or sort; as, the higher or lower orders of society; talent of a high order.
Order	A body of persons having some common honorary distinction or rule of obligation; esp., a body of religious persons or aggregate of convents living under a common rule; as, the Order of the Bath; the Franciscan order.
Order	An ecclesiastical grade or rank, as of deacon, priest, or bishop; the office of the Christian ministry; -- often used in the plural; as, to take orders, or to take holy orders, that is, to enter some grade of the ministry.
Order	The disposition of a column and its component parts, and of the entablature resting upon it, in classical architecture; hence (as the column and entablature are the characteristic features of classical architecture) a style or manner of architectural designing.
Order	An assemblage of genera having certain important characters in common; as, the Carnivora and Insectivora are orders of Mammalia.
Order	The placing of words and members in a sentence in such a manner as to contribute to force and beauty or clearness of expression.
Order	Rank; degree; thus, the order of a curve or surface is the same as the degree of its equation.
Ordered	of Order
Ordering	of Order
Order	To put in order; to reduce to a methodical arrangement; to arrange in a series, or with reference to an end. Hence, to regulate; to dispose; to direct; to rule.
Order	To give an order to; to command; as, to order troops to advance.
Order	To give an order for; to secure by an order; as, to order a carriage; to order groceries.
Order	To admit to holy orders; to ordain; to receive into the ranks of the ministry.
Order	To give orders; to issue commands.
Orderable	Capable of being ordered; tractable.
Orderer	One who puts in order, arranges, methodizes, or regulates.
Orderer	One who gives orders.
Ordering	Disposition; distribution; management.
Orderless	Being without order or regularity; disorderly; out of rule.
Orderliness	The state or quality of being orderly.
Orderly	Conformed to order; in order; regular; as, an orderly course or plan.
Orderly	Observant of order, authority, or rule; hence, obedient; quiet; peaceable; not unruly; as, orderly children; an orderly community.
Orderly	Performed in good or established order; well-regulated.
Orderly	Being on duty; keeping order; conveying orders.
Orderly	According to due order; regularly; methodically; duly.
Orderlies	of Orderly
Orderly	A noncommissioned officer or soldier who attends a superior officer to carry his orders, or to render other service.
Orderly	A street sweeper.
Ordinability	Capability of being ordained or appointed.
Ordinable	Capable of being ordained or appointed.
Ordinal	Indicating order or succession; as, the ordinal numbers, first, second, third, etc.
Ordinal	Of or pertaining to an order.
Ordinal	A word or number denoting order or succession.
Ordinal	The book of forms for making, ordaining, and consecrating bishops, priests, and deacons.
Ordinal	A book containing the rubrics of the Mass.
Ordinalism	The state or quality of being ordinal.
Ordinance	Orderly arrangement; preparation; provision.
Ordinance	A rule established by authority; a permanent rule of action; a statute, law, regulation, rescript, or accepted usage; an edict or decree; esp., a local law enacted by a municipal government; as, a municipal ordinance.
Ordinance	An established rite or ceremony.
Ordinance	Rank; order; station.
Ordinance	Ordnance; cannon.
Ordinand	One about to be ordained.
Ordinant	Ordaining; decreeing.
Ordinant	One who ordains.
Ordinarily	According to established rules or settled method; as a rule; commonly; usually; in most cases; as, a winter more than ordinarily severe.
Ordinary	According to established order; methodical; settled; regular.
Ordinary	Common; customary; usual.
Ordinary	Of common rank, quality, or ability; not distinguished by superior excellence or beauty; hence, not distinguished in any way; commonplace; inferior; of little merit; as, men of ordinary judgment; an ordinary book.
Ordinaries	of Ordinary
Ordinary	An officer who has original jurisdiction in his own right, and not by deputation.
Ordinary	One who has immediate jurisdiction in matters ecclesiastical; an ecclesiastical judge; also, a deputy of the bishop, or a clergyman appointed to perform divine service for condemned criminals and assist in preparing them for death.
Ordinary	A judicial officer, having generally the powers of a judge of probate or a surrogate.
Ordinary	The mass; the common run.
Ordinary	That which is so common, or continued, as to be considered a settled establishment or institution.
Ordinary	Anything which is in ordinary or common use.
Ordinary	A dining room or eating house where a meal is prepared for all comers, at a fixed price for the meal, in distinction from one where each dish is separately charged; a table d'hote; hence, also, the meal furnished at such a dining room.
Ordinary	A charge or bearing of simple form, one of nine or ten which are in constant use. The bend, chevron, chief, cross, fesse, pale, and saltire are uniformly admitted as ordinaries. Some authorities include bar, bend sinister, pile, and others. See Subordinary.
Ordinaryship	The state of being an ordinary.
Ordinate	Well-ordered; orderly; regular; methodical.
Ordinate	The distance of any point in a curve or a straight line, measured on a line called the axis of ordinates or on a line parallel to it, from another line called the axis of abscissas, on which the corresponding abscissa of the point is measured.
Ordinate	To appoint, to regulate; to harmonize.
Ordinately	In an ordinate manner; orderly.
Ordination	The act of ordaining, appointing, or setting apart; the state of being ordained, appointed, etc.
Ordination	The act of setting apart to an office in the Christian ministry; the conferring of holy orders.
Ordination	Disposition; arrangement; order.
Ordinative	Tending to ordain; directing; giving order.
Ordinator	One who ordains or establishes; a director.
Ordnance	Heavy weapons of warfare; cannon, or great guns, mortars, and howitzers; artillery; sometimes, a general term for all weapons and appliances used in war.
Ordonnance	The disposition of the parts of any composition with regard to one another and the whole.
Ordonnant	Of or pertaining to ordonnance.
Ordovian	Ordovician.
Ordovician	Of or pertaining to a division of the Silurian formation, corresponding in general to the Lower Silurian of most authors, exclusive of the Cambrian.
Ordovician	The Ordovician formation.
Ordure	Dung; excrement; faeces.
Ordure	Defect; imperfection; fault.
Ordurous	Of or pertaining to ordure; filthy.
Ore	Honor; grace; favor; mercy; clemency; happy augry.
Ore	The native form of a metal, whether free and uncombined, as gold, copper, etc., or combined, as iron, lead, etc.  Usually the ores contain the metals combined with oxygen, sulphur, arsenic, etc. (called mineralizers).
Ore	A native metal or its compound with the rock in which it occurs, after it has been picked over to throw out what is worthless.
Ore	Metal; as, the liquid ore.
Oread	One of the nymphs of mountains and grottoes.
Oreades	A group of butterflies which includes the satyrs. See Satyr, 2.
Orectic	Of or pertaining to the desires; hence, impelling to gratification; appetitive.
Oregon grape	An evergreen species of barberry (Berberis Aquifolium), of Oregon and California; also, its roundish, blue-black berries.
Oreide	See Oroide.
Oreodon	A genus of extinct herbivorous mammals, abundant in the Tertiary formation of the Rocky Mountains. It is more or less related to the camel, hog, and deer.
Oreodont	Resembling, or allied to, the genus Oreodon.
Oreographic	Of or pertaining to oreography.
Oreography	The science of mountains; orography.
Oreoselin	A white crystalline substance which is obtained indirectly from the root of an umbelliferous plant (Imperatoria Oreoselinum), and yields resorcin on decomposition.
Oreosoma	A genus of small oceanic fishes, remarkable for the large conical tubercles which cover the under surface.
Oreweed	Same as Oarweed.
Orewood	Same as Oarweed.
Orf	Alt. of Orfe
Orfe	A bright-colored domesticated variety of the id. See Id.
Orfgild	Restitution for cattle; a penalty for taking away cattle.
Orfray	The osprey.
Orfrays	See Orphrey. [Obs.] Rom. of R.
Orgal	See Argol.
Organ	An instrument or medium by which some important action is performed, or an important end accomplished; as, legislatures, courts, armies, taxgatherers, etc., are organs of government.
Organ	A natural part or structure in an animal or a plant, capable of performing some special action (termed its function), which is essential to the life or well-being of the whole; as, the heart, lungs, etc., are organs of animals; the root, stem, foliage, etc., are organs of plants.
Organ	A component part performing an essential office in the working of any complex machine; as, the cylinder, valves, crank, etc., are organs of the steam engine.
Organ	A medium of communication between one person or body and another; as, the secretary of state is the organ of communication between the government and a foreign power; a newspaper is the organ of its editor, or of a party, sect, etc.
Organ	A wind instrument containing numerous pipes of various dimensions and kinds, which are filled with wind from a bellows, and played upon by means of keys similar to those of a piano, and sometimes by foot keys or pedals; -- formerly used in the plural, each pipe being considired an organ.
Organ	To supply with an organ or organs; to fit with organs; to organize.
Organdie	Alt. of Organdy
Organdy	A kind of transparent light muslin.
Organic	Of or pertaining to an organ or its functions, or to objects composed of organs; consisting of organs, or containing them; as, the organic structure of animals and plants; exhibiting characters peculiar to living organisms; as, organic bodies, organic life, organic remains.  Cf. Inorganic.
Organic	Produced by the organs; as, organic pleasure.
Organic	Instrumental; acting as instruments of nature or of art to a certain destined function or end.
Organic	Forming a whole composed of organs. Hence: Of or pertaining to a system of organs; inherent in, or resulting from, a certain organization; as, an organic government; his love of truth was not inculcated, but organic.
Organic	Pertaining to, or denoting, any one of the large series of substances which, in nature or origin, are connected with vital processes, and include many substances of artificial production which may or may not occur in animals or plants; -- contrasted with inorganic.
Organical	Organic.
Organically	In an organic manner; by means of organs or with reference to organic functions; hence, fundamentally.
Organicalness	The quality or state of being organic.
Organicism	The doctrine of the localization of disease, or which refers it always to a material lesion of an organ.
Organific	Making an organic or organized structure; producing an organism; acting through, or resulting from, organs.
Organism	Organic structure; organization.
Organism	An organized being; a living body, either vegetable or animal, compozed of different organs or parts with functions which are separate, but mutually dependent, and essential to the life of the individual.
Organist	One who plays on the organ.
Organist	One of the priests who organized or sung in parts.
Organista	Any one of several South American wrens, noted for the sweetness of their song.
Organity	Organism.
Organizability	Quality of being organizable; capability of being organized.
Organizable	Capable of being organized; esp. (Biol.), capable of being formed into living tissue; as, organizable matter.
Organization	The act of organizing; the act of arranging in a systematic way for use or action; as, the organization of an army, or of a deliberative body.
Organization	The state of being organized; also, the relations included in such a state or condition.
Organization	That which is organized; an organized existence; an organism
Organization	an arrangement of parts for the performance of the functions necessary to life.
Organized	of Organize
Organizing	of Organize
Organize	To furnish with organs; to give an organic structure to; to endow with capacity for the functions of life; as, an organized being; organized matter; -- in this sense used chiefly in the past participle.
Organize	To arrange or constitute in parts, each having a special function, act, office, or relation; to systematize; to get into working order; -- applied to products of the human intellect, or to human institutions and undertakings, as a science, a government, an army, a war, etc.
Organize	To sing in parts; as, to organize an anthem.
Organizer	One who organizes.
Organling	A large kind of sea fish; the orgeis.
Organo-	A combining form denoting relation to, or connection with, an organ or organs.
Organogen	A name given to any one of the four elements, carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, and nitrogen, which are especially characteristic ingredients of organic compounds; also, by extension, to other elements sometimes found in the same connection; as sulphur, phosphorus, etc.
Organogenesis	The origin and development of organs in animals and plants.
Organogenesis	The germ history of the organs and systems of organs, -- a branch of morphogeny.
Organogenic	Of or pertaining to organogenesis.
Organogeny	Organogenesis.
Organographic	Alt. of Organographical
Organographical	Of or pertaining to organography.
Organographist	One versed in organography.
Organography	A description of the organs of animals or plants.
Organoleptic	Making an impression upon an organ; plastic; -- said of the effect or impression produced by any substance on the organs of touch, taste, or smell, and also on the organism as a whole.
Organological	Of or relating to organology.
Organology	The science of organs or of anything considered as an organic structure.
Organology	That branch of biology which treats, in particular, of the organs of animals and plants. See Morphology.
Organometallic	Metalorganic.
Organon	Alt. of Organum
Organum	An organ or instrument; hence, a method by which philosophical or scientific investigation may be conducted; -- a term adopted from the Aristotelian writers by Lord Bacon, as the title ("Novum Organon") of part of his treatise on philosophical method.
Organonymy	The designation or nomenclature of organs.
Organophyly	The tribal history of organs, -- a branch of morphophyly.
Organoplastic	Having the property of producing the tissues or organs of animals and plants; as, the organoplastic cells.
Organoscopy	Phrenology.
Organotrophic	Relating to the creation, organization, and nutrition of living organs or parts.
Organule	One of the essential cells or elements of an organ. See Sense organule, under Sense.
Organy	See Origan.
Organzine	A kind of double thrown silk of very fine texture, that is, silk twisted like a rope with different strands, so as to increase its strength.
Orgasm	Eager or immoderate excitement or action; the state of turgescence of any organ; erethism; esp., the height of venereal excitement in sexual intercourse.
Orgeat	A sirup in which, formerly, a decoction of barley entered, but which is now prepared with an emulsion of almonds, -- used to flavor beverages or edibles.
Orgeis	See Organling.
Orgiastic	Pertaining to, or of the nature of, orgies.
Orgies	A sacrifice accompanied by certain ceremonies in honor of some pagan deity; especially, the ceremonies observed by the Greeks and Romans in the worship of Dionysus, or Bacchus, which were characterized by wild and dissolute revelry.
Orgies	Drunken revelry; a carouse.
Orgillous	Proud; haughty.
Orgue	Any one of a number of long, thick pieces of timber, pointed and shod with iron, and suspended, each by a separate rope, over a gateway, to be let down in case of attack.
Orgue	A piece of ordnance, consisting of a number of musket barrels arranged so that a match or train may connect with all their touchholes, and a discharge be secured almost or quite simultaneously.
Orgulous	See Orgillous.
Orgies	of Orgy
Orgy	A frantic revel; drunken revelry. See Orgies
Orgyia	A genus of bombycid moths whose caterpillars (esp. those of Orgyia leucostigma) are often very injurious to fruit trees and shade trees. The female is wingless. Called also vaporer moth.
Oricalche	See Orichalch.
Orichalceous	Pertaining to, or resembling, orichalch; having a color or luster like that of brass.
Orichalch	A metallic substance, resembling gold in color, but inferior in value; a mixed metal of the ancients, resembling brass; -- called also aurichalcum, orichalcum, etc.
Oriel	A gallery for minstrels.
Oriel	A small apartment next a hall, where certain persons were accustomed to dine; a sort of recess.
Oriel	A bay window. See Bay window.
Oriency	Brightness or strength of color.
Orient	Rising, as the sun.
Orient	Eastern; oriental.
Orient	Bright; lustrous; superior; pure; perfect; pellucid; -- used of gems and also figuratively, because the most perfect jewels are found in the East.
Orient	The part of the horizon where the sun first appears in the morning; the east.
Orient	The countries of Asia or the East.
Orient	A pearl of great luster.
Orient	To define the position of, in relation to the orient or east; hence, to ascertain the bearings of.
Orient	Fig.: To correct or set right by recurring to first principles; to arrange in order; to orientate.
Oriental	Of or pertaining to the orient or east; eastern; concerned with the East or Orientalism; -- opposed to occidental; as, Oriental countries.
Oriental	A native or inhabitant of the Orient or some Eastern part of the world; an Asiatic.
Oriental	Eastern Christians of the Greek rite.
Orientalism	Any system, doctrine, custom, expression, etc., peculiar to Oriental people.
Orientalism	Knowledge or use of Oriental languages, history, literature, etc.
Orientalist	An inhabitant of the Eastern parts of the world; an Oriental.
Orientalist	One versed in Eastern languages, literature, etc.; as, the Paris Congress of Orientalists.
Orientality	The quality or state of being oriental or eastern.
Orientalized	of Orientalize
Orientalizing	of Orientalize
Orientalize	to render Oriental; to cause to conform to Oriental manners or conditions.
Orientated	of Orientate
Orientating	of Orientate
Orientate	To place or turn toward the east; to cause to assume an easterly direction, or to veer eastward.
Orientate	To arrange in order; to dispose or place (a body) so as to show its relation to other bodies, or the relation of its parts among themselves.
Orientate	To move or turn toward the east; to veer from the north or south toward the east.
Orientation	The act or process of orientating; determination of the points of the compass, or the east point, in taking bearings.
Orientation	The tendency of a revolving body, when suspended in a certain way, to bring the axis of rotation into parallelism with the earth's axis.
Orientation	An aspect or fronting to the east; especially (Arch.), the placing of a church so that the chancel, containing the altar toward which the congregation fronts in worship, will be on the east end.
Orientation	Fig.: A return to first principles; an orderly arrangement.
Orientness	The quality or state of being orient or bright; splendor.
Orifice	A mouth or aperture, as of a tube, pipe, etc.; an opening; as, the orifice of an artery or vein; the orifice of a wound.
Oriflamb	Alt. of Oriflamme
Oriflamme	The ancient royal standard of France.
Oriflamme	A standard or ensign, in battle.
Origan	Alt. of Origanum
Origanum	A genus of aromatic labiate plants, including the sweet marjoram (O. Marjorana) and the wild marjoram (O. vulgare).
Origenism	The opinions of Origen of Alexandria, who lived in the 3d century, one of the most learned of the Greek Fathers. Prominent in his teaching was the doctrine that all created beings, including Satan, will ultimately be saved.
Origenist	A follower of Origen of Alexandria.
Origin	The first existence or beginning of anything; the birth.
Origin	That from which anything primarily proceeds; the fountain; the spring; the cause; the occasion.
Origin	The point of attachment or end of a muscle which is fixed during contraction; -- in contradistinction to insertion.
Originable	Capable of being originated.
Original	Pertaining to the origin or beginning; preceding all others; first in order; primitive; primary; pristine; as, the original state of man; the original laws of a country; the original inventor of a process.
Original	Not copied, imitated, or translated; new; fresh; genuine; as, an original thought; an original process; the original text of Scripture.
Original	Having the power to suggest new thoughts or combinations of thought; inventive; as, an original genius.
Original	Before unused or unknown; new; as, a book full of original matter.
Original	Origin; commencement; source.
Original	That which precedes all others of its class; archetype; first copy; hence, an original work of art, manuscript, text, and the like, as distinguished from a copy, translation, etc.
Original	An original thinker or writer; an originator.
Original	A person of marked eccentricity.
Original	The natural or wild species from which a domesticated or cultivated variety has been derived; as, the wolf is thought by some to be the original of the dog, the blackthorn the original of the plum.
Originalist	One who is original.
Originality	The quality or state of being original.
Originally	In the original time, or in an original manner; primarily; from the beginning or origin; not by derivation, or imitation.
Originally	At first; at the origin; at the time of formation or costruction; as, a book originally written by another hand.
Originalness	The quality of being original; originality.
Originant	Originating; original.
Originary	Causing existence; productive.
Originary	Primitive; primary; original.
Originated	of Originate
Originating	of Originate
Originate	To give an origin or beginning to; to cause to be; to bring into existence; to produce as new.
Originate	To take first existence; to have origin or beginning; to begin to exist or act; as, the scheme originated with the governor and council.
Origination	The act or process of bringing or coming into existence; first production.
Origination	Mode of production, or bringing into being.
Originative	Having power, or tending, to originate, or bring into existence; originating.
Originator	One who originates.
Orillon	A semicircular projection made at the shoulder of a bastion for the purpose of covering the retired flank, -- found in old fortresses.
Oriol	See Oriel.
Oriole	 Any one of various species of Old World singing birds of the family Oriolidae. They are usually conspicuously colored with yellow and black. The European or golden oriole (Oriolus galbula, or O. oriolus) has a very musical flutelike note. 
Oriole	In America, any one of several species of the genus Icterus, belonging to the family Icteridae. See Baltimore oriole, and Orchard oriole, under Orchard.
Orion	A large and bright constellation on the equator, between the stars Aldebaran and Sirius. It contains a remarkable nebula visible to the naked eye.
Oriskany	Designating, or pertaining to, certain beds, chiefly limestone, characteristic of the latest period of the Silurian age.
Orismological	Of or pertaining to orismology.
Orismology	That departament of natural history which treats of technical terms.
Orison	A prayer; a supplication.
Orisont	Horizon.
Ork	See Orc.
Orkneyan	Of or pertaining to the Orkney islands.
Orle	A bearing, in the form of a fillet, round the shield, within, but at some distance from, the border.
Orle	The wreath, or chaplet, surmounting or encircling the helmet of a knight and bearing the crest.
Orleans	A cloth made of worsted and cotton, -- used for wearing apparel.
Orleans	A variety of the plum. See under Plum.
Orlo	A wind instrument of music in use among the Spaniards.
Orlop	The lowest deck of a vessel, esp. of a ship of war, consisting of a platform laid over the beams in the hold, on which the cables are coiled.
Ormer	An abalone.
Ormolu	A variety of brass made to resemble gold by the use of less zinc and more copper in its composition than ordinary brass contains. Its golden color is often heightened by means of lacquer of some sort, or by use of acids. Called also mosaic gold.
Ormuzd	The good principle, or being, of the ancient Persian religion. See Ahriman.
Orn	To ornament; to adorn.
Ornament	That which embellishes or adorns; that which adds grace or beauty; embellishment; decoration; adornment.
Ornamented	of Ornament
Ornamenting	of Ornament
Ornament	To adorn; to deck; to embellish; to beautify; as, to ornament a room, or a city.
Ornamental	Serving to ornament; characterized by ornament; beautifying; embellishing.
Ornamentally	By way of ornament.
Ornamentation	The act or art of ornamenting, or the state of being ornamented.
Ornamentation	That which ornaments; ornament.
Ornamenter	One who ornaments; a decorator.
Ornate	Adorned; decorated; beautiful.
Ornate	Finely finished, as a style of composition.
Ornate	To adorn; to honor.
Ornately	In an ornate manner.
Ornateness	The quality of being ornate.
Ornature	Decoration; ornamentation.
Ornithic	Of or pertaining to birds; as, ornithic fossils.
Ornithichnite	The footmark of a bird occurring in strata of stone.
Ornithichnology	The branch of science which treats of ornithichnites.
Ornitho-	A combining form fr. Gr. /, /, a bird.
Ornithodelphia	Same as Monotremata.
Ornithoidichnite	A fossil track resembling that of a bird.
Ornitholite	The fossil remains of a bird.
Ornitholite	A stone of various colors bearing the figures of birds.
Ornithologic	Alt. of Ornithological
Ornithological	Of or pertaining to ornithology.
Ornithologist	One skilled in ornithology; a student of ornithology; one who describes birds.
Ornithology	That branch of zoology which treats of the natural history of birds and their classification.
Ornithology	A treatise or book on this science.
Ornithomancy	Divination by means of birds, their flight, etc.
Ornithon	An aviary; a poultry house.
Ornithopappi	An extinct order of birds. It includes only the Archaeopteryx.
Ornithopoda	An order of herbivorous dinosaurs with birdlike characteristics in the skeleton, esp. in the pelvis and hind legs, which in some genera had only three functional toes, and supported the body in walking as in Iguanodon. See Illust. in Appendix.
Ornithorhynchus	See Duck mole, under Duck.
Ornithosauria	An order of extinct flying reptiles; -- called also Pterosauria.
Ornithoscelida	A group of extinct Reptilia, intermediate in structure (especially with regard to the pelvis) between reptiles and birds.
Ornithoscopy	Observation of birds and their habits.
Ornithotomical	Of or pertaining to ornithotomy.
Ornithotomist	One who is skilled in ornithotomy.
Ornithotomy	The anatomy or dissection of birds.
Orographic	Alt. of Orographical
Orographical	Of or pertaining to orography.
Orography	That branch of science which treats of mountains and mountain systems; orology; as, the orography of Western Europe.
Orohippus	A genus of American Eocene mammals allied to the horse, but having four toes in front and three behind.
Oroide	An alloy, chiefly of copper and zinc or tin, resembling gold in color and brilliancy.
Orological	Of or pertaining to orology.
Orologist	One versed in orology.
Orology	The science or description of mountains.
Orotund	Characterized by fullness, clearness, strength, and smoothness; ringing and musical; -- said of the voice or manner of utterance.
Orotund	The orotund voice or utterance
Orotundity	The orotund mode of intonation.
Orphaline	See Orpheline.
Orphan	A child bereaved of both father and mother; sometimes, also, a child who has but one parent living.
Orphan	Bereaved of parents, or (sometimes) of one parent.
Orphaned	of Orphan
Orphaning	of Orphan
Orphan	To cause to become an orphan; to deprive of parents.
Orphanage	The state of being an orphan; orphanhood; orphans, collectively.
Orphanage	An institution or asylum for the care of orphans.
Orphancy	Orphanhood.
Orphanet	A little orphan.
Orphanhood	The state or condition of being an orphan; orphanage.
Orphanism	Orphanhood.
Orphanotrophism	The care and support of orphans.
Orphanotrophy	A hospital for orphans.
Orphanotrophy	The act of supporting orphans.
Orpharion	An old instrument of the lute or cittern kind.
Orphean	Of or pertaining to Orpheus, the mythic poet and musician; as, Orphean strains.
Orpheline	An orphan.
Orpheus	The famous mythic Thracian poet, son of the Muse Calliope, and husband of Eurydice. He is reputed to have had power to entrance beasts and inanimate objects by the music of his lyre.
Orphic	Pertaining to Orpheus; Orphean; as, Orphic hymns.
Orphrey	A band of rich embroidery, wholly or in part of gold, affixed to vestments, especially those of ecclesiastics.
Orpiment	Arsenic sesquisulphide, produced artificially as an amorphous lemonyellow powder, and occurring naturally as a yellow crystalline mineral; -- formerly called auripigment. It is used in king's yellow, in white Indian fire, and in certain technical processes, as indigo printing.
Orpin	A yellow pigment of various degrees of intensity, approaching also to red.
Orpin	The orpine.
Orpine	A low plant with fleshy leaves (Sedum telephium), having clusters of purple flowers. It is found on dry, sandy places, and on old walls, in England, and has become naturalized in America. Called also stonecrop, and live-forever.
Orrach	See Orach.
Orreries	of Orrery
Orrery	An apparatus which illustrates, by the revolution of balls moved by wheelwork, the relative size, periodic motions, positions, orbits, etc., of bodies in the solar system.
Orris	A plant of the genus Iris (I. Florentina); a kind of flower-de-luce. Its rootstock has an odor resembling that of violets.
Orris	A sort of gold or silver lace.
Orris	A peculiar pattern in which gold lace or silver lace is worked; especially, one in which the edges are ornamented with conical figures placed at equal distances, with spots between them.
Orsedew	Alt. of Orsedue
Orsedue	Leaf metal of bronze; Dutch metal. See under Dutch.
Orseille	See Archil.
Orsellic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid found in certain lichens, and called also lecanoric acid.
Orsellinic	Pertaining to, or designating, an organic acid obtained by a partial decomposition of orsellic acid as a white crystalline substance, and related to protocatechuic acid.
Orts	of Ort
Ort	A morsel left at a meal; a fragment; refuse; -- commonly used in the plural.
Ortalidian	Any one of numerous small two-winged flies of the family Ortalidae. The larvae of many of these flies live in fruit; those of others produce galls on various plants.
Orthid	A brachiopod shell of the genus Orthis, and allied genera, of the family Orthidae.
Orthis	An extinct genus of Brachiopoda, abundant in the Paleozoic rocks.
Orthite	A variety of allanite occurring in slender prismatic crystals.
Ortho-	A combining form signifying straight, right, upright, correct, regular; as, orthodromy, orthodiagonal, orthodox, orthographic.
Ortho-	A combining form (also used adjectively)
Ortho-	The one of several acids of the same element (as the phosphoric acids), which actually occurs with the greatest number of hydroxyl groups; as, orthophosphoric acid.  Cf. Normal.
Ortho-	Connection with, or affinity to, one variety of isomerism, characteristic of the benzene compounds; -- contrasted with meta- or para-; as, the ortho position; hence, designating any substance showing such isomerism; as, an ortho compound.
Orthocarbonic	Designating a complex ether, C.(OC2H5)4, which is obtained as a liquid of a pleasant ethereal odor by means of chlorpicrin, and is believed to be a derivative of the hypothetical normal carbonic acid, C.(OH)4.
Orthocenter	That point in which the three perpendiculars let fall from the angles of a triangle upon the opposite sides, or the sides produced, mutually intersect.
Orthoceras	An extinct genus of Paleozoic Cephalopoda, having a long, straight, conical shell. The interior is divided into numerous chambers by transverse septa.
Orthoceratite	An orthoceras; also, any fossil shell allied to Orthoceras.
Orthoclase	Common or potash feldspar crystallizing in the monoclinic system and having two cleavages at right angles to each other. See Feldspar.
Orthoclastic	Breaking in directions at right angles to each other; -- said of the monoclinic feldspars.
Orthodiagonal	The diagonal or lateral axis in a monoclinic crystal which is at right angles with the vertical axis.
Orthodome	See the Note under Dome, 4.
Orthodox	Sound in opinion or doctrine, especially in religious doctrine; hence, holding the Christian faith; believing the doctrines taught in the Scriptures; -- opposed to heretical and heterodox; as, an orthodox Christian.
Orthodox	According or congruous with the doctrines of Scripture, the creed of a church, the decree of a council, or the like; as, an orthodox opinion, book, etc.
Orthodox	Approved; conventional.
Orthodoxal	Pertaining to, or evincing, orthodoxy; orthodox.
Orthodoxality	Orthodoxness.
Orthodoxally	Orthodoxly.
Orthodoxastical	Orthodox.
Orthodoxical	Pertaining to, or evincing, orthodoxy; orthodox.
Orthodoxly	In an orthodox manner; with soundness of faith.
Orthodoxness	The quality or state of being orthodox; orthodoxy.
Orthodoxy	Soundness of faith; a belief in the doctrines taught in the Scriptures, or in some established standard of faith; -- opposed to heterodoxy or to heresy.
Orthodoxy	Consonance to genuine Scriptural doctrines; -- said of moral doctrines and beliefs; as, the orthodoxy of a creed.
Orthodoxy	By extension, said of any correct doctrine or belief.
Orthodromic	Of or pertaining to orthodromy.
Orthodromics	The art of sailing in a direct course, or on the arc of a great circle, which is the shortest distance between any two points on the surface of the globe; great-circle sailing; orthodromy.
Orthodromy	The act or art of sailing on a great circle.
Orthoepic	Alt. of Orthoepical
Orthoepical	Of or pertaining to orthoepy, or correct pronunciation.
Orthoepist	One who is skilled in orthoepy.
Orthoepy	The art of uttering words correctly; a correct pronunciation of words; also, mode of pronunciation.
Orthogamy	Direct fertilization in plants, as when the pollen fertilizing the ovules comes from the stamens of the same blossom; -- opposed to heterogamy.
Orthognathic	Orthognathous.
Orthognathism	The quality or state of being orthognathous.
Orthognathous	Having the front of the head, or the skull, nearly perpendicular, not retreating backwards above the jaws; -- opposed to prognathous. See Gnathic index, under Gnathic.
Orthogon	A rectangular figure.
Orthogonal	Right-angled; rectangular; as, an orthogonal intersection of one curve with another.
Orthogonally	Perpendicularly; at right angles; as, a curve cuts a set of curves orthogonally.
Orthographer	One versed in orthography; one who spells words correctly.
Orthographic	Alt. of Orthographical
Orthographical	Of or pertaining to orthography, or right spelling; also, correct in spelling; as, orthographical rules; the letter was orthographic.
Orthographical	Of or pertaining to right lines or angles.
Orthographically	In an orthographical manner
Orthographically	according to the rules of proper spelling
Orthographically	according to orthographic projection.
Orthographist	One who spells words correctly; an orthographer.
Orthographize	To spell correctly or according to usage; to correct in regard to spelling.
Orthography	The art or practice of writing words with the proper letters, according to standard usage; conventionally correct spelling; also, mode of spelling; as, his orthography is vicious.
Orthography	The part of grammar which treats of the letters, and of the art of spelling words correctly.
Orthography	A drawing in correct projection, especially an elevation or a vertical section.
Orthology	The right description of things.
Orthometric	Having the axes at right angles to one another; -- said of crystals or crystalline forms.
Orthometry	The art or practice of constructing verses correctly; the laws of correct versification.
Orthomorphic	Having the right form.
Orthopedic	Alt. of Orthopedical
Orthopedical	Pertaining to, or employed in, orthopedy; relating to the prevention or cure of deformities of children, or, in general, of the human body at any age; as, orthopedic surgery; an orthopedic hospital.
Orthopedist	One who prevents, cures, or remedies deformities, esp. in children.
Orthopedy	The art or practice of curing the deformities of children, or, by extension, any deformities of the human body.
Orthophony	The art of correct articulation; voice training.
Orthopinacoid	A name given to the two planes in the monoclinic system which are parallel to the vertical and orthodiagonal axes.
Orthopn/a	Alt. of Orthopny
Orthopny	Specifically, a morbid condition in which respiration can be performed only in an erect posture; by extension, any difficulty of breathing.
Orthopoda	An extinct order of reptiles which stood erect on the hind legs, and resembled birds in the structure of the feet, pelvis, and other parts.
Orthopraxy	The treatment of deformities in the human body by mechanical appliances.
Orthoptera	An order of mandibulate insects including grasshoppers, locusts, cockroaches, etc. See Illust. under Insect.
Orthopteran	One of the Orthoptera.
Orthopterous	Of or pertaining to the Orthoptera.
Orthorhombic	Noting the system of crystallization which has three unequal axes at right angles to each other; trimetric. See Crystallization.
Orthoscope	An instrument designed to show the condition of the superficial portions of the eye.
Orthoscopic	Giving an image in correct or normal proportions; giving a flat field of view; as, an orthoscopic eyepiece.
Orthosilicic	Designating the form of silicic acid having the normal or highest number of hydroxyl groups.
Orthospermous	Having the seeds straight, as in the fruits of some umbelliferous plants; -- opposed to coelospermous.
Orthostade	A chiton, or loose, ungirded tunic, falling in straight folds.
Orthostichies	of Orthostichy
Orthostichy	A longitudinal rank, or row, of leaves along a stem.
Orthotomic	Cutting at right angles.
Orthotomous	Having two cleavages at right angles with one another.
Orthotomy	The property of cutting at right angles.
Orthotone	Retaining the accent; not enclitic; -- said of certain indefinite pronouns and adverbs when used interrogatively, which, when not so used, are ordinarilly enclitic.
Orthotropal	Alt. of Orthotropous
Orthotropous	Having the axis of an ovule or seed straight from the hilum and chalaza to the orifice or the micropyle; atropous.
Orthotropic	Having the longer axis vertical; -- said of erect stems.
Orthoxylene	That variety of xylene in which the two methyl groups are in the ortho position; a colorless, liquid, combustible hydrocarbon resembling benzene.
Ortive	Of or relating to the time or act of rising; eastern; as, the ortive amplitude of a planet.
Ortolan	A European singing bird (Emberiza hortulana), about the size of the lark, with black wings. It is esteemed delicious food when fattened. Called also bunting.
Ortolan	In England, the wheatear (Saxicola oenanthe).
Ortolan	In America, the sora, or Carolina rail (Porzana Carolina). See Sora.
Ortygan	One of several species of East Indian birds of the genera Ortygis and Hemipodius.  They resemble quails, but lack the hind toe. See Turnix.
Orval	A kind of sage (Salvia Horminum).
Orvet	The blindworm.
Orvietan	A kind of antidote for poisons; a counter poison formerly in vogue.
-ory	An adjective suffix meaning of or pertaining to, serving for; as in auditory, pertaining to or serving for hearing; prohibitory, amendatory, etc.
-ory	A noun suffix denoting that which pertains to, or serves for; as in ambulatory, that which serves for walking; consistory, factory, etc.
Oryal	Alt. of Oryall
Oryall	See Oriel.
Oryctere	The aard-vark.
Orycterope	Same as Oryctere.
Oryctognosy	Mineralogy.
Oryctography	Description of fossils.
Oryctological	Of or pertaining to oryctology.
Oryctologist	One versed in oryctology.
Oryctology	An old name for paleontology.
Oryctology	An old name for mineralogy and geology.
Oryx	A genus of African antelopes which includes the gemsbok, the leucoryx, the bisa antelope (O. beisa), and the beatrix antelope (O. beatrix) of Arabia.
Oryza	A genus of grasses including the rice plant; rice.
Ossa	of Os
Os	A bone.
Ora	of Os
Os	A mouth; an opening; an entrance.
Osar	of Os
Os	One of the ridges of sand or gravel found in Sweden, etc., supposed by some to be of marine origin, but probably formed by subglacial waters. The osar are similar to the kames of Scotland and the eschars of Ireland. See Eschar.
Osage orange	An ornamental tree of the genus Maclura (M. aurantiaca), closely allied to the mulberry (Morus); also, its fruit. The tree was first found in the country of the Osage Indians, and bears a hard and inedible fruit of an orangelike appearance. See Bois d'arc.
Osages	A tribe of southern Sioux Indians, now living in the Indian Territory.
Osanne	Hosanna.
Osar	See 3d Os.
Oscan	Of or pertaining to the Osci, a primitive people of Campania, a province of ancient Italy.
Oscan	The language of the Osci.
Oscillancy	The state of oscillating; a seesaw kind of motion.
Oscillaria	A genus of dark green, or purplish black, filamentous, fresh-water algae, the threads of which have an automatic swaying or crawling motion. Called also Oscillatoria.
Oscillated	of Oscillate
Oscillating	of Oscillate
Oscillate	To move backward and forward; to vibrate like a pendulum; to swing; to sway.
Oscillate	To vary or fluctuate between fixed limits; to act or move in a fickle or fluctuating manner; to change repeatedly, back and forth.
Oscillating	That oscillates; vibrating; swinging.
Oscillation	The act of oscillating; a swinging or moving backward and forward, like a pendulum; vibration.
Oscillation	Fluctuation; variation; change back and forth.
Oscillative	Tending to oscillate; vibratory.
Oscillatoria	Same as Oscillaria.
Oscillatory	Moving, or characterized by motion, backward and forward like a pendulum; swinging; oscillating; vibratory; as, oscillatory motion.
Oscine	Relating to the Oscines.
Oscines	Singing birds; a group of the Passeres, having numerous syringeal muscles, conferring musical ability.
Oscinian	One of the Oscines, or singing birds.
Oscinian	Any one of numerous species of dipterous files of the family Oscinidae.
Oscinine	Of or pertaining to the Oscines.
Oscitancy	The act of gaping or yawning.
Oscitancy	Drowsiness; dullness; sluggishness.
Oscitant	Yawning; gaping.
Oscitant	Sleepy; drowsy; dull; sluggish; careless.
Oscitantly	In an oscitant manner.
Oscitate	To gape; to yawn.
Oscitation	The act of yawning or gaping.
Osculant	Kissing; hence, meeting; clinging.
Osculant	Adhering closely; embracing; -- applied to certain creeping animals, as caterpillars.
Osculant	Intermediate in character, or on the border, between two genera, groups, families, etc., of animals or plants, and partaking somewhat of the characters of each, thus forming a connecting link; interosculant; as, the genera by which two families approximate are called osculant genera.
Osculated	of Osculate
Osculating	of Osculate
Osculate	To kiss.
Osculate	To touch closely, so as to have a common curvature at the point of contact. See Osculation, 2.
Osculate	To kiss one another; to kiss.
Osculate	To touch closely.  See Osculation, 2.
Osculate	To have characters in common with two genera or families, so as to form a connecting link between them; to interosculate. See Osculant.
Osculation	The act of kissing; a kiss.
Osculation	The contact of one curve with another, when the number of consecutive points of the latter through which the former passes suffices for the complete determination of the former curve.
Osculatory	Of or pertaining to kissing; kissing.
Osculatory	Pertaining to, or having the properties of, an osculatrix; capable of osculation; as, a circle may be osculatory with a curve, at a given point.
Osculatory	Same as Pax, 2.
Osculatrixes	of Osculatrix
Osculatrix	A curve whose contact with a given curve, at a given point, is of a higher order (or involves the equality of a greater number of successive differential coefficients of the ordinates of the curves taken at that point) than that of any other curve of the same kind.
Oscule	One of the excurrent apertures of sponges.
Oscula	of Osculum
Osculum	Same as Oscule.
-ose	A suffix denoting full of, containing, having the qualities of, like; as in verbose, full of words; pilose, hairy; globose, like a globe.
-ose	A suffix indicating that the substance to the name of which it is affixed is a member of the carbohydrate group; as in cellulose, sucrose, dextrose, etc.
Osier	A kind of willow (Salix viminalis) growing in wet places in Europe and Asia, and introduced into North America. It is considered the best of the willows for basket work. The name is sometimes given to any kind of willow.
Osier	One of the long, pliable twigs of this plant, or of other similar plants.
Osier	Made of osiers; composed of, or containing, osiers.
Osiered	Covered or adorned with osiers; as, osiered banks.
Osiery	An osier bed.
Osiris	One of the principal divinities of Egypt, the brother and husband of Isis. He was figured as a mummy wearing the royal cap of Upper Egypt, and was symbolized by the sacred bull, called Apis.  Cf. Serapis.
Osmanlis	of Osmanli
Osmanli	A Turkish official; one of the dominant tribe of Turks; loosely, any Turk.
Osmate	A salt of osmic acid.
Osmateria	of Osmaterium
Osmaterium	One of a pair of scent organs which the larvae of certain butterflies emit from the first body segment, either above or below.
Osmazome	A substance formerly supposed to give to soup and broth their characteristic odor, and probably consisting of one or several of the class of nitrogenous substances which are called extractives.
Osmiamate	A salt of osmiamic acid.
Osmiamic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a nitrogenous acid of osmium, H2N2Os2O5, forming a well-known series of yellow salts.
Osmic	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, osmium; specifically, designating those compounds in which it has a valence higher than in other lower compounds; as, osmic oxide.
Osmidrosis	The secretion of fetid sweat.
Osmious	Denoting those compounds of osmium in which the element has a valence relatively lower than in the osmic compounds; as, osmious chloride.
Osmite	A salt of osmious acid.
Osmium	A rare metallic element of the platinum group, found native as an alloy in platinum ore, and in iridosmine. It is a hard, infusible, bluish or grayish white metal, and the heaviest substance known. Its tetroxide is used in histological experiments to stain tissues. Symbol Os. Atomic weight 191.1.  Specific gravity 22.477.
Osmometer	An instrument for measuring the amount of osmotic action in different liquids.
Osmometry	The study of osmose by means of the osmometer.
Osmose	The tendency in fluids to mix, or become equably diffused, when in contact. It was first observed between fluids of differing densities, and as taking place through a membrane or an intervening porous structure. The more rapid flow from the thinner to the thicker fluid was then called endosmose, and the opposite, slower current, exosmose. Both are, however, results of the same force. Osmose may be regarded as a form of molecular attraction, allied to that of adhesion.
Osmose	The action produced by this tendency.
Osmosis	Osmose.
Osmotic	Pertaining to, or having the property of, osmose; as, osmotic force.
Osmund	A fern of the genus Osmunda, or flowering fern. The most remarkable species is the osmund royal, or royal fern (Osmunda regalis), which grows in wet or boggy places, and has large bipinnate fronds, often with a panicle of capsules at the top.  The rootstock contains much starch, and has been used in stiffening linen.
Osnaburg	A species of coarse linen, originally made in Osnaburg, Germany.
Oso-berry	The small, blueblack, drupelike fruit of the Nuttallia cerasiformis, a shrub of Oregon and California, belonging to the Cherry tribe of Rosaceae.
Osphradia	of Osphradium
Osphradium	The olfactory organ of some Mollusca. It is connected with the organ of respiration.
Osprey	Alt. of Ospray
Ospray	The fishhawk.
Oss	To prophesy; to presage.
Osse	A prophetic or ominous utterance.
Ossean	A fish having a bony skeleton; a teleost.
Ossein	The organic basis of bone tissue; the residue after removal of the mineral matters from bone by dilute acid; in embryonic tissue, the substance in which the mineral salts are deposited to form bone; -- called also ostein. Chemically it is the same as collagen.
Osselet	A little bone.
Osselet	The internal bone, or shell, of a cuttlefish.
Osseous	Composed of bone; resembling bone; capable of forming bone; bony; ossific.
Osseter	A species of sturgeon.
Ossianic	Of or pertaining to, or characteristic of, Ossian, a legendary Erse or Celtic bard.
Ossicle	A little bone; as, the auditory ossicles in the tympanum of the ear.
Ossicle	One of numerous small calcareous structures forming the skeleton of certain echinoderms, as the starfishes.
Ossiculated	Having small bones.
Ossicula	of Ossiculum
Ossiculum	Same as Ossicle.
Ossiferous	Containing or yielding bone.
Ossific	Capable of producing bone; having the power to change cartilage or other tissue into bone.
Ossification	The formation of bone; the process, in the growth of an animal, by which inorganic material (mainly lime salts) is deposited in cartilage or membrane, forming bony tissue; ostosis.
Ossification	The state of being changed into a bony substance; also, a mass or point of ossified tissue.
Ossified	Changed to bone or something resembling bone; hardened by deposits of mineral matter of any kind; -- said of tissues.
Ossifrage	The lammergeir.
Ossifrage	The young of the sea eagle or bald eagle.
Ossifragous	Serving to break bones; bone-breaking.
Ossified	of Ossify
Ossifying	of Ossify
Ossify	To form into bone; to change from a soft animal substance into bone, as by the deposition of lime salts.
Ossify	Fig.: To harden; as, to ossify the heart.
Ossify	To become bone; to change from a soft tissue to a hard bony tissue.
Ossifying	Changing into bone; becoming bone; as, the ossifying process.
Ossivorous	Feeding on bones; eating bones; as, ossivorous quadrupeds.
Osspringer	The osprey.
Ossuarium	A charnel house; an ossuary.
-ries	of Ossuary
Ossuary	A place where the bones of the dead are deposited; a charnel house.
Ost	See Oast.
Osteal	Osseous.
Ostein	Ossein.
Osteitis	Inflammation of bone.
Osteler	Same as Hosteler.
Ostend	To exhibit; to manifest.
Ostensibility	The quality or state of being ostensible.
Ostensible	Capable of being shown; proper or intended to be shown.
Ostensible	Shown; exhibited; declared; avowed; professed; apparent; -- often used as opposed to real or actual; as, an ostensible reason, motive, or aim.
Ostensibly	In an ostensible manner; avowedly; professedly; apparently.
Ostension	The showing of the sacrament on the altar in order that it may receive the adoration of the communicants.
Ostensive	Showing; exhibiting.
Ostensively	In an ostensive manner.
-soria	of Ostensory
-sories	of Ostensory
Ostensorium	Alt. of Ostensory
Ostensory	Same as Monstrance.
Ostent	Appearance; air; mien.
Ostent	Manifestation; token; portent.
Ostentate	To make an ambitious display of; to show or exhibit boastingly.
Ostentation	The act of ostentating or of making an ambitious display; unnecessary show; pretentious parade; -- usually in a detractive sense.
Ostentation	A show or spectacle.
Ostentatious	Fond of, or evincing, ostentation; unduly conspicuous; pretentious; boastful.
Ostentator	One fond of display; a boaster.
Ostentive	Ostentatious.
Ostentous	Ostentatious.
Osteo-	A combining form of Gr. / a bone.
Osteoblast	One of the protoplasmic cells which occur in the osteogenetic layer of the periosteum, and from or around which the matrix of the bone is developed; an osteoplast.
Osteoclasis	The operation of breaking a bone in order to correct deformity.
Osteoclast	A myeloplax.
Osteoclast	An instrument for performing osteoclasis.
Osteocolla	A kind of glue obtained from bones.
Osteocolla	A cellular calc tufa, which in some places forms incrustations on the stems of plants, -- formerly supposed to have the quality of uniting fractured bones.
Osteocommata	of Osteocomma
Osteocommas	of Osteocomma
Osteocomma	A metamere of the vertebrate skeleton; an osteomere; a vertebra.
Osteocope	Pain in the bones; a violent fixed pain in any part of a bone.
Osteocranium	The bony cranium, as distinguished from the cartilaginous cranium.
Osteodentine	A hard substance, somewhat like bone, which is sometimes deposited within the pulp cavity of teeth.
Osteogen	The soft tissue, or substance, which, in developing bone, ultimately undergoes ossification.
Osteogenesis	Alt. of Osteogeny
Osteogeny	The formation or growth of bone.
Osteogenetic	Connected with osteogenesis, or the formation of bone; producing bone; as, osteogenetic tissue; the osteogenetic layer of the periosteum.
Osteogenic	Osteogenetic.
Osteographer	An osteologist.
Osteography	The description of bones; osteology.
Osteoid	Resembling bone; bonelike.
Osteolite	A massive impure apatite, or calcium phosphate.
Osteologer	One versed in osteology; an osteologist.
Osteologic	Alt. of Osteological
Osteological	Of or pertaining to osteology.
Osteologist	One who is skilled in osteology; an osteologer.
Osteology	The science which treats of the bones of the vertebrate skeleton.
Osteomata	of Osteoma
Osteoma	A tumor composed mainly of bone; a tumor of a bone.
Osteomalacia	A disease of the bones, in which they lose their earthy material, and become soft, flexible, and distorted. Also called malacia.
Osteomanty	Divination by means of bones.
Osteomere	An osteocomma.
Osteophone	An instrument for transmission of auditory vibrations through the bones of the head, so as to be appreciated as sounds by persons deaf from causes other than those affecting the nervous apparatus of hearing.
Osteoplast	An osteoblast.
Osteoplastic	Producing bone; as, osteoplastic cells.
Osteoplastic	Of or pertaining to the replacement of bone; as, an osteoplastic operation.
Osteoplasty	An operation or process by which the total or partial loss of a bone is remedied.
Osteopterygious	Having bones in the fins, as certain fishes.
Osteosarcomata	of Osteosarcoma
Osteosarcoma	A tumor having the structure of a sacroma in which there is a deposit of bone; sarcoma connected with bone.
Osteotome	Strong nippers or a chisel for dividing bone.
Osteotomist	One skilled in osteotomy.
Osteotomy	The dissection or anatomy of bones; osteology.
Osteotomy	The operation of dividing a bone or of cutting a piece out of it, -- done to remedy deformity, etc.
Osteozoa	Same as Vertebrata.
-ries	of Ostiary
Ostiary	The mouth of a river; an estuary.
Ostiary	One who keeps the door, especially the door of a church; a porter.
Ostic	Pertaining to, or applied to, the language of the Tuscaroras, Iroquois, Wyandots, Winnebagoes, and a part of the Sioux Indians.
Ostiole	The exterior opening of a stomate. See Stomate.
Ostiole	Any small orifice.
Ostitis	See Osteitis.
Ostia	of Ostium
Ostium	An opening; a passage.
Ostler	See Hostler.
Ostleress	A female ostler.
Ostlery	See Hostelry.
Ostmen	East men; Danish settlers in Ireland, formerly so called.
Ostosis	Bone formation; ossification. See Ectostosis, and Endostosis.
Ostracea	A division of bivalve mollusks including the oysters and allied shells.
Ostracean	Any one of a family of bivalves, of which the oyster is the type.
Ostracion	A genus of plectognath fishes having the body covered with solid, immovable, bony plates. It includes the trunkfishes.
Ostraciont	A fish of the genus Ostracion and allied genera.
Ostracism	Banishment by popular vote, -- a means adopted at Athens to rid the city of a person whose talent and influence gave umbrage.
Ostracism	Banishment; exclusion; as, social ostracism.
Ostracite	A fossil oyster.
Ostracized	of Ostracize
Ostracizing	of Ostracize
Ostracize	To exile by ostracism; to banish by a popular vote, as at Athens.
Ostracize	To banish from society; to put under the ban; to cast out from social, political, or private favor; as, he was ostracized by his former friends.
Ostracoda	Ostracoidea.
Ostracodermi	A suborder of fishes of which Ostracion is the type.
Ostracoid	Of or pertaining to the Ostracoidea.
Ostracoid	One of the Ostracoidea.
Ostracoidea	An order of Entomostraca possessing hard bivalve shells. They are of small size, and swim freely about.
Ostrea	A genus of bivalve Mollusca which includes the true oysters.
Ostreaceous	Of or pertaining to an oyster, or to a shell; shelly.
Ostreaculture	The artificial cultivation of oysters.
Ostreophagist	One who feeds on oysters.
Ostrich	A large bird of the genus Struthio, of which Struthio camelus of Africa is the best known species. It has long and very strong legs, adapted for rapid running; only two toes; a long neck, nearly bare of feathers; and short wings incapable of flight. The adult male is about eight feet high.
Ostriferous	Producing oysters; containing oysters.
Ostrogoth	One of the Eastern Goths. See Goth.
Ostrogothic	Of or pertaining to the Ostrogoths.
Oswego tea	An American aromatic herb (Monarda didyma), with showy, bright red, labiate flowers.
Otacoustic	Assisting the sense of hearing; as, an otacoustic instrument.
Otacoustic	Alt. of Otacousticon
Otacousticon	An instrument to facilitate hearing, as an ear trumpet.
Otaheite apple	The fruit of a Polynesian anacardiaceous tree (Spondias dulcis), also called vi-apple. It is rather larger than an apple, and the rind has a flavor of turpentine, but the flesh is said to taste like pineapples.
Otaheite apple	A West Indian name for a myrtaceous tree (Jambosa Malaccensis) which bears crimson berries.
Otalgia	Pain in the ear; earache.
Otalgic	Of or pertaining to otalgia.
Otalgic	A remedy for otalgia.
Otalgy	Pain in the ear; otalgia.
Otaries	of Otary
Otary	Any eared seal.
Otheoscope	An instrument for exhibiting the repulsive action produced by light or heat in an exhausted vessel; a modification of the radoimeter.
Other	Either; -- used with other or or for its correlative (as either . . . or are now used).
Other	Different from that which, or the one who, has been specified; not the same; not identical; additional; second of two.
Other	Not this, but the contrary; opposite; as, the other side of a river.
Other	Alternate; second; -- used esp. in connection with every; as, every other day, that is, each alternate day, every second day.
Other	Left, as opposed to right.
Other	Otherwise.
Othergates	In another manner.
Otherguise	Alt. of Otherguess
Otherguess	Of another kind or sort; in another way.
Otherness	The quality or state of being other or different; alterity; oppositeness.
Otherways	See Otherwise.
Otherwhere	In or to some other place, or places; elsewhere.
Otherwhile	Alt. of Otherwhiles
Otherwhiles	At another time, or other times; sometimes; /ccasionally.
Otherwise	In a different manner; in another way, or in other ways; differently; contrarily.
Otherwise	In other respects.
Otherwise	In different circumstances; under other conditions; as, I am engaged, otherwise I would accept.
Othman	See Ottoman.
Otic	Of, pertaining to, or in the region of, the ear; auricular; auditory.
Otiose	Being at leisure or ease; unemployed; indolent; idle.
Otiosity	Leisure; indolence; idleness; ease.
Otis	A genus of birds including the bustards.
Otitis	Inflammation of the ear.
Oto-	A combining form denoting relation to, or situation near or in, the ear.
Otoba fat	A colorless buttery substance obtained from the fruit of Myristica otoba, a species of nutmeg tree.
Otoconite	A mass of otoliths.
Otoconite	An otolith.
Otocrane	The cavity in the skull in which the parts of the internal ear are lodged.
Otocranial	Of or pertaining to the otocrane.
Otocyst	An auditory cyst or vesicle; one of the simple auditory organs of many invertebrates, containing a fluid and otoliths; also, the embryonic vesicle from which the parts of the internal ear of vertebrates are developed.
Otography	A description of the ear.
Otolith	Alt. of Otolite
Otolite	One of the small bones or particles of calcareous or other hard substance in the internal ear of vertebrates, and in the auditory organs of many invertebrates; an ear stone. Collectively, the otoliths are called ear sand and otoconite.
Otolithic	Alt. of Otolitic
Otolitic	Of or pertaining to otoliths.
Otological	Of or pertaining tootology.
Otologist	One skilled in otology; an aurist.
Otology	The branch of science which treats of the ear and its diseases.
Otopathy	A diseased condition of the ear.
Otorrh/a	A flow or running from the ear, esp. a purulent discharge.
Otoscope	An instrument for examining the condition of the ear.
Otoscopeic	Of or pertaining to the otoscope or to otoscopy.
Otoscopy	The examination of the ear; the art of using the otoscope.
Otosteal	An auditory ossicle.
Otozoum	An extinct genus of huge vertebrates, probably dinosaurs, known only from four-toed tracks in Triassic sandstones.
Ottar	See Attar.
Ottawas	A tribe of Indians who, when first known, lived on the Ottawa River. Most of them subsequently migrated to the southwestern shore of Lake Superior.
Otter	Any carnivorous animal of the genus Lutra, and related genera. Several species are described. They have large, flattish heads, short ears, and webbed toes. They are aquatic, and feed on fish. Their fur is soft and valuable. The common otter of Europe is Lutra vulgaris; the American otter is L. Canadensis; other species inhabit South America and Asia.
Otter	The larva of the ghost moth. It is very injurious to hop vines.
Otter	A corruption of Annotto.
Otto	See Attar.
Ottoman	Of or pertaining to the Turks; as, the Ottoman power or empire.
Ottomans	of Ottoman
Ottoman	A Turk.
Ottoman	A stuffed seat without a back, originally used in Turkey.
Ottomite	An Ottoman.
Ottrelite	A micaceous mineral occurring in small scales. It is characteristic of certain crystalline schists.
Ouakari	Any South American monkey of the genus Brachyurus, especially B. ouakari.
Ouanderoo	The wanderoo.
Ouarine	A Brazilian monkey of the genus Mycetes.
Oubliette	A dungeon with an opening only at the top, found in some old castles and other strongholds, into which persons condemned to perpetual imprisonment, or to perish secretly, were thrust, or lured to fall.
Ouch	A socket or bezel holding a precious stone; hence, a jewel or ornament worn on the person.
Oughne	Own.
Ought	See Aught.
Ought	Was or were under obligation to pay; owed.
Ought	Owned; possessed.
Ought	To be bound in duty or by moral obligation.
Ought	To be necessary, fit, becoming, or expedient; to behoove; -- in this sense formerly sometimes used impersonally or without a subject expressed.
Oughtness	The state of being as a thing ought to be; rightness.
Oughwhere	Anywhere; somewhere. See Owher.
Ouistiti	See Wistit.
Oul	An awl.
Oul	An owl.
Oulachan	Same as Eulachon.
Ounce	A weight, the sixteenth part of a pound avoirdupois, and containing 437/ grains.
Ounce	The twelfth part of a troy pound.
Ounce	Fig.: A small portion; a bit.
Ounce	A feline quadruped (Felis irbis, / uncia) resembling the leopard in size, and somewhat in color, but it has longer and thicker fur, which forms a short mane on the back. The ounce is pale yellowish gray, with irregular dark spots on the neck and limbs, and dark rings on the body. It inhabits the lofty mountain ranges of Asia. Called also once.
Ounded	Alt. of Oundy
Oundy	Wavy; waving/ curly.
Ounding	Waving.
Ouphe	A fairy; a goblin; an elf.
Ouphen	Elfish.
Our	Of or pertaining to us; belonging to us; as, our country; our rights; our troops; our endeavors. See I.
-our	See -or.
Ourang	The orang-outang.
Ourang-outang	See Orang-outang.
Ouranographist	See Uranographist.
Ouranography	See Uranography.
Ourebi	A small, graceful, and swift African antelope, allied to the klipspringer.
Ouretic	Uric.
Ourology	See Urology.
Ouroscopy	Ourology.
Ours	See Note under Our.
Ourselves	; sing. Ourself (/). An emphasized form of the pronoun of the first person plural; -- used as a subject, usually with we; also, alone in the predicate, in the nominative or the objective case.
-ous	An adjective suffix meaning full of, abounding in, having, possessing the qualities of, like; as in gracious, abounding in grace; arduous, full of ardor; bulbous, having bulbs, bulblike; riotous, poisonous, piteous, joyous, etc.
-ous	A suffix denoting that the element indicated by the name bearing it, has a valence lower than that denoted by the termination -ic; as, nitrous, sulphurous, etc., as contrasted with nitric, sulphuric, etc.
Ouse	See Ooze.
Ousel	One of several species of European thrushes, especially the blackbird (Merula merula, or Turdus merula), and the mountain or ring ousel (Turdus torquatus).
Oust	See Oast.
Ousted	of Oust
Ousting	of Oust
Oust	To take away; to remove.
Oust	To eject; to turn out.
Ouster	A putting out of possession; dispossession; ejection; disseizin.
Out	In its original and strict sense, out means from the interior of something; beyond the limits or boundary of somethings; in a position or relation which is exterior to something; -- opposed to in or into. The something may be expressed after of, from, etc. (see Out of, below); or, if not expressed, it is implied; as, he is out; or, he is out of the house, office, business, etc.; he came out; or, he came out from the ship, meeting, sect, party, etc.
Out	Away; abroad; off; from home, or from a certain, or a usual, place; not in; not in a particular, or a usual, place; as, the proprietor is out, his team was taken out.
Out	Beyond the limits of concealment, confinement, privacy, constraint, etc., actual of figurative; hence, not in concealment, constraint, etc., in, or into, a state of freedom, openness, disclosure, publicity, etc.; as, the sun shines out; he laughed out, to be out at the elbows; the secret has leaked out, or is out; the disease broke out on his face; the book is out.
Out	Beyond the limit of existence, continuance, or supply; to the end; completely; hence, in, or into, a condition of extinction, exhaustion, completion; as, the fuel, or the fire, has burned out.
Out	Beyond possession, control, or occupation; hence, in, or into, a state of want, loss, or deprivation; -- used of office, business, property, knowledge, etc.; as, the Democrats went out and the Whigs came in; he put his money out at interest.
Out	Beyond the bounds of what is true, reasonable, correct, proper, common, etc.; in error or mistake; in a wrong or incorrect position or opinion; in a state of disagreement, opposition, etc.; in an inharmonious relation.
Out	Not in the position to score in playing a game; not in the state or turn of the play for counting or gaining scores.
Out	One who, or that which, is out; especially, one who is out of office; -- generally in the plural.
Out	A place or space outside of something; a nook or corner; an angle projecting outward; an open space; -- chiefly used in the phrase ins and outs; as, the ins and outs of a question. See under In.
Out	A word or words omitted by the compositor in setting up copy; an omission.
Out	To cause to be out; to eject; to expel.
Out	To come out with; to make known.
Out	To give out; to dispose of; to sell.
Out	To come or go out; to get out or away; to become public.
Out	Expressing impatience, anger, a desire to be rid of; -- with the force of command; go out; begone; away; off.
Outact	To do or beyond; to exceed in acting.
Outagamies	See lst Fox, 7.
Outargue	To surpass or conquer in argument.
Outbabble	To utter foolishly or excessively; to surpass in babbling.
Outbalance	To outweight; to exceed in weight or effect.
Outbar	To bar out.
Outbeg	To surpass in begging.
Outbid	of Outbid
Outbade	of Outbid
Outbid	of Outbid
Outbidden	of Outbid
Outbidding	of Outbid
Outbid	To exceed or surpass in bidding.
Outbidder	One who outbids.
Outbleat	To surpass in bleating.
Outblown	Inflated with wind.
Outblush	To exceed in blushing; to surpass in rosy color.
Outboard	Beyond or outside of the lines of a vessel's bulwarks or hull; in a direction from the hull or from the keel; -- opposed to inboard; as, outboard rigging; swing the davits outboard.
Outborn	Foreign; not native.
Outbound	Outward bound.
Outbounds	The farthest or exterior bounds; extreme limits; boundaries.
Outbow	To excel in bowing.
Outbowed	Convex; curved outward.
Outbrag	To surpass in bragging; hence, to make appear inferior.
Outbrave	To excel in bravery o/ in insolence; to defy with superior courage or audacity
Outbrave	To excel in magnificence or comeliness.
Outbray	To exceed in braying.
Outbray	To emit with great noise.
Outbrazen	To bear down with a brazen face; to surpass in impudence.
Outbreak	A bursting forth; eruption; insurrection.
Outbreaking	The act of breaking out.
Outbreaking	That which bursts forth.
Outbreast	To surpass in singing. See Breast, n., 6.
Outbreathe	To breathe forth.
Outbreathe	To cause to be out of breath; to exhaust.
Outbreathe	To issue, as breath; to be breathed out; to exhale.
Outbribe	To surpass in bribing.
Outbring	To bring or bear out.
Outbud	To sprout.
Outbuilt	of Outbuild
Outbuilded	of Outbuild
Outbuilding	of Outbuild
Outbuild	To exceed in building, or in durability of building.
Outbuilding	A building separate from, and subordinate to, the main house; an outhouse.
Outburn	To exceed in burning.
Outburn	To burn entirely; to be consumed.
Outburst	A bursting forth.
Outcant	To surpass in canting.
Outcast	Cast out; degraded.
Outcast	One who is cast out or expelled; an exile; one driven from home, society, or country; hence, often, a degraded person; a vagabond.
Outcast	A quarrel; a contention.
Outcasting	That which is cast out.
Outcept	Except.
Outcheat	To exceed in cheating.
Outclimb	To climb bevond; to surpass in climbing.
Outcome	That which comes out of, or follows from, something else; issue; result; consequence; upshot.
Outcompass	To exceed the compass or limits of.
Outcourt	An outer or exterior court.
Outcrafty	To exceed in cunning.
Outcrier	One who cries out or proclaims; a herald or crier.
Outcrop	The coming out of a stratum to the surface of the ground.
Outcrop	That part of inclined strata which appears at the surface; basset.
Outcrop	To come out to the surface of the ground; -- said of strata.
Outcry	A vehement or loud cry; a cry of distress, alarm, opposition, or detestation; clamor.
Outcry	Sale at public auction.
Outdare	To surpass in daring; to overcome by courage; to brave.
Outdated	Being out of date; antiquated.
Outdazzle	To surpass in dazzing.
Outdid	of Outdo
Outdone	of Outdo
Outdoing	of Outdo
Outdo	To go beyond in performance; to excel; to surpass.
Outdoor	Being, or done, in the open air; being or done outside of certain buildings, as poorhouses, hospitals, etc.; as, outdoor exercise; outdoor relief; outdoor patients.
Outdoors	Abread; out of the house; out of doors.
Outdraw	To draw out; to extract.
Outdream	To pass, or escape, while dreaming.
Outdrink	To exceed in drinking.
Outdure	To outlast.
Outdwell	To dwell or stay beyond.
Outdweller	One who holds land in a parish, but lives elsewhere.
Outer	Being on the outside; external; farthest or farther from the interior, from a given station, or from any space or position regarded as a center or starting place; -- opposed to inner; as, the outer wall; the outer court or gate; the outer stump in cricket; the outer world.
Outer	The part of a target which is beyond the circles surrounding the bull's-eye.
Outer	A shot which strikes the outer of a target.
Outer	One who puts out, ousts, or expels; also, an ouster; dispossession.
Outerly	Utterly; entirely.
Outerly	Toward the outside.
Outermost	Being on the extreme external part; farthest outward; as, the outermost row.
Outfaced	of Outface
Outfacing	of Outface
Outface	To face or look (one) out of countenance; to resist or bear down by bold looks or effrontery; to brave.
Outfall	The mouth of a river; the lower end of a water course; the open end of a drain, culvert, etc., where the discharge occurs.
Outfall	A quarrel; a falling out.
Outfangthef	A thief from without or abroad, taken within a lord's fee or liberty.
Outfangthef	The privilege of trying such a thief.
Outfawn	To exceed in fawning.
Outfeast	To exceed in feasting.
Outfeat	To surpass in feats.
Outfield	Arable land which has been or is being exhausted. See Infield, 1.
Outfield	A field beyond, or separated from, the inclosed land about the homestead; an uninclosed or unexplored tract. Also used figuratively.
Outfield	The part of the field beyond the diamond, or infield. It is occupied by the fielders.
Outfield	The part of the field farthest from the batsman.
Outfit	A fitting out, or equipment, as of a ship for a voyage, or of a person for an expedition in an unoccupied region or residence in a foreign land; things required for equipment; the expense of, or allowance made for, equipment, as by the government of the United States to a diplomatic agent going abroad.
Outfitter	One who furnishes outfits for a voyage, a journey, or a business.
Outflank	To go beyond, or be superior to, on the flank; to pass around or turn the flank or flanks of.
Outflatter	To exceed in flattering.
Outfling	A gibe; a contemptuous remark.
Outflow	A flowing out; efflux.
Outflow	To flow out.
Outflew	of Outfly
Outflown	of Outfly
Outflying	of Outfly
Outfly	To surpass in flying; to fly beyond or faster than.
Outfool	To exceed in folly.
Outform	External appearance.
Outfrown	To frown down; to overbear by frowning.
Outgate	An outlet.
Outgaze	To gaze beyond; to exceed in sharpness or persistence of seeing or of looking; hence, to stare out of countenance.
Outgeneraled	of Outgeneral
Outgeneralled	of Outgeneral
Outgeneraling	of Outgeneral
Outgeneralling	of Outgeneral
Outgeneral	To exceed in generalship; to gain advantage over by superior military skill or executive ability; to outmaneuver.
Outgive	To surpass in giving.
Outwent	of Outgo
Outgone	of Outgo
Outgoing	of Outgo
Outgo	To go beyond; to exceed in swiftness; to surpass; to outdo.
Outgo	To circumvent; to overreach.
Outgoes	of Outgo
Outgo	That which goes out, or is paid out; outlay; expenditure; -- the opposite of income.
Outgoer	One who goes out or departs.
Outgoing	The act or the state of going out.
Outgoing	That which goes out; outgo; outlay.
Outgoing	The extreme limit; the place of ending.
Outgoing	Going out; departing; as, the outgoing administration; an outgoing steamer.
Outground	Ground situated at a distance from the house; outlying land.
Outgrew	of Outgrow
Outgrown	of Outgrow
Outgrowing	of Outgrow
Outgrow	To surpass in growing; to grow more than.
Outgrow	To grow out of or away from; to grow too large, or too aged, for; as, to outgrow clothing; to outgrow usefulness; to outgrow an infirmity.
Outgrowth	That which grows out of, or proceeds from, anything; an excrescence; an offshoot; hence, a result or consequence.
Outguard	A guard or small body of troops at a distance from the main body of an army, to watch for the approach of an enemy; hence, anything for defense placed at a distance from the thing to be defended.
Outgush	A pouring out; an outburst.
Outgush	To gush out; to flow forth.
Outhaul	A rope used for hauling out a sail upon a spar; -- opposite of inhaul.
Outhess	Outcry; alarm.
Outher	Other.
Out-Herod	To surpass (Herod) in violence or wickedness; to exceed in any vicious or offensive particular.
Outhire	To hire out.
Outhouse	A small house or building at a little distance from the main house; an outbuilding.
Outing	The act of going out; an airing; an excursion; as, a summer outing.
Outing	A feast given by an apprentice when he is out of his time.
Outjest	To surpass in jesting; to drive out, or away, by jesting.
Outjet	That which jets out or projects from anything.
Outjuggle	To surpass in juggling.
Outkeeper	An attachment to a surveyor's compass for keeping tally in chaining.
Outknave	To surpass in knavery.
Outlabor	To surpass in laboring.
Outland	Foreign; outlandish.
Outlander	A foreigner.
Outlandish	Foreign; not native.
Outlandish	Hence: Not according with usage; strange; rude; barbarous; uncouth; clownish; as, an outlandish dress, behavior, or speech.
Outlast	To exceed in duration; to survive; to endure longer than.
Outlaugh	To surpass or outdo in laughing.
Outlaugh	To laugh (one) out of a purpose, principle, etc.; to discourage or discomfit by laughing; to laugh down.
Outlaw	A person excluded from the benefit of the law, or deprived of its protection.
Outlawed	of Outlaw
Outlawing	of Outlaw
Outlaw	To deprive of the benefit and protection of law; to declare to be an outlaw; to proscribe.
Outlaw	To remove from legal jurisdiction or enforcement; as, to outlaw a debt or claim; to deprive of legal force.
Outlawries	of Outlawry
Outlawry	The act of outlawing; the putting a man out of the protection of law, or the process by which a man (as an absconding criminal) is deprived of that protection.
Outlawry	The state of being an outlaw.
Outlay	To lay out; to spread out; to display.
Outlay	A laying out or expending.
Outlay	That which is expended; expenditure.
Outlay	An outlying haunt.
Outleap	To surpass in leaping.
Outleap	A sally.
Outlearn	To excel or surpass in learing.
Outlearn	To learn out [i. e., completely, utterly]; to exhaust knowledge of.
Outlet	The place or opening by which anything is let out; a passage out; an exit; a vent.
Outlet	To let out; to emit.
Outlie	To exceed in lying.
Outlier	One who does not live where his office, or business, or estate, is.
Outlier	That which lies, or is, away from the main body.
Outlier	A part of a rock or stratum lying without, or beyond, the main body, from which it has been separated by denudation.
Outlimb	An extreme member or part of a thing; a limb.
Outline	The line which marks the outer limits of an object or figure; the exterior line or edge; contour.
Outline	In art: A line drawn by pencil, pen, graver, or the like, by which the boundary of a figure is indicated.
Outline	A sketch composed of such lines; the delineation of a figure without shading.
Outline	Fig.: A sketch of any scheme; a preliminary or general indication of a plan, system, course of thought, etc.; as, the outline of a speech.
Outlined	of Outline
Outlining	of Outline
Outline	To draw the outline of.
Outline	Fig.: To sketch out or indicate as by an outline; as, to outline an argument or a campaign.
Outlinear	Of or pertaining to an outline; being in, or forming, an outline.
Outlived	of Outlive
Outliving	of Outlive
Outlive	To live beyond, or longer than; to survive.
Outliver	One who outlives.
Outlook	To face down; to outstare.
Outlook	To inspect throughly; to select.
Outlook	The act of looking out; watch.
Outlook	One who looks out; also, the place from which one looks out; a watchower.
Outlook	The view obtained by one looking out; scope of vision; prospect; sight; appearance.
Outloose	A loosing from; an escape; an outlet; an evasion.
Outlope	An excursion.
Outluster	Alt. of Outlustre
Outlustre	To excel in brightness or luster.
Outlying	Lying or being at a distance from the central part, or the main body; being on, or beyond, the frontier; exterior; remote; detached.
Outmaneuver	Alt. of Outmanoeuvre
Outmanoeuvre	To surpass, or get an advantage of, in maneuvering; to outgeneral.
Outmantle	To excel in mantling; hence, to excel in splendor, as of dress.
Outmarch	To surpass in marching; to march faster than, or so as to leave behind.
Outmeasure	To exceed in measure or extent; to measure more than.
Outmost	Farthest from the middle or interior; farthest outward; outermost.
Outmount	To mount above.
Outname	To exceed in naming or describing.
Outname	To exceed in name, fame, or degree.
Outness	The state of being out or beyond; separateness.
Outness	The state or quality of being distanguishable from the perceiving mind, by being in space, and possessing marerial quality; externality; objectivity.
Outnoise	To exceed in noise; to surpass in noisiness.
Outnumber	To exceed in number.
Out-of-door	Being out of the house; being, or done, in the open air; outdoor; as, out-of-door exercise. See Out of door, under Out, adv.
Out-of-the-way	See under Out, adv.
Outpace	To outgo; to move faster than; to leave behind.
Outparamour	To exceed in the number of mistresses.
Outparish	A parish lying without the walls of, or in a remote part of, a town.
Outpart	An outlying part.
Outpass	To pass beyond; to exceed in progress.
Outpassion	To exceed in passion.
Out-patient	A patient who is outside a hospital, but receives medical aid from it.
Outpeer	To excel.
Outplay	To excel or defeat in a game; to play better than; as, to be outplayed in tennis or ball.
Outpoise	To outweigh.
Outport	A harbor or port at some distance from the chief town or seat of trade.
Outpost	A post or station without the limits of a camp, or at a distance from the main body of an army, for observation of the enemy.
Outpost	The troops placed at such a station.
Outpour	To pour out.
Outpour	A flowing out; a free discharge.
Outpower	To excel in power; to overpover.
Outpray	To exceed or excel in prayer.
Outpreach	To surpass in preaching.
Outprize	To prize beyong value, or in excess; to exceed in value.
Output	The amount of coal or ore put out from one or more mines, or the quantity of material produced by, or turned out from, one or more furnaces or mills, in a given time.
Output	That which is thrown out as products of the metabolic activity of the body; the egesta other than the faeces. See Income.
Outquench	To quench entirely; to extinguish.
Outrage	To rage in excess of.
Outrage	Injurious violence or wanton wrong done to persons or things; a gross violation of right or decency; excessive abuse; wanton mischief; gross injury.
Outrage	Excess; luxury.
Outragen	of Outrage
Outraging	of Outrage
Outrage	To commit outrage upon; to subject to outrage; to treat with violence or excessive abuse.
Outrage	Specifically, to violate; to commit an indecent assault upon (a female).
Outrage	To be guilty of an outrage; to act outrageously.
Outrageous	Of the nature of an outrage; exceeding the limits of right, reason, or decency; involving or doing an outrage; furious; violent; atrocious.
Outrance	The utmost or last extremity.
Outrank	To exceed in rank; hence, to take precedence of.
Outray	To outshine.
Outray	To spread out in array.
Outraye	See Outrage, v. i.
Outraze	To obliterate.
Outre	Being out of the common course or limits; extravagant; bizarre.
Outreach	To reach beyond.
Outreason	To excel or surpass in reasoning; to reason better than.
Outreckon	To exceed in reckoning or computation.
Outrecuidance	Excessive presumption.
Outrede	To surpass in giving rede, or counsel.
Outreign	To go beyond in reigning; to reign through the whole of, or longer than.
Outride	To surpass in speed of riding; to ride beyond or faster than.
Outride	A riding out; an excursion.
Outride	A place for riding out.
Outrider	A summoner whose office is to cite men before the sheriff.
Outrider	One who rides out on horseback.
Outrider	A servant on horseback attending a carriage.
Outrigger	Any spar or projecting timber run out for temporary use, as from a ship's mast, to hold a rope or a sail extended, or from a building, to support hoisting teckle.
Outrigger	A projecting support for a rowlock, extended from the side of a boat.
Outrigger	A boat thus equipped.
Outrigger	A projecting contrivance at the side of a boat to prevent upsetting, as projecting spars with a log at the end.
Outright	Immediately; without delay; at once; as, he was killed outright.
Outright	Completely; utterly.
Outring	To excel in volume of ringing sound; to ring louder than.
Outrival	To surpass in a rivalry.
Outrive	To river; to sever.
Outroad	Alt. of Outrode
Outrode	An excursion.
Outroar	To exceed in roaring.
Outromance	To exceed in romantic character.
Outroom	An outer room.
Outroot	To eradicate; to extirpate.
Outran	of Outrun
Outrun	of Outrun
Outrunning	of Outrun
Outrun	To exceed, or leave behind, in running; to run faster than; to outstrip; to go beyond.
Outrunner	An offshoot; a branch.
Outrush	To rush out; to issue, or ru/ out, forcibly.
Outsail	To excel, or to leave behind, in sailing; to sail faster than.
Outscent	To exceed in odor.
Outscold	To exceed in scolding.
Outscorn	To confront, or subdue, with greater scorn.
Outscouring	That which is scoured out o/ washed out.
Outscout	To overpower by disdain; to outface.
Outsee	To see beyond; to excel in cer/ainty of seeing; to surpass in foresight.
Outsell	To exceed in amount of sales; to sell more than.
Outsell	To exceed in the price of selling; to fetch more than; to exceed in value.
Outsentry	A sentry who guards the entrance or approach to a place; an outguard.
Outset	A setting out, starting, or beginning.
Outsettler	One who settles at a distance, or away, from others.
Outshine	To shine forth.
Outshine	To excel in splendor.
Outshoot	To exceed or excel in shooting; to shoot beyond.
Outshut	To shut out.
Outside	The external part of a thing; the part, end, or side which forms the surface; that which appears, or is manifest; that which is superficial; the exterior.
Outside	The part or space which lies without an inclosure; the outer side, as of a door, walk, or boundary.
Outside	The furthest limit, as to number, quantity, extent, etc.; the utmost; as, it may last a week at the outside.
Outside	One who, or that which, is without; hence, an outside passenger, as distinguished from one who is inside. See Inside, n. 3.
Outside	Of or pertaining to the outside; external; exterior; superficial.
Outside	Reaching the extreme or farthest limit, as to extent, quantity, etc.; as, an outside estimate.
Outside	or prep. On or to the outside (of); without; on the exterior; as, to ride outside the coach; he stayed outside.
Outsider	One not belonging to the concern, institution, party, etc., spoken of; one disconnected in interest or feeling.
Outsider	A locksmith's pinchers for grasping the point of a key in the keyhole, to open a door from the outside when the key is inside.
Outsider	A horse which is not a favorite in the betting.
Outsing	To surpass in singing.
Outsit	To remain sitting, or in session, longer than, or beyond the time of; to outstay.
Outskirt	A part remote from the center; outer edge; border; -- usually in the plural; as, the outskirts of a town.
Outsleep	To exceed in sleeping.
Outslide	To slide outward, onward, or forward; to advance by sliding.
Outsoar	To soar beyond or above.
Outsole	The outside sole of a boot or shoe.
Outsound	To surpass in sounding.
Outspan	To unyoke or disengage, as oxen from a wagon.
Outsparkle	To exceed in sparkling.
Outspeak	To exceed in speaking.
Outspeak	To speak openly or boldly.
Outspeak	To express more than.
Outspeed	To excel in speed.
Outspend	Outlay; expenditure.
Outspin	To spin out; to finish.
Outspoken	Speaking, or spoken, freely, openly, or boldly; as, an outspoken man; an outspoken rebuke.
Outsport	To exceed in sporting.
Outspread	To spread out; to expand; -- usually as a past part. / adj.
Outspring	To spring out; to issue.
Outstand	To stand out, or project, from a surface or mass; hence, to remain standing out.
Outstand	To resist effectually; to withstand; to sustain without yielding.
Outstand	To stay beyond.
Outstanding	That stands out; undischarged; uncollected; not paid; as, outstanding obligations.
Outstare	To excel or overcome in staring; to face down.
Outstart	To start out or up.
Outstay	To stay beyond or longer than.
Outstep	To exceed in stepping.
Outstorm	To exceed in storming.
Outstreet	A street remote from the center of a town.
Outstretch	To stretch out.
Outstride	To surpass in striding.
Outstrike	To strike out; to strike faster than.
Outstripped	of Outstrip
Outstripping	of Outstrip
Outstrip	To go faster than; to outrun; to advance beyond; to leave behing.
Outsuffer	To exceed in suffering.
Outswear	To exceed in swearing.
Outsweeten	To surpass in sweetness.
Outswell	To exceed in swelling.
Outswell	To swell beyond; to overflow.
Outtake	Except.
Outtaken	or prep. Excepted; save.
Outtalk	To overpower by talking; to exceed in talking; to talk down.
Outtell	To surpass in telling, counting, or reckoning.
Outterm	An external or superficial thing; outward manner; superficial remark, etc.
Outthrow	To throw out.
Outthrow	To excel in throwing, as in ball playing.
Outtoil	To exceed in toiling.
Outtongue	To silence by talk, clamor, or noise.
Outtop	To overtop.
Outtravel	To exceed in speed o/ distance traveled.
Outtwine	To disentangle.
Outvalue	To exceed in value.
Outvenom	To exceed in venom.
Outvie	To exceed in vying.
Outvillain	To exceed in villainy.
Outvoice	To exceed in noise.
Outvote	To exceed in the number of votes given; to defeat by votes.
Outwalk	To excel in walking; to leave behind in walking.
Outwall	The exterior wall; the outside surface, or appearance.
Outward	Alt. of Outwards
Outwards	From the interior part; in a direction from the interior toward the exterior; out; to the outside; beyond; off; away; as, a ship bound outward.
Outward	Forming the superficial part; external; exterior; -- opposed to inward; as, an outward garment or layer.
Outward	Of or pertaining to the outer surface or to what is external; manifest; public.
Outward	Foreign; not civil or intestine; as, an outward war.
Outward	Tending to the exterior or outside.
Outward	External form; exterior.
Outwards	See Outward, adv.
Outwatch	To exceed in watching.
Outway	A way out; exit.
Outwear	To wear out; to consume or destroy by wearing.
Outwear	To last longer than; to outlast; as, this cloth will outwear the other.
Outweary	To weary out.
Outweed	To weed out.
Outweep	To exceed in weeping.
Outweigh	To exceed in weight or value.
Outwell	To pour out.
Outwell	To issue forth.
Outwent	imp. of Outgo.
Outwhore	To exceed in lewdness.
Outwin	To win a way out of.
Outwind	To extricate by winding; to unloose.
Outwing	To surpass, exceed, or outstrip in flying.
Outwit	To surpass in wisdom, esp. in cunning; to defeat or overreach by superior craft.
Outwit	The faculty of acquiring wisdom by observation and experience, or the wisdom so acquired; -- opposed to inwit.
Outwoe	To exceed in woe.
Outwork	To exceed in working; to work more or faster than.
Outwork	A minor defense constructed beyond the main body of a work, as a ravelin, lunette, hornwork, etc.
Outworth	To exceed in worth.
Outwrest	To extort; to draw from or forth by violence.
Outwrite	To exceed or excel in writing.
Outzany	To exceed in buffoonery.
Ouvarovite	Chrome garnet.
Ouze	See Ooze.
Ouzel	Same as Ousel.
Ova	See Ovum.
Oval	Of or pertaining to eggs; done in the egg, or inception; as, oval conceptions.
Oval	Having the figure of an egg; oblong and curvilinear, with one end broader than the other, or with both ends of about the same breadth; in popular usage, elliptical.
Oval	Broadly elliptical.
Oval	A body or figure in the shape of an egg, or popularly, of an ellipse.
Ovalbumin	Alt. of Ovalbumen
Ovalbumen	The albumin from white of eggs; egg albumin; -- in distinction from serum albumin. See Albumin.
Ovaliform	Having the form of an egg; having a figure such that any section in the direction of the shorter diameter will be circular, and any in the direction of the longer diameter will be oval.
Ovally	In an oval form.
Ovant	Exultant.
Ovarian	Alt. of Ovarial
Ovarial	Of or pertaining to an ovary.
Ovariole	One of the tubes of which the ovaries of most insects are composed.
Ovariotomist	One who performs, or is skilled in, ovariotomy.
Ovariotomy	The operation of removing one or both of the ovaries; oophorectomy.
Ovarious	Consisting of eggs; as, ovarious food.
Ovaritis	Inflammation of the ovaries.
Ovaria	of Ovarium
Ovariums	of Ovarium
Ovarium	An ovary. See Ovary.
Ovaries	of Ovary
Ovary	That part of the pistil which contains the seed, and in most flowering plants develops into the fruit. See Illust. of Flower.
Ovary	The essential female reproductive organ in which the ova are produced. See Illust. of Discophora.
Ovate	Shaped like an egg, with the lower extremity broadest.
Ovate	Having the shape of an egg, or of the longitudinal sectior of an egg, with the broader end basal.
Ovate-acuminate	Having an ovate form, but narrowed at the end into a slender point.
Ovate-cylindraceous	Having a form intermediate between ovate and cylindraceous.
Ovated	Ovate.
Ovate-lanceolate	Having a form intermediate between ovate and lanceolate.
Ovate-oblong	Oblong. with one end narrower than the other; ovato-oblong.
Ovate-rotundate	Having a form intermediate between that of an egg and a sphere; roundly ovate.
Ovate-subulate	Having an ovate form, but with a subulate tip or extremity.
Ovation	A lesser kind of triumph allowed to a commander for an easy, bloodless victory, or a victory over slaves.
Ovation	Hence: An expression of popular homage; the tribute of the multitude to a public favorite.
Ovato-acuminate	Same as Ovate-acuminate.
Ovato-cylindraceous	Same as Ovate-cylindraceous.
Ovato-oblong	Same as Ovate-oblong.
Ovato-rotundate	Same as Ovate-rotundate.
Oven	A place arched over with brick or stonework, and used for baking, heating, or drying; hence, any structure, whether fixed or portable, which may be heated for baking, drying, etc.; esp., now, a chamber in a stove, used for baking or roasting.
Ovenbird	Any species of the genus Furnarius, allied to the creepers. They inhabit South America and the West Indies, and construct curious oven-shaped nests.
Ovenbird	In the United States, Seiurus aurocapillus; -- called also golden-crowned thrush.
Ovenbird	In England, sometimes applied to the willow warbler, and to the long-tailed titmouse.
Over	Above, or higher than, in place or position, with the idea of covering; -- opposed to under; as, clouds are over our heads; the smoke rises over the city.
Over	Across; from side to side of; -- implying a passing or moving, either above the substance or thing, or on the surface of it; as, a dog leaps over a stream or a table.
Over	Upon the surface of, or the whole surface of; hither and thither upon; throughout the whole extent of; as, to wander over the earth; to walk over a field, or over a city.
Over	Above; -- implying superiority in excellence, dignity, condition, or value; as, the advantages which the Christian world has over the heathen.
Over	Above in authority or station; -- implying government, direction, care, attention, guard, responsibility, etc.; -- opposed to under.
Over	Across or during the time of; from beginning to end of; as, to keep anything over night; to keep corn over winter.
Over	Above the perpendicular height or length of, with an idea of measurement; as, the water, or the depth of water, was over his head, over his shoes.
Over	Beyond; in excess of; in addition to; more than; as, it cost over five dollars.
Over	Above, implying superiority after a contest; in spite of; notwithstanding; as, he triumphed over difficulties; the bill was passed over the veto.
Over	From one side to another; from side to side; across; crosswise; as, a board, or a tree, a foot over, i. e., a foot in diameter.
Over	From one person or place to another regarded as on the opposite side of a space or barrier; -- used with verbs of motion; as, to sail over to England; to hand over the money; to go over to the enemy.
Over	Also, with verbs of being: At, or on, the opposite side; as, the boat is over.
Over	From beginning to end; throughout the course, extent, or expanse of anything; as, to look over accounts, or a stock of goods; a dress covered over with jewels.
Over	From inside to outside, above or across the brim.
Over	Beyond a limit; hence, in excessive degree or quantity; superfluously; with repetition; as, to do the whole work over.
Over	In a manner to bring the under side to or towards the top; as, to turn (one's self) over; to roll a stone over; to turn over the leaves; to tip over a cart.
Over	At an end; beyond the limit of continuance; completed; finished.
Over	Upper; covering; higher; superior; also, excessive; too much or too great; -- chiefly used in composition; as, overshoes, overcoat, over-garment, overlord, overwork, overhaste.
Over	A certain number of balls (usually four) delivered successively from behind one wicket, after which the ball is bowled from behind the other wicket as many times, the fielders changing places.
Overabound	To be exceedingly plenty or superabundant.
Overact	To act or perform to excess; to exaggerate in acting; as, he overacted his part.
Overact	To act upon, or influence, unduly.
Overact	To act more than is necessary; to go to excess in action.
Overaction	Per/ormance to excess; exaggerated or excessive action.
Overaffect	To affect or care for unduly.
Overagitate	To agitate or discuss beyond what is expedient.
Overall	Everywhere.
Overalls	A kind of loose trousers worn over others to protect them from soiling.
Overalls	Waterproof leggings.
Overanxiety	The state of being overanxious; excessive anxiety.
Overanxious	Anxious in an excessive or needless degree.
Overarch	To make or place an arch over; to hang over like an arch.
Over-arm	Done (as bowling or pitching) with the arm raised above the shoulder. See Overhard.
Overawed	of Overawe
Overawing	of Overawe
Overawe	To awe exceedingly; to subjugate or restrain by awe or great fear.
Overawful	Awful, or reverential, in an excessive degree.
Overbalance	To exceed equality with; to outweigh.
Overbalance	To cause to lose balance or equilibrium.
Overbalance	Excess of weight or value; something more than an equivalent; as, an overbalance of exports.
Overbarren	Excessively barren.
Overbattle	Excessively fertile; bearing rank or noxious growths.
Overbear	To bear down or carry down, as by excess of weight, power, force, etc.; to overcome; to suppress.
Overbear	To domineer over; to overcome by insolence.
Overbear	To bear fruit or offspring to excess; to be too prolific.
Overbearing	Overpowering; subduing; repressing.
Overbearing	Aggressively haughty; arrogant; domineering; tyrannical; dictatorial; insolent.
Overbend	To bend to excess.
Overbend	To bend over.
Overbid	To bid or offer beyond, or in excess of.
Overbide	To outlive.
Overblow	To blow over, or be subdued.
Overblow	To force so much wind into a pipe that it produces an overtone, or a note higher than the natural note; thus, the upper octaves of a flute are produced by overblowing.
Overblow	To blow away; to dissipate by wind, or as by wind.
Overboard	Over the side of a ship; hence, from on board of a ship, into the water; as, to fall overboard.
Overboil	To boil over or unduly.
Overbold	Excessively or presumptuously bold; impudent.
Overbookish	Excessively bookish.
Overbounteous	Bounteous to excess.
Overbow	To bend or bow over; to bend in a contrary direction.
Overbreed	To breed to excess.
Overbrim	To flow over the brim; to be so full as to overflow.
Overbrow	To hang over like a brow; to impend over.
Overbuild	To build over.
Overbuild	To build too much; to build beyond the demand.
Overbuilt	Having too many buildings; as, an overbuilt part of a town.
Overbulk	To oppress by bulk; to overtower.
Overburden	To load with too great weight or too much care, etc.
Overburden	The waste which overlies good stone in a quarry.
Overburdensome	Too burdensome.
Overburn	To burn too much; to be overzealous.
Over-busy	Too busy; officious.
Overbuy	To buy too much.
Overbuy	To buy at too dear a rate.
Overcanopy	To cover as with a canopy.
Overcapable	Too capable.
Overcare	Excessive care.
Overcareful	Too careful.
Overcarking	Too anxious; too full of care.
Overcarry	To carry too far; to carry beyond the proper point.
Overcast	To cast or cover over; hence, to cloud; to darken.
Overcast	To compute or rate too high.
Overcast	To take long, loose stitches over (the raw edges of a seam) to prevent raveling.
Overcatch	To overtake.
Overcautious	Too cautious; cautious or prudent to excess.
Overchange	Too much or too frequent change; fickleness.
Overcharge	To charge or load too heavily; to burden; to oppress; to cloy.
Overcharge	To fill too full; to crowd.
Overcharge	To charge excessively; to charge beyond a fair rate or price.
Overcharge	To exaggerate; as, to overcharge a description.
Overcharge	To make excessive charges.
Overcharge	An excessive load or burden.
Overcharge	An excessive charge in an account.
Overclimb	To climb over.
Overcloud	To cover or overspread with clouds; to becloud; to overcast.
Overcloy	To fill beyond satiety.
Overcoat	A coat worn over the other clothing; a greatcoat; a topcoat.
Overcold	Cold to excess.
Overcolor	To color too highly.
Overcame	of Overcome
Overcome	of Overcome
Overcoming	of Overcome
Overcome	To get the better of; to surmount; to conquer; to subdue; as, to overcome enemies in battle.
Overcome	To overflow; to surcharge.
Overcome	To come or pass over; to spreads over.
Overcome	To gain the superiority; to be victorious.
Overcomer	One who overcomes.
Overcoming	Conquering; subduing.
Overconfidence	Excessive confidence; too great reliance or trust.
Overconfident	Confident to excess.
Overcostly	Too costly.
Overcount	To rate too high; to outnumber.
Overcover	To cover up.
Overcredulous	Too credulous.
Overcrow	To crow, exult, or boast, over; to overpower.
Overcrowd	To crowd too much.
Overcunning	Exceedingly or excessively cunning.
Overcurious	Too curious.
Overdare	To dare too much or rashly; to be too daring.
Overdate	To date later than the true or proper period.
Overdeal	The excess.
Overdelicate	Too delicate.
Overdelighted	Delighted beyond measure.
Overdight	Covered over.
Overdid	of Overdo
Overdone	of Overdo
Overdoing	of Overdo
Overdo	To do too much; to exceed what is proper or true in doing; to exaggerate; to carry too far.
Overdo	To overtask. or overtax; to fatigue; to exhaust; as, to overdo one's strength.
Overdo	To surpass; to excel.
Overdo	To cook too much; as, to overdo the meat.
Overdo	To labor too hard; to do too much.
Overdoer	One who overdoes.
Overdose	To dose to excess; to give an overdose, or too many doses, to.
Overdose	Too great a dose; an excessive dose.
Overdrew	of Overdraw
Overdrawn	of Overdraw
Overdrawing	of Overdraw
Overdraw	To exaggerate; to overdo.
Overdraw	To make drafts upon or against, in excess of the proper amount or limit.
Overdress	To dress or adorn to excess; to dress too much.
Overdrink	To drink to excess.
Overdtive	To drive too hard, or far, or beyond strength.
Overdrown	To wet or drench to excess.
Overdry	To dry too much.
Overdue	Due and more than due; delayed beyond the proper time of arrival or payment, etc.; as, an overdue vessel; an overdue note.
Overdye	To dye with excess of color; to put one color over (another).
Overeager	Too eager; too impatient.
Overearnest	Too earnest.
Overeat	To gnaw all over, or on all sides.
Overeat	To eat to excess; -- often with a reflexive.
Overelegant	Too elegant.
Overempty	To make too empty; to exhaust.
Overest	Uppermost; outermost.
Overestimate	To estimate too highly; to overvalue.
Overestimate	An estimate that is too high; as, an overestimate of the vote.
Overexcite	To excite too much.
Overexcitement	Excess of excitement; the state of being overexcited.
Overexert	To exert too much.
Overexertion	Excessive exertion.
Overexquisite	Too exquisite; too exact or nice; too careful.
Overeye	To superintend; to oversee; to inspect.
Overeye	To see; to observe.
Overfall	A cataract; a waterfall.
Overfall	A turbulent surface of water, caused by strong currents setting over submerged ridges; also, a dangerous submerged ridge or shoal.
Overfatigue	Excessive fatigue.
Overfatigue	To fatigue to excess; to tire out.
Overfed	of Overfeed
Overfeeding	of Overfeed
Overfeed	To feed to excess; to surfeit.
Overfierce	Excessively fierce.
overfill	To fill to excess; to surcharge.
Overfish	To fish to excess.
Overfloat	To overflow.
Overflourish	To make excessive display or flourish of.
Overflourish	To embellish with outward ornaments or flourishes; to varnish over.
Overflowed	of Overflow
Overflowing	of Overflow
Overflow	To flow over; to cover woth, or as with, water or other fluid; to spread over; to inundate; to overwhelm.
Overflow	To flow over the brim of; to fill more than full.
Overflow	To run over the bounds.
Overflow	To be superabundant; to abound.
Overflow	A flowing over, as of water or other fluid; an inundation.
Overflow	That which flows over; a superfluous portion; a superabundance.
Overflow	An outlet for the escape of surplus liquid.
Overflowing	An overflow; that which overflows; exuberance; copiousness.
Overflowingly	In great abundance; exuberantly.
Overflush	To flush to excess.
Overflutter	To flutter over.
Overflux	Overflow; exuberance.
Overflew	of Overfly
Overflown	of Overfly
Overflying	of Overfly
Overfly	To cross or pass over by flight.
Overfond	Fond to excess.
Overforce	Excessive force; violence.
Overforward	Forward to excess; too forward.
Overfree	Free to excess; too liberal; too familiar.
Overfreighted	of Overfreight
Overfraught	of Overfreight
Overfreighting	of Overfreight
Overfreight	To put too much freight in or upon; to load too full, or too heavily; to overload.
Overfrequent	Too frequent.
Overfrieze	To cover with a frieze, or as with a frieze.
Overfront	To confront; to oppose; to withstand.
Overfruitful	Too fruitful.
Overfull	Too full; filled to overflowing; excessively full; surfeited.
Overfullness	The state of being excessively or abnormally full, so as to cause overflow, distention, or congestion; excess of fullness; surfeit.
Over-garment	An outer garment.
Overgarrison	To garrison to excess.
Overgaze	To gaze; to overlook.
Overget	To reach; to overtake; to pass.
Overget	To get beyond; to get over or recover from.
Overgild	To gild over; to varnish.
Overgird	To gird too closely.
Overgive	To give over; to surrender; to yield.
Overglad	Excessively or unduly glad.
Overglance	To glance over.
Overglide	To glide over.
Overgloom	To spread gloom over; to make gloomy; to overshadow.
Overwent	of Overgo
Overgone	of Overgo
Overgoing	of Overgo
Overgo	To travel over.
Overgo	To exceed; to surpass.
Overgo	To cover.
Overgo	To oppress; to weigh down.
Overgorge	To gorge to excess.
Overgrace	To grace or honor exceedingly or beyond desert.
Overgrassed	Overstocked, or overgrown, or covered, with grass.
Overgreat	Too great.
Overgreatness	Excessive greatness.
Overgreedy	Excessively greedy.
Overgross	Too gross.
Overground	Situated over or above ground; as, the overground portion of a plant.
Overgrew	of Overgrow
Overgrown	of Overgrow
Overgrowing	of Overgrow
Overgrow	To grow over; to cover with growth or herbage, esp. that which is rank.
Overgrow	To grow beyond; to rise above; hence, to overcome; to oppress.
Overgrow	To grow beyond the fit or natural size; as, a huge, overgrown ox.
Overgrowth	Excessive growth.
Overhall	See Overhaul.
Overhale	See Overhaul.
Overhand	The upper hand; advantage; superiority; mastery.
Overhand	Over and over; -- applied to a style of sewing, or to a seam, in which two edges, usually selvedges, are sewed together by passing each stitch over both.
Overhand	Done (as pitching or bowling) with the hand higher than the elbow, or the arm above, or higher than, the shoulder.
Overhand	In an overhand manner or style.
Overhandle	To handle, or use, too much; to mention too often.
Overhung	of Overhang
Overhanging	of Overhang
Overhang	To impend or hang over.
Overhang	To hang over; to jut or project over.
Overhang	To jut over.
Overhang	In a general sense, that which just out or projects; a projection; also, the measure of the projection; as, the overhang is five feet.
Overhang	Specifically: The projection of an upper part (as a roof, an upper story, or other part) of a building beyond the lower part; as, the overhang of a roof, of the eaves, etc.
Overhang	The portion of the bow or stem of a vessel that projects over the water beyond the water line.
Overhang	The projection of a part beyond another part that is directly below it, or beyond a part by which it is supported; as, the overhang of a shaft; i. e., its projection beyond its bearing.
Overhappy	Exceedingly happy.
Overharden	To harden too much; to make too hard.
Overhardy	Too hardy; overbold.
Overhaste	Too great haste.
Overhasty	Too hasty; precipitate; rash.
Overhauled	of Overhaul
Overhauling	of Overhaul
Overhaul	To haul or drag over; hence, to turn over for examination; to inspect; to examine thoroughly with a view to corrections or repairs.
Overhaul	To gain upon in a chase; to overtake.
Overhaul	Alt. of Overhauling
Overhauling	A strict examination with a view to correction or repairs.
Overhead	Aloft; above; in or attached to the ceiling or roof; in the story or upon the floor above; in the zenith.
Overheard	of Overhear
Overhearing	of Overhear
Overhear	To hear more of (anything) than was intended to be heard; to hear by accident or artifice.
Overhear	To hear again.
Overheat	To heat to excess; to superheat.
Overheavy	Excessively heavy.
Overhele	To hele or cover over.
Overhent	To overtake.
Overhigh	Too high.
Overhighly	Too highly; too greatly.
Overhipped	of Overhip
Overhipping	of Overhip
Overhip	To pass over by, or as by a hop; to skip over; hence, to overpass.
Overhold	To hold or value too highly; to estimate at too dear a rate.
Overhung	Covered over; ornamented with hangings.
Overhung	Suspended from above or from the top.
Overinfluence	To influence in an excessive degree; to have undue influence over.
Overinform	To inform, fill, or animate, excessively.
Overissue	An excessive issue; an issue, as of notes or bonds, exceeding the limit of capital, credit, or authority.
Overissue	To issue in excess.
Overjealous	Excessively jealous; too jealous.
Overjoy	To make excessively joyful; to gratify extremely.
Overjoy	Excessive joy; transport.
Overjump	To jump over; hence, to omit; to ignore.
Overking	A king who has sovereignty over inferior kings or ruling princes.
Overknowing	Too knowing or too cunning.
Overlabored	of Overlabor
Overlaboring	of Overlabor
Overlabor	To cause to labor excessively; to overwork.
Overlabor	To labor upon excessively; to refine unduly.
Overladed	of Overlade
Overladen	of Overlade
Overlading	of Overlade
Overlade	To load with too great a cargo; to overburden; to overload.
Overland	Being, or accomplished, over the land, instead of by sea; as, an overland journey.
Overland	By, upon, or across, land.
Overlander	One who travels over lands or countries; one who travels overland.
Overlanguaged	Employing too many words; diffuse.
Overlap	To lap over; to lap.
Overlap	The lapping of one thing over another; as, an overlap of six inches; an overlap of a slate on a roof.
Overlap	An extension of geological beds above and beyond others, as in a conformable series of beds, when the upper beds extend over a wider space than the lower, either in one or in all directions.
Overlarge	Too large; too great.
Overlargeness	Excess of size or bulk.
Overlash	To drive on rashly; to go to excess; hence, to exaggerate; to boast.
Overlashing	Excess; exaggeration.
Overlate	Too late; exceedingly late.
Overlave	To lave or bathe over.
Overlavish	Lavish to excess.
Overlaid	of Overlay
Overlaying	of Overlay
Overlay	To lay, or spread, something over or across; hence, to cover; to overwhelm; to press excessively upon.
Overlay	To smother with a close covering, or by lying upon.
Overlay	To put an overlay on.
Overlay	A covering.
Overlay	A piece of paper pasted upon the tympan sheet to improve the impression by making it stronger at a particular place.
Overlayer	One who overlays; that with which anything is overlaid.
Overlaying	A superficial covering; a coating.
Overlead	To domineer over; to affront; to treat with indignity.
Overleap	To leap over or across; hence, to omit; to ignore.
Overlearned	Too learned.
Overleather	Upper leather.
Overleaven	To leaven too much; hence, to change excessively; to spoil.
Overliberal	Too liberal.
Overliberally	In an overliberal manner.
Overlick	To lick over.
Overlay	of Overlie
Overlain	of Overlie
Overlying	of Overlie
Overlie	To lie over or upon; specifically, to suffocate by lying upon; as, to overlie an infant.
Overlight	Too strong a light.
Overlight	Too light or frivolous; giddy.
Overliness	The quality or state of being overly; carelessness.
Overlinger	To cause to linger; to detain too long.
Overlip	The upper lip.
Overlive	To outlive.
Overlive	To live too long, too luxuriously, or too actively.
Overliver	A survivor.
Overloaded	of Overload
Overloading	of Overload
Overload	To load or fill to excess; to load too heavily.
Overload	An excessive load; the excess beyond a proper load.
Overlogical	Excessively logical; adhering too closely to the forms or rules of logic.
Overlong	Too long.
Overlooked	of Overlook
Overlooking	of Overlook
Overlook	To look down upon from a place that is over or above; to look over or view from a higher position; to rise above, so as to command a view of; as, to overlook a valley from a hill.
Overlook	Hence: To supervise; to watch over; sometimes, to observe secretly; as, to overlook a gang of laborers; to overlook one who is writing a letter.
Overlook	To inspect; to examine; to look over carefully or repeatedly.
Overlook	To look upon with an evil eye; to bewitch by looking upon; to fascinate.
Overlook	To look over and beyond (anything) without seeing it; to miss or omit in looking; hence, to refrain from bestowing notice or attention upon; to neglect; to pass over without censure or punishment; to excuse.
Overlooker	One who overlooks.
Overloop	See Orlop.
Overlord	One who is lord over another or others; a superior lord; a master.
Overlordship	Lordship or supremacy of a person or a people over others.
Overloud	Too loud; noisy.
Overlove	To love to excess.
Overluscious	Excessively luscious.
Overlusty	Too lusty, or lively.
Overly	Careless; negligent; inattentive; superfical; not thorough.
Overly	Excessive; too much.
Overly	In an overly manner.
Overlying	Lying over or upon something; as, overlying rocks.
Overmagnify	To magnify too much.
Overmalapert	Excessively malapert or impudent.
Overmanner	In an excessive manner; excessively.
Overmarch	To march too far, or too much; to exhaust by marching.
Overmast	To furnish (a vessel) with too long or too heavy a mast or masts.
Overmaster	To overpower; to subdue; to vanquish; to govern.
Overmatch	To be more than equal to or a match for; hence, to vanquish.
Overmatch	To marry (one) to a superior.
Overmatch	One superior in power; also, an unequal match; a contest in which one of the opponents is overmatched.
Overmeasure	To measure or estimate too largely.
Overmeasure	Excessive measure; the excess beyond true or proper measure; surplus.
Overmeddle	To meddle unduly.
Overmeddling	Excessive interference.
Overmellow	Too mellow; overripe.
Overmerit	Excessive merit.
Overmickle	Overmuch.
Overmix	To mix with too much.
Overmodest	Modest to excess; bashful.
Overmoist	Excessively moist.
Overmoisture	Excess of moisture.
Overmore	Beyond; moreover.
Overmorrow	The day after or following to-morrow.
Overmost	Over the rest in authority; above all others; highest.
Overmount	To mount over; to go higher than; to rise above.
Overmuch	Too much.
Overmuch	In too great a degree; too much.
Overmuch	An excess; a surplus.
Overmuchness	The quality or state of being in excess; superabundance.
Overmultiply	To multiply or increase too much; to repeat too often.
Overmultitude	To outnumber.
Overname	To name over or in a series; to recount.
Overneat	Excessively neat.
Overnice	Excessively nice; fastidious.
Overnight	The fore part of the night last past; the previous evening.
Overnight	In the fore part of the night last past; in the evening before; also, during the night; as, the candle will not last overnight.
Overnoise	To overpower by noise.
Overnumerous	Excessively numerous; too many.
Overoffice	To domineer over by virtue of office.
Overofficious	Too busy; too ready to intermeddle; too officious.
Overpaint	To color or describe too strongly.
Overpamper	To pamper excessively; to feed or dress too much.
Overpart	To give too important or difficult a part to.
Overpassed	of Overpass
Overpassing	of Overpass
Overpass	To go over or beyond; to cross; as, to overpass a river; to overpass limits.
Overpass	To pass over; to omit; to overlook; to disregard.
Overpass	To surpass; to excel.
Overpass	To pass over, away, or off.
Overpassionate	Passionate to excess.
Overpatient	Patient to excess.
Overpaid	of Overpay
Overpaying	of Overpay
Overpay	To pay too much to; to reward too highly.
Overpeer	To peer over; to rise above.
Overpeople	To people too densely.
Overperch	To perch upon; to fly over.
Overpersuade	To persuade or influence against one's inclination or judgment.
Overpester	To pester exceedingly or excessively.
Overpicture	To surpass nature in the picture or representation of.
Overplease	To please excessively.
Overplus	That which remains after a supply, or beyond a quantity proposed; surplus.
Overply	To ply to excess; to exert with too much vigor; to overwork.
Overpoise	To outweigh; to overbalance.
Overpoise	Preponderant weight; a counterbalance.
Overpolish	To polish too much.
Overponderous	Too heavy.
Overpost	To post over; to pass over swiftly, as by post.
Overpotent	Too potent or powerful.
Overpowered	of Overpower
Overpowering	of Overpower
Overpower	To excel or exceed in power; to cause to yield; to vanquish; to subdue; as, the light overpowers the eyes.
Overpower	A dominating power.
Overpowering	Excelling in power; too powerful; irresistible.
Overpraise	To praise excessively or unduly.
Overpraising	The act of praising unduly; excessive praise.
Overpress	To bear upon with irresistible force; to crush; to overwhelm.
Overpress	To overcome by importunity.
Overpressure	Excessive pressure or urging.
Overprize	Toprize excessively; to overvalue.
Overproduction	Excessive production; supply beyond the demand.
Overprompt	Too prompt; too ready or eager; precipitate.
Overproof	Containing more alcohol than proof spirit; stronger than proof spirit; that is, containing more than 49.3 per cent by weight of alcohol.
Overproportion	To make of too great proportion.
Overproud	Exceedingly or unduly proud.
Overprovident	Too provident.
Overprovoke	To provoke excessively.
Overquell	To quell or subdue completely.
Overquietness	Too much quietness.
Overraked	of Overrake
Overraking	of Overrake
Overrake	To rake over, or sweep across, from end to end, as waves that break over a vessel anchored with head to the sea.
Overrank	Too rank or luxuriant.
Overrated	of Overrate
Overrating	of Overrate
Overrate	To rate or value too highly.
Overrate	An excessive rate.
Overreached	of Overreach
Overraught	of Overreach
Overreaching	of Overreach
Overreach	To reach above or beyond in any direction.
Overreach	To deceive, or get the better of, by artifice or cunning; to outwit; to cheat.
Overreach	To reach too far
Overreach	To strike the toe of the hind foot against the heel or shoe of the forefoot; -- said of horses.
Overreach	To sail on one tack farther than is necessary.
Overreach	To cheat by cunning or deception.
Overreach	The act of striking the heel of the fore foot with the toe of the hind foot; -- said of horses.
Overreacher	One who overreaches; one who cheats; a cheat.
Overread	To read over, or peruse.
Overready	Too ready.
Overreckon	To reckon too highly.
Overred	To smear with red.
Overrefine	To refine too much.
Overrefinement	Excessive refinement.
Overrent	To rent for too much.
Overrich	Exccessively rich.
Overrode	of Override
Overridden	of Override
Overrode	of Override
Overrid	of Override
Overriding	of Override
Override	To ride over or across; to ride upon; to trample down.
Override	To suppress; to destroy; to supersede; to annul; as, one low overrides another; to override a veto.
Override	To ride beyond; to pass; to outride.
Override	To ride too much; to ride, as a horse, beyond its strength.
Overrigged	Having too much rigging.
Overrighteous	Excessively righteous; -- usually implying hypocrisy.
Overrigid	Too rigid; too severe.
Overrigorous	Too rigorous; harsh.
Overripe	Matured to excess.
Overripen	To make too ripe.
Overroast	To roast too much.
Overruled	of Overrule
Overruling	of Overrule
Overrule	To rule over; to govern or determine by superior authority.
Overrule	To rule or determine in a contrary way; to decide against; to abrogate or alter; as, God overrules the purposes of men; the chairman overruled the point of order.
Overrule	To supersede, reject, annul, or rule against; as, the plea, or the decision, was overruled by the court.
Overrule	To be superior or supreme in rulling or controlling; as, God rules and overrules.
Overruler	One who, or that which, controls, governs, or determines.
Overruling	Exerting controlling power; as, an overruling Providence.
Overran	of Overrun
Overrun	of Overrun
Overrunning	of Overrun
Overrun	To run over; to grow or spread over in excess; to invade and occupy; to take possession of; as, the vine overran its trellis; the farm is overrun with witch grass.
Overrun	To exceed in distance or speed of running; to go beyond or pass in running.
Overrun	To go beyond; to extend in part beyond; as, one line overruns another in length.
Overrun	To abuse or oppress, as if by treading upon.
Overrun	To carry over, or back, as type, from one line or page into the next after, or next before.
Overrun	To extend the contents of (a line, column, or page) into the next line, column, or page.
Overrun	To run, pass, spread, or flow over or by something; to be beyond, or in excess.
Overrun	To extend beyond its due or desired length; as, a line, or advertisement, overruns.
Overrunner	One that overruns.
Oversaturate	To saturate to excess.
Oversay	To say over; to repeat.
Overscented	Scented excessively.
Overscented	Covered or concealed by a different odor.
Overscrupulosity	Overscrupulousness.
Overscrupulous	Scrupulous to excess.
Overscrupulousness	The quality or state of being overscrupulous; excess of scrupulousness.
Oversea	Beyond the sea; foreign.
Oversea	Alt. of Overseas
Overseas	Over the sea; abroad.
Oversearch	To search all over.
Overseason	To season too highly.
Oversaw	of Oversee
Overseen	of Oversee
Overseeing	of Oversee
Oversee	To superintend; to watch over; to direct; to look or see after; to overlook.
Oversee	To omit or neglect seeing.
Oversee	To see too or too much; hence, to be deceived.
Overseer	One who oversees; a superintendent; a supervisor; as, an overseer of a mill; specifically, one or certain public officers; as, an overseer of the poor; an overseer of highways.
Overseership	The office of an overseer.
Oversold	of Oversell
Overselling	of Oversell
Oversell	To sell for a higher price than; to exceed in selling price.
Oversell	To sell beyond means of delivery.
Overset	of Overset
Oversetting	of Overset
Overset	To turn or tip (anything) over from an upright, or a proper, position so that it lies upon its side or bottom upwards; to upset; as, to overset a chair, a coach, a ship, or a building.
Overset	To cause to fall, or to tail; to subvert; to overthrow; as, to overset a government or a plot.
Overset	To fill too full.
Overset	To turn, or to be turned, over; to be upset.
Overset	An upsetting; overturn; overthrow; as, the overset of a carriage.
Overset	An excess; superfluity.
Overshade	To cover with shade; to render dark or gloomy; to overshadow.
Overshadowed	of Overshadow
Overshadowing	of Overshadow
Overshadow	To throw a shadow, or shade, over; to darken; to obscure.
Overshadow	Fig.: To cover with a superior influence.
Overshadower	One that throws a shade, or shadow, over anything.
Overshadowy	Overshadowing.
Overshake	To shake over or away; to drive away; to disperse.
Overshine	To shine over or upon; to illumine.
Overshine	To excel in shining; to outshine.
Overshoe	A shoe that is worn over another for protection from wet or for extra warmth; esp., an India-rubber shoe; a galoche.
Overshot	of Overshoot
Overshooting	of Overshoot
Overshoot	To shoot over or beyond.
Overshoot	To pass swiftly over; to fly beyond.
Overshoot	To exceed; as, to overshoot the truth.
Overshoot	To fly beyond the mark.
Overshot	From Overshoot, v. t.
Oversight	Watchful care; superintendence; general supervision.
Oversight	An overlooking; an omission; an error.
Oversight	Escape from an overlooked peril.
Oversize	To surpass in size.
Oversize	To cover with viscid matter.
Overskip	To skip or leap over; to treat with indifference.
Overskirt	An upper skirt, shorter than the dress, and usually draped.
Overslaugh	A bar in a river; as, the overslaugh in the Hudson River.
Overslaugh	To hinder or stop, as by an overslaugh or an impediment; as, to overslaugh a bill in a legislative body; to overslaugh a military officer, that is, to hinder his promotion or employment.
Oversleep	To sleep beyond; as, to oversleep one's self or one's usual hour of rising.
Oversleep	To sleep too long.
Overslide	To slide over or by.
Overslip	To slip or slide over; to pass easily or carelessly beyond; to omit; to neglect; as, to overslip time or opportunity.
Overslop	An outer garment, or slop.
Overslow	To render slow; to check; to curb.
Overslow	Too slow.
Oversmen	of Oversman
Oversman	An overseer; a superintendent.
Oversman	An umpire; a third arbiter, appointed when two arbiters, previously selected, disagree.
Oversnow	To cover with snow, or as with snow.
Oversoon	Too soon.
Oversorrow	To grieve or afflict to excess.
Oversoul	The all-containing soul.
Oversow	To sow where something has already been sown.
Overspan	To reach or extend over.
Overspeak	To exceed in speaking; to speak too much; to use too many words.
Overspin	To spin out to too great length; to protract unduly.
Overspread	of Overspread
Overspreading	of Overspread
Overspread	To spread over; to cover; as, the deluge overspread the earth.
Overspread	To be spread or scattered over.
Overspring	To spring or leap over.
Overstand	To stand on the price or conditions of, so as to lose a sale; to lose by an extravagant price or hard conditions.
Overstare	To outstare.
Overstare	To stare wildly.
Overstated	of Overstate
Overstating	of Overstate
Overstate	To state in too strong terms; to exaggerate.
Overstatement	An exaggerated statement or account.
Overstayed	of Overstay
Overstaid	of Overstay
Overstaying	of Overstay
Overstay	To stay beyond the time or the limits of; as, to overstay the appointed time.
Overstepped	of Overstep
Overstepping	of Overstep
Overstep	To step over or beyond; to transgress.
Overstock	Stock in excess.
Overstocked	of Overstock
Overstocking	of Overstock
Overstock	To fill too full; to supply in excess; as, to overstock a market with goods, or a farm with cattle.
Overstore	To overstock.
Over-story	The clearstory, or upper story, of a building.
Overstrained	of Overstrain
Overstraining	of Overstrain
Overstrain	To strain one's self to excess.
Overstrain	To stretch or strain too much; as to overstrain one's nerves.
Overstraitly	Too straitly or strictly.
Overstraw	To overstrew.
Overstrew	To strew or scatter over.
Overstrict	Excessively strict.
Overstride	To stride over or beyond.
Overstrike	To strike beyond.
Overstrow	See Overstrew.
Overstudious	Too studious.
Oversubtile	Excessively subtile.
Oversum	A sum or quantity over; surplus.
Oversupply	To supply in excess.
Oversupply	An excessive supply.
Oversure	Excessively sure.
Oversway	To bear sway over.
Overswell	To swell or rise above; to overflow.
Overt	Open to view; public; apparent; manifest.
Overt	Not covert; open; public; manifest; as, an overt act of treason.
Overtook	of Overtake
Overtaken	of Overtake
Overtaking	of Overtake
Overtake	To come up with in a course, pursuit, progress, or motion; to catch up with.
Overtake	To come upon from behind; to discover; to surprise; to capture; to overcome.
Overtake	Hence, figuratively, in the past participle (overtaken), drunken.
Overtalk	To talk to excess.
Overtask	To task too heavily.
Overtax	To tax or to task too heavily.
Overtedious	Too tedious.
Overtempt	To tempt exceedingly, or beyond the power of resistance.
Overthrew	of Overthrow
Overthrown	of Overthrow
Overthrowing	of Overthrow
Overthrow	To throw over; to overturn; to upset; to turn upside down.
Overthrow	To cause to fall or to fail; to subvert; to defeat; to make a ruin of; to destroy.
Overthrow	The act of overthrowing; the state of being overthrow; ruin.
Overthrow	The act of throwing a ball too high, as over a player's head.
Overthrow	A faulty return of the ball by a fielder, so that the striker makes an additional run.
Overthwart	Having a transverse position; placed or situated across; hence, opposite.
Overthwart	Crossing in kind or disposition; perverse; adverse; opposing.
Overthwart	Across; crosswise; transversely.
Overthwart	Across; from alde to side of.
Overthwart	That which is overthwart; an adverse circumstance; opposition.
Overthwart	To cross; to oppose.
Overthwartly	In an overthwart manner; across; also, perversely.
Overthwartness	The state of being overthwart; perverseness.
Overtilt	To tilt over; to overturn.
Overtime	Time beyond, or in excess of, a limit; esp., extra working time.
Overtire	To tire to excess; to exhaust.
Overtire	To become too tired.
Overtitle	To give too high a title to.
Overtly	Publicly; openly.
Overtoil	To overwork.
Overtoil	To weary excessively; to exhaust.
Overtone	One of the harmonics faintly heard with and above a tone as it dies away, produced by some aliquot portion of the vibrating sting or column of air which yields the fundamental tone; one of the natural harmonic scale of tones, as the octave, twelfth, fifteenth, etc.; an aliquot or "partial" tone; a harmonic. See Harmonic, and Tone.
Overtopped	of Overtop
Overtopping	of Overtop
Overtop	To rise above the top of; to exceed in height; to tower above.
Overtop	To go beyond; to transcend; to transgress.
Overtop	To make of less importance, or throw into the background, by superior excellence; to dwarf; to obscure.
Overtower	To tower over or above.
Overtower	To soar too high.
Overtrade	To trade beyond one's capital; to buy goods beyond the means of paying for or seleng them; to overstock the market.
Overtrading	The act or practice of buying goods beyond the means of payment; a glutting of the market.
Overtread	To tread over or upon.
Overtrip	To trip over nimbly.
Overtroubled	Excessively troubled.
Overtrow	To be too trustful or confident; to trust too much.
Overtrust	Excessive confidence.
Overtrust	To trust too much.
Overture	An opening or aperture; a recess; a recess; a chamber.
Overture	Disclosure; discovery; revelation.
Overture	A proposal; an offer; a proposition formally submitted for consideration, acceptance, or rejection.
Overture	A composition, for a full orchestra, designed as an introduction to an oratorio, opera, or ballet, or as an independent piece; -- called in the latter case a concert overture.
Overture	To make an overture to; as, to overture a religious body on some subject.
Overturned	of Overturn
Overturning	of Overturn
Overturn	To turn or throw from a basis, foundation, or position; to overset; as, to overturn a carriage or a building.
Overturn	To subvert; to destroy; to overthrow.
Overturn	To overpower; to conquer.
Overturn	The act off overturning, or the state of being overturned or subverted; overthrow; as, an overturn of parties.
Overturnable	Capable of being, or liable to be, overturned or subverted.
Overturner	One who overturns.
Overvail	See Overveil.
Overvaluation	Excessive valuation; overestimate.
Overvalued	of Overvalue
Overvaluing	of Overvalue
Overvalue	To value excessively; to rate at too high a price.
Overvalue	To exceed in value.
Overveil	To veil or cover.
Overview	An inspection or overlooking.
Overvote	To outvote; to outnumber in votes given.
Overwalk	To walk over or upon.
Overwar	To defeat.
Overwary	Too wary; too cautious.
Overwash	To overflow.
Overwasted	Wasted or worn out; /onsumed; spent
Overwatch	To watch too much.
Overwatch	To weary or exhaust by watching.
Overwax	To wax or grow too rapindly or too much.
Overweak	Too weak; too feeble.
Overwear	To wear too much; to wear out.
Overweary	To weary too much; to tire out.
Overweather	To expose too long to the influence of the weather.
Overween	To think too highly or arrogantly; to regard one's own thinking or conclusions too highly; hence, to egotistic, arrogant, or rash, in opinion; to think conceitedly; to presume.
Overweener	One who overweens.
Overweening	Unduly confident; arrogant; presumptuous; conceited.
Overweening	Conceit; arrogance.
Overweigh	To exceed in weight; to overbalance; to weigh down.
Overweight	Weight over and above what is required by law or custom.
Overweight	Superabundance of weight; preponderance.
Overweight	Overweighing; excessive.
Overwell	To overflow.
Overwet	Excessive wetness.
Overwhelmed	of Overwhelm
Overwhelming	of Overwhelm
Overwhelm	To cover over completely, as by a great wave; to overflow and bury beneath; to ingulf; hence, figuratively, to immerse and bear down; to overpower; to crush; to bury; to oppress, etc., overpoweringly.
Overwhelm	To project or impend over threateningly.
Overwhelm	To cause to surround, to cover.
Overwhelm	The act of overwhelming.
Overwhelming	Overpowering; irresistible.
Overwind	To wind too tightly, as a spring, or too far, as a hoisting rope on a drum.
Overwing	To outflank.
Overwise	Too wise; affectedly wise.
Overwit	To outwit.
Overword	To say in too many words; to express verbosely.
Overworked	of Overwork
Overwrought	of Overwork
Overworking	of Overwork
Overwork	To work beyond the strength; to cause to labor too much or too long; to tire excessively; as, to overwork a horse.
Overwork	To fill too full of work; to crowd with labor.
Overwork	To decorate all over.
Overwork	To work too much, or beyond one's strength.
Overwork	Work in excess of the usual or stipulated time or quantity; extra work; also, excessive labor.
Overworn	Worn out or subdued by toil; worn out so as to be trite.
Overwrest	To wrest or force from the natural or proper position.
Overwrestle	To subdue by wrestling.
Overwrought	Wrought upon excessively; overworked; overexcited.
Overzeal	Excess of zeal.
Overzealous	Too zealous.
Ovicapsule	The outer layer of a Graafian follicle.
Ovicapsule	Same as Ootheca.
Ovicell	One of the dilatations of the body wall of Bryozoa in which the ova sometimes undegro the first stages of their development. See Illust. of Chilostoma.
Ovioular	Of or pertaining to an egg.
Ovicyst	The pouch in which incubation takes place in some Tunicata.
Ovidian	Of or pertaining to the Latin poet Ovid; resembling the style of Ovid.
Oviducal	Of or pertaining to oviducts; as, oviducal glands.
Oviduct	A tube, or duct, for the passage of ova from the ovary to the exterior of the animal or to the part where further development takes place. In mammals the oviducts are also called Fallopian tubes.
Oviferous	Egg-bearing; -- applied particularly to certain receptacles, as in Crustacea, that retain the eggs after they have been excluded from the formative organs, until they are hatched.
Oviform	Having the form or figure of an egg; egg-shaped; as, an oviform leaf.
Ovigerons	Bearing eggs; oviferous.
Ovile	See Ovine.
Ovine	Of or pertaining to sheep; consisting of sheep.
Ovipara	An artifical division of vertebrates, including those that lay eggs; -- opposed to Vivipara.
Oviparity	Generation by means of ova. See Generation.
Oviparous	Producing young from rggs; as, an oviparous animal, in which the egg is generally separated from the animal, and hatched after exclusion; -- opposed to viviparous.
Oviposited	of Oviposit
Ovipositing	of Oviposit
Oviposit	To lay or deposit eggs; -- said esp. of insects.
Oviposit	To deposit or lay (an egg).
Ovipositing	Alt. of Oviposition
Oviposition	The depositing of eggs, esp. by insects.
Ovipositor	The organ with which many insects and some other animals deposit their eggs. Some ichneumon files have a long ovipositor fitted to pierce the eggs or larvae of other insects, in order to lay their own eggs within the same.
Ovisac	A Graafian follicle; any sac containing an ovum or ova.
Ovisac	The inner layer of the fibrous wall of a Graafian follicle.
Ovist	Same as Ovulist.
Ovococci	of Ovococcus
Ovococcus	A germinal vesicle.
Ovoid	Alt. of Ovoidal
Ovoidal	Resembling an egg in shape; egg-shaped; ovate; as, an ovoidal apple.
Ovoid	A solid resembling an egg in shape.
Ovolo	A round, convex molding. See Illust. of Column.
Ovology	That branch of natural history which treats of the origin and functions of eggs.
Ovoplasma	Yolk; egg yolk.
Ovotesttis	An organ which produces both ova and spermatozoids; an hermaphrodite gland.
Ovoviviparous	Oviparous, but hatching the egg while it is within the body, as some fishes and reptiles.
Ovular	Relating or belonging to an ovule; as, an ovular growth.
Ovulary	Pertaining to ovules.
Ovulate	Containing an ovule or ovules.
Ovulation	The formation of ova or eggs in the ovary, and the discharge of the same. In the mammalian female the discharge occurs during menstruation.
Ovule	The rudiment of a seed. It grows from a placenta, and consists of a soft nucleus within two delicate coatings. The attached base of the ovule is the hilum, the coatings are united with the nucleus at the chalaza, and their minute orifice is the foramen.
Ovule	An ovum.
Ovuliferous	Producing ovules.
Ovulist	A believer in the theory (called encasement theory), current during the last century, that the egg was the real animal germ, and that at the time of fecundation the spermatozoa simply gave the impetus which caused the unfolding of the egg, in which all generations were inclosed one within the other. Also called ovist.
Ovulite	A fossil egg.
Ovula	of Ovulum
Ovulum	An ovule.
Ova	of Ovum
Ovums	of Ovum
Ovum	A more or less spherical and transparent mass of granular protoplasm, which by a process of multiplication and growth develops into a mass of cells, constituting a new individual like the parent; an egg, spore, germ, or germ cell. See Illust. of Mycropyle.
Ovum	One of the series of egg-shaped ornaments into which the ovolo is often carved.
Owch	See Ouch.
Owed	of Owe
Ought	of Owe
Owing	of Owe
Owe	To possess; to have, as the rightful owner; to own.
Owe	To have or possess, as something derived or bestowed; to be obliged to ascribe (something to some source); to be indebted or obliged for; as, he owed his wealth to his father; he owed his victory to his lieutenants.
Owe	Hence: To have or be under an obigation to restore, pay, or render (something) in return or compensation for something received; to be indebted in the sum of; as, the subject owes allegiance; the fortunate owe assistance to the unfortunate.
Owe	To have an obligation to (some one) on account of something done or received; to be indebted to; as, to iwe the grocer for supplies, or a laborer for services.
Owel	Equal.
Owelty	Equality; -- sometimes written ovelty and ovealty.
Owen	Own.
Owenite	A follower of Robert Owen, who tried to reorganize society on a socialistic basis, and established an industrial community on the Clyde, Scotland, and, later, a similar one in Indiana.
Owher	Anywhere.
Owing	Had or held under obligation of paying; due.
Owing	Had or experienced as a consequence, result, issue, etc.; ascribable; -- with to; as, misfortunes are often owing to vices; his failure was owing to speculations.
Owl	Any species of raptorial birds of the family Strigidae. They have large eyes and ears, and a conspicuous circle of feathers around each eye. They are mostly nocturnal in their habits.
Owl	A variety of the domestic pigeon.
Owled	of Owl
Owling	of Owl
Owl	To pry about; to prowl.
Owl	To carry wool or sheep out of England.
Owl	Hence, to carry on any contraband trade.
Owler	One who owls; esp., one who conveys contraband goods. See Owling, n.
Owleries	of Owlery
Owlery	An abode or a haunt of owls.
Owlet	A small owl; especially, the European species (Athene noctua), and the California flammulated owlet (Megascops flammeolus).
Owl-eyed	Having eyes like an owl's.
Owling	The offense of transporting wool or sheep out of England contrary to the statute formerly existing.
Owlish	Resembling, or characteristic of, an owl.
Owlism	Affected wisdom; pompous dullness.
Owllight	Glimmering or imperfect light.
Own	To grant; to acknowledge; to admit to be true; to confess; to recognize in a particular character; as, we own that we have forfeited your love.
Own	Belonging to; belonging exclusively or especially to; peculiar; -- most frequently following a possessive pronoun, as my, our, thy, your, his, her, its, their, in order to emphasize or intensify the idea of property, peculiar interest, or exclusive ownership; as, my own father; my own composition; my own idea; at my own price.
Owned	of Own
Owning	of Own
Own	To hold as property; to have a legal or rightful title to; to be the proprietor or possessor of; to possess; as, to own a house.
Owner	One who owns; a rightful proprietor; one who has the legal or rightful title, whether he is the possessor or not.
Ownerless	Without an owner.
Ownership	The state of being an owner; the right to own; exclusive right of possession; legal or just claim or title; proprietorship.
Owre	The aurochs.
Owse	Alt. of Owser
Owser	Tanner's ooze. See Ooze, 3.
Oxen	of Ox
Ox	The male of bovine quadrupeds, especially the domestic animal when castrated and grown to its full size, or nearly so. The word is also applied, as a general name, to any species of bovine animals, male and female.
Oxacid	See Oxyacid.
Oxalan	A complex nitrogenous substance C3N3H5O3 obtained from alloxan (or when urea is fused with ethyl oxamate), as a stable white crystalline powder; -- called also oxaluramide.
Oxalantin	A white crystalline nitrogenous substance (C6H4N4O5)  obtained by the reduction of parabanic acid; -- called also leucoturic acid.
Oxalate	A salt of oxalic acid.
Oxaldehyde	Same as Glyoxal.
Oxalethyline	A poisonous nitrogenous base (C6H10N2) obtained indirectly from oxamide as a thick transparent oil which has a strong narcotic odor, and a physiological action resembling that of atropine. It is probably related to pyridine.
Oxalic	Pertaining to, derived from, or contained in, sorrel, or oxalis; specifically, designating an acid found in, and characteristic of, oxalis, and also certain plant of the Buckwheat family.
Oxaline	See Glyoxaline.
Oxalis	A genus of plants, mostly herbs, with acid-tasting trifoliolate or multifoliolate leaves; -- called also wood sorrel.
Oxalite	A yellow mineral consisting of oxalate of iron.
Oxaluramide	Same as Oxalan.
Oxalurate	A salt of oxaluric acid.
Oxaluric	Pertaining to, or designating, a complex nitrogenous acid related to the ureids, and obtained from parabanic acid as a white silky crystalline substance.
Oxalyl	A hydrocarbon radical (C2O2) regarded as a residue of oxalic acid and occurring in derivatives of it.
Oxalyl	An old name for carbonyl.
Oxalyl	An old name for carboxyl.
Oxamate	A salt of oxamic acid.
Oxamethane	Ethyl oxamate, obtained as a white scaly crystalline powder.
Oxamethylane	Methyl oxamate, obtained as a pearly white crystalline substance.
Oxamic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid NH2.C2O2.HO obtained as a fine crystalline powder, intermediate between oxalic acid and oxamide. Its ammonium salt is obtained by boiling oxamide with ammonia.
Oxamide	A white crystalline neutral substance (C2O2(NH2)2) obtained by treating ethyl oxalate with ammonia. It is the acid amide of oxalic acid.  Formerly called also oxalamide.
Oxamidine	One of a series of bases containing the amido and the isonitroso groups united to the same carbon atom.
Oxanillamide	A white crystalline nitrogenous substance, obtained indirectly by the action of cyanogen on aniline, and regarded as an anilide of oxamic acid; -- called also phenyl oxamide.
Oxanilate	A salt of oxanilic acid.
Oxanilic	Pertaining to, or derived from, oxalic acid and aniline; -- used to designate an acid obtained in white crystalline scales by heating these substances together.
Oxanilide	a white crystalline substance, resembling oxanilamide, obtained by heating aniline oxalate, and regarded as a double anilide of oxalic acid; -- called also diphenyl oxamide.
Oxbane	A poisonous bulbous plant (Buphane toxicaria) of the Cape of Good Hope.
Oxbird	 The dunlin.
Oxbird	 The sanderling.
Oxbird	An African weaver bird (Textor alector).
Oxbiter	The cow blackbird.
Oxbow	A frame of wood, bent into the shape of the letter U, and embracing an ox's neck as a kind of collar, the upper ends passing through the bar of the yoke; also, anything so shaped, as a bend in a river.
Oxeye	The oxeye daisy. See under Daisy.
Oxeye	The corn camomile (Anthemis arvensis).
Oxeye	A genus of composite plants (Buphthalmum) with large yellow flowers.
Oxeye	 A titmouse, especially the great titmouse (Parus major) and the blue titmouse (P. coeruleus).
Oxeye	The dunlin.
Oxeye	A fish; the bogue, or box.
Oxeyed	Having large, full eyes, like those of an ox.
Oxfly	The gadfly of cattle.
Oxford	Of or pertaining to the city or university of Oxford, England.
Oxgang	See Bovate.
Oxgoad	A goad for driving oxen.
Oxhead	Literally, the head of an ox (emblem of cuckoldom); hence, a dolt; a blockhead.
Oxheal	Same as Bear's-foot.
Oxheart	A large heart-shaped cherry, either black, red, or white.
Oxhide	The skin of an ox, or leather made from it.
Oxhide	A measure of land. See 3d Hide.
Oxid	See Oxide.
Oxidability	Capability of being converted into an oxide.
Oxidable	Capable of being converted into an oxide.
Oxidated	of Oxidate
Oxidating	of Oxidate
Oxidate	To oxidize.
Oxidation	The act or process of oxidizing, or the state or result of being oxidized.
Oxidator	An oxidizer.
Oxidator	A contrivance for causing a current of air to impinge on the flame of the Argand lamp; -- called also oxygenator.
Oxide	A binary compound of oxygen with an atom or radical, or a compound which is regarded as binary; as, iron oxide, ethyl oxide, nitrogen oxide, etc.
Oxidizable	Capable of being oxidized.
Oxidized	of Oxidize
Oxidizing	of Oxidize
Oxidize	To combine with oxygen, or subject to the action of oxygen, or of an oxidizing agent.
Oxidize	To combine with oxygen or with more oxygen; to add oxygen to; as, to oxidize nitrous acid so as to form nitric acid.
Oxidize	To remove hydrogen from (anything), as by the action of oxygen; as, to oxidize alcohol so as to form aldehyde.
Oxidize	To subject to the action of oxygen or of an oxidizing agent, so as to bring to a higher grade, as an -ous compound to an -ic compound; as, to oxidize mercurous chloride to mercuric chloride.
Oxidizement	Oxidation.
Oxidizer	An agent employed in oxidation, or which facilitates or brings about combination with oxygen; as, nitric acid, chlorine, bromine, etc., are strong oxidizers.
Oxidulated	Existing in the state of a protoxide; -- said of an oxide.
Oxime	One of a series of isonitroso derivatives obtained by the action of hydroxylamine on aldehydes or ketones.
Oxindol	A white crystalline nitrogenous substance (C8H7NO) of the indol group, obtained by the reduction of dioxindol. It is a so-called lactam compound.
Oxiodic	Pertaining to, or designating, certain compounds of iodine and oxygen.
Oxlike	Characteristic of, or like, an ox.
Oxlip	The great cowslip (Primula veris, var. elatior).
Oxonate	A salt of oxonic acid.
Oxonian	Of or relating to the city or the university of Oxford, England.
Oxonian	A student or graduate of Oxford University, in England.
Oxonic	Pertaining to, or designating, a complex nitrogenous acid (C4H5N3O4) not known in the free state, but obtained, in combination with its salts, by a slow oxidation of uric acid, to which it is related.
Oxpecker	An African bird of the genus Buphaga; the beefeater.
Oxshoe	A shoe for oxen, consisting of a flat piece of iron nailed to the hoof.
Oxter	The armpit; also, the arm.
Oxtongue	A name given to several plants, from the shape and roughness of their leaves; as, Anchusa officinalis, a kind of bugloss, and Helminthia echioides, both European herbs.
Oxy-	A prefix, also used adjectively
Oxy-	A compound containing oxygen.
Oxy-	A compound containing the hydroxyl group, more properly designated by hydroxy-. See Hydroxy-.
Oxyacetic	Hydroxyacetic; designating an acid called also glycolic acid.
Oxyacid	An acid containing oxygen, as chloric acid or sulphuric acid; -- contrasted with the hydracids, which contain no oxygen, as hydrochloric acid. See Acid, and Hydroxy-.
Oxyammonia	Same as Hydroxylamine.
Oxybenzene	Hydroxy benzene. Same as Phenol.
Oxybenzoic	Hydroxybenzoic; pertaining to, or designating, any one of several hydroxyl derivatives of benzonic acid, of which the commonest is salicylic acid.
Oxybromic	Pertaining to, or designating, certain compounds of oxygen and bromine.
Oxybutyric	Hydroxybutyric; designating any one of a group of metameric acids (C3H6.OH.CO2H).
Oxycalcium	Of or pertaining to oxygen and calcium; as, the oxycalcium light. See Drummond light.
Oxycaproic	See Leucic.
Oxychloric	Of, pertaining to, or designating in general, certain compounds containing oxygen and chlorine.
Oxychloric	Formerly designating an acid now called perchloric acid. See Perchloric.
Oxychloride	A ternary compound of oxygen and chlorine; as, plumbic oxychloride.
Oxycrate	A Mixture of water and vinegar.
Oxycymene	Hydroxy cymene. Same as Carvacrol.
Oxygen	A colorless, tasteless, odorless, gaseous element occurring in the free state in the atmosphere, of which it forms about 23 per cent by weight and about 21 per cent by volume, being slightly heavier than nitrogen. Symbol O. Atomic weight 15.96.
Oxygen	Chlorine used in bleaching.
Oxygenated	of Oxygenate
Oxygenating	of Oxygenate
Oxygenate	To unite, or cause to combine, with oxygen; to treat with oxygen; to oxidize; as, oxygenated water (hydrogen dioxide).
Oxygenation	The act or process of combining or of treating with oxygen; oxidation.
Oxygenator	An oxidizer.
Oxygenic	Pertaining to, containing, or resembling, oxygen; producing oxygen.
Oxygenium	The technical name of oxygen.
Oxygenizable	Oxidizable.
Oxygenized	of Oxygenize
Oxygenizing	of Oxygenize
Oxygenize	To oxidize.
Oxygenizement	Oxidation.
Oxygenous	Oxygenic.
Oxygon	A triangle having three acute angles.
Oxygonal	Alt. of Oxygonial
Oxygonial	Having acute angles.
OxYhaemacyanin	Alt. of Oxyhaemocyanin
Oxyhaemocyanin	See Haemacyanin.
Oxyhaemoglobin	Alt. of Oxyhemoglobin
Oxyhemoglobin	See Hemoglobin.
Oxyhydrogen	Of or pertaining to a mixture of oxygen and hydrogen; as, oxyhydrogen gas.
Oxymel	A mixture of honey, water, vinegar, and spice, boiled to a sirup.
Oxymethylene	Formic aldehyde, regarded as a methylene derivative.
Oxymoron	A figure in which an epithet of a contrary signification is added to a word; e. g., cruel kindness; laborious idleness.
Oxymuriate	A salt of the supposed oxymuriatic acid; a chloride.
Oxymuriatic	Pertaining to, or consisting of, oxygen and muriatic acid, that is, hydrochloric acid.
Oxyneurine	See Betaine.
Oxyntic	Acid; producing acid; -applied especially to certain glands and cells in the stomach.
Oxyopia	Alt. of Oxyopy
Oxyopy	Excessive acuteness of sight.
Oxyphenic	Pertaining to, or designating, the phenol formerly called oxyphenic acid, and now oxyphenol and pyrocatechin. See Pyrocatechin.
Oxyphenol	A phenol, /////, produced by the distillation of catechin; called also oxyphenic acid, and now pyrocatechin.
Oxyphony	Acuteness or shrillness of voice.
Oxyquinoline	Hydroxy quinoline; a phenol derivative of quinoline, -- called also carbostyril.
Oxyrhyncha	The maioid crabs.
Oxyrrhodine	A mixture of two parts of the oil of roses with one of the vinegar of roses.
Oxysalt	A salt of an oxyacid, as a sulphate.
Oxysulphide	A ternary compound of oxygen and sulphur.
Oxysulphuret	An oxysulphide.
Oxytocic	Promoting uterine contractions, or parturition.
Oxytocic	An oxytocic medicine or agent.
Oxytoluene	One of three hydroxy derivatives of toluene, called the cresols. See Cresol.
Oxytone	Having an acute sound; (Gr. Gram.), having an acute accent on the last syllable.
Oxytone	An acute sound.
Oxytone	A word having the acute accent on the last syllable.
Oxytonical	Oxytone.
Oyer	A hearing or an inspection, as of a deed, bond, etc., as when a defendant in court prays oyer of a writing.
Oyez	Hear; attend; -- a term used by criers of courts to secure silence before making a proclamation. It is repeated three times.
Oylet	See Eyelet.
Oylet	Same as Oillet.
Oynoun	Onion.
Oyster	Any marine bivalve mollusk of the genus Ostrea. They are usually found adhering to rocks or other fixed objects in shallow water along the seacoasts, or in brackish water in the mouth of rivers. The common European oyster (Ostrea edulis), and the American oyster (Ostrea Virginiana), are the most important species.
Oyster	A name popularly given to the delicate morsel contained in a small cavity of the bone on each side of the lower part of the back of a fowl.
Oyster-green	A green membranous seaweed (Ulva) often found growing on oysters but common on stones, piles, etc.
Oystering	Gathering, or dredging for, oysters.
Oysterling	A young oyster.
Ozena	A discharge of fetid matter from the nostril, particularly if associated with ulceration of the soft parts and disease of the bones of the nose.
Ozocerite	A waxlike mineral resin; -- sometimes called native paraffin, and mineral wax.
Ozonation	The act of treating with ozone; also, the act of converting into, or producing, ozone; ozonization.
Ozone	A colorless gaseous substance (O/) obtained (as by the silent discharge of electricity in oxygen) as an allotropic form of oxygen, containing three atoms in the molecule. It is a streng oxidizer, and probably exists in the air, though by he ordinary tests it is liable to be confused with certain other substances, as hydrogen dioxide, or certain oxides of nitrogen. It derives its name from its peculiar odor, which resembles that of weak chlorine.
Ozonic	Pertaining to, resembling, or containing, ozone.
Ozonification	The act or process of producing, or of subjecting to the action of, ozone.
Ozonization	Ozonation.
Ozonized	of Ozonize
Ozonizing	of Ozonize
Ozonize	To convert into ozone, as oxygen.
Ozonize	To treat with ozone.
Ozonizer	An apparatus or agent for the production or application of ozone.
Ozonometer	An instrument for ascertaining the amount of ozone in the atmosphere, or in any gaseous mixture.
Ozonometric	Pertaining to, or used for, the determination of the amount of ozone; of or relating to ozonometry.
Ozonometry	The measurement or determination of the quantity of ozone.
Ozonoscope	An apparatus employed to indicate the presence, or the amount, of ozone.
Ozonoscopic	Serving to indicate the presence or the amount of ozone.
Ozonous	Pertaining to or containing, ozone.
