W	the twenty-third letter of the English alphabet, is usually a consonant, but sometimes it is a vowel, forming the second element of certain diphthongs, as in few, how. It takes its written form and its name from the repetition of a V, this being the original form of the Roman capital letter which we call U. Etymologically it is most related to v and u.  See V, and U. Some of the uneducated classes in England, especially in London, confuse w and v, substituting the one for the other, as weal for veal, and veal for weal; wine for vine, and vine for wine, etc.  See Guide to Pronunciation, // 266-268.
Waag	The grivet.
Waahoo	The burning bush; -- said to be called after a quack medicine made from it.
Wabble	To move staggeringly or unsteadily from one side to the other; to vacillate; to move the manner of a rotating disk when the axis of rotation is inclined to that of the disk; -- said of a turning or whirling body; as, a top wabbles; a buzz saw wabbles.
Wabble	A hobbling, unequal motion, as of a wheel unevenly hung; a staggering to and fro.
Wabbly	Inclined to wabble; wabbling.
Wacke	Alt. of Wacky
Wacky	A soft, earthy, dark-colored rock or clay derived from the alteration of basalt.
Wad	Woad.
Wad	A little mass, tuft, or bundle, as of hay or tow.
Wad	Specifically: A little mass of some soft or flexible material, such as hay, straw, tow, paper, or old rope yarn, used for retaining a charge of powder in a gun, or for keeping the powder and shot close; also, to diminish or avoid the effects of windage. Also, by extension, a dusk of felt, pasteboard, etc., serving a similar purpose.
Wad	A soft mass, especially of some loose, fibrous substance, used for various purposes, as for stopping an aperture, padding a garment, etc.
Waded	of Wad
Wadding	of Wad
Wad	To form into a mass, or wad, or into wadding; as, to wad tow or cotton.
Wad	To insert or crowd a wad into; as, to wad a gun; also, to stuff or line with some soft substance, or wadding, like cotton; as, to wad a cloak.
Wad	Alt. of Wadd
Wadd	An earthy oxide of manganese, or mixture of different oxides and water, with some oxide of iron, and often silica, alumina, lime, or baryta; black ocher. There are several varieties.
Wadd	Plumbago, or black lead.
Wadding	A wad, or the materials for wads; any pliable substance of which wads may be made.
Wadding	Any soft stuff of loose texture, used for stuffing or padding garments; esp., sheets of carded cotton prepared for the purpose.
Waddled	of Waddle
Waddling	of Waddle
Waddle	To walk with short steps, swaying the body from one side to the other, like a duck or very fat person; to move clumsily and totteringly along; to toddle; to stumble; as, a child waddles when he begins to walk; a goose waddles.
Waddle	To trample or tread down, as high grass, by walking through it.
Waddler	One who, or that which, waddles.
Waddlingly	In a waddling manner.
Wade	Woad.
Waded	of Wade
Wading	of Wade
Wade	To go; to move forward.
Wade	To walk in a substance that yields to the feet; to move, sinking at each step, as in water, mud, sand, etc.
Wade	Hence, to move with difficulty or labor; to proceed /lowly among objects or circumstances that constantly /inder or embarrass; as, to wade through a dull book.
Wade	To pass or cross by wading; as, he waded /he rivers and swamps.
Wade	The act of wading.
Wader	One who, or that which, wades.
Wader	Any long-legged bird that wades in the water in search of food, especially any species of limicoline or grallatorial birds; -- called also wading bird.  See Illust. g, under Aves.
Wading	a. & n. from Wade, v.
Wadmol	A coarse, hairy, woolen cloth, formerly used for garments by the poor, and for various other purposes.
Wadset	A kind of pledge or mortgage.
Wadsetter	One who holds by a wadset.
Wadies	of Wady
Wady	A ravine through which a brook flows; the channel of a water course, which is dry except in the rainy season.
Wae	A wave.
Waeg	The kittiwake.
Wafer	A thin cake made of flour and other ingredients.
Wafer	A thin cake or piece of bread (commonly unleavened, circular, and stamped with a crucifix or with the sacred monogram) used in the Eucharist, as in the Roman Catholic Church.
Wafer	An adhesive disk of dried paste, made of flour, gelatin, isinglass, or the like, and coloring matter, -- used in sealing letters and other documents.
Wafered	of Wafer
Wafering	of Wafer
Wafer	To seal or close with a wafer.
Waferer	A dealer in the cakes called wafers; a confectioner.
Waffle	A thin cake baked and then rolled; a wafer.
Waffle	A soft indented cake cooked in a waffle iron.
Wafted	of Waft
Wafting	of Waft
Waft	To give notice to by waving something; to wave the hand to; to beckon.
Waft	To cause to move or go in a wavy manner, or by the impulse of waves, as of water or air; to bear along on a buoyant medium; as, a balloon was wafted over the channel.
Waft	To cause to float; to keep from sinking; to buoy.
Waft	To be moved, or to pass, on a buoyant medium; to float.
Waft	A wave or current of wind.
Waft	A signal made by waving something, as a flag, in the air.
Waft	An unpleasant flavor.
Waft	A knot, or stop, in the middle of a flag.
Waftage	Conveyance on a buoyant medium, as air or water.
Wafter	One who, or that which, wafts.
Wafter	A boat for passage.
Wafture	The act of waving; a wavelike motion; a waft.
Wagged	of Wag
Wagging	of Wag
Wag	To move one way and the other with quick turns; to shake to and fro; to move vibratingly; to cause to vibrate, as a part of the body; as, to wag the head.
Wag	To move one way and the other; to be shaken to and fro; to vibrate.
Wag	To be in action or motion; to move; to get along; to progress; to stir.
Wag	To go; to depart; to pack oft.
Wag	The act of wagging; a shake; as, a wag of the head.
Wag	A man full of sport and humor; a ludicrous fellow; a humorist; a wit; a joker.
Wagati	A small East Indian wild cat (Felis wagati), regarded by some as a variety of the leopard cat.
Waged	of Wage
Waging	of Wage
Wage	To pledge; to hazard on the event of a contest; to stake; to bet, to lay; to wager; as, to wage a dollar.
Wage	To expose one's self to, as a risk; to incur, as a danger; to venture; to hazard.
Wage	To engage in, as a contest, as if by previous gage or pledge; to carry on, as a war.
Wage	To adventure, or lay out, for hire or reward; to hire out.
Wage	To put upon wages; to hire; to employ; to pay wages to.
Wage	To give security for the performance of.
Wage	To bind one's self; to engage.
Wage	That which is staked or ventured; that for which one incurs risk or danger; prize; gage.
Wage	That for which one labors; meed; reward; stipulated payment for service performed; hire; pay; compensation; -- at present generally used in the plural.  See Wages.
Wagel	See Waggel.
Wagenboom	A south African proteaceous tree (Protea grandiflora); also, its tough wood, used for making wagon wheels.
Wager	Something deposited, laid, or hazarded on the event of a contest or an unsettled question; a bet; a stake; a pledge.
Wager	A contract by which two parties or more agree that a certain sum of money, or other thing, shall be paid or delivered to one of them, on the happening or not happening of an uncertain event.
Wager	That on which bets are laid; the subject of a bet.
Wagered	of Wager
Wagering	of Wager
Wager	To hazard on the issue of a contest, or on some question that is to be decided, or on some casualty; to lay; to stake; to bet.
Wager	To make a bet; to lay a wager.
Wagerer	One who wagers, or lays a bet.
Wagering	Hazarding; pertaining to the act of one who wagers.
Wages	A compensation given to a hired person for services; price paid for labor; recompense; hire.  See Wage, n., 2.
Waggel	The young of the great black-backed gull (Larus marinus), formerly considered a distinct species.
Waggeries	of Waggery
Waggery	The manner or action of a wag; mischievous merriment; sportive trick or gayety; good-humored sarcasm; pleasantry; jocularity; as, the waggery of a schoolboy.
Waggie	The pied wagtail.
Waggish	Like a wag; mischievous in sport; roguish in merriment or good humor; frolicsome.
Waggish	Done, made, or laid in waggery or for sport; sportive; humorous; as, a waggish trick.
Waggle	To reel, sway, or move from side to side; to move with a wagging motion; to waddle.
Waggled	of Waggle
Waggling	of Waggle
Waggle	To move frequently one way and the other; to wag; as, a bird waggles his tail.
Wag-halter	One who moves or wears a halter; one likely to be hanged.
Wagnerite	A fluophosphate of magnesia, occurring in yellowish crystals, and also in massive forms.
Wagon	A wheeled carriage; a vehicle on four wheels, and usually drawn by horses; especially, one used for carrying freight or merchandise.
Wagon	A freight car on a railway.
Wagon	A chariot
Wagon	The Dipper, or Charles's Wain.
Wagoned	of Wagon
Wagoning	of Wagon
Wagon	To transport in a wagon or wagons; as, goods are wagoned from city to city.
Wagon	To wagon goods as a business; as, the man wagons between Philadelphia and its suburbs.
Wagonage	Money paid for carriage or conveyance in wagon.
Wagonage	A collection of wagons; wagons, collectively.
Wagoner	One who conducts a wagon; one whose business it is to drive a wagon.
Wagoner	The constellation Charles's Wain, or Ursa Major.  See Ursa major, under Ursa.
Wagonette	A kind of pleasure wagon, uncovered and with seats extended along the sides, designed to carry six or eight persons besides the driver.
Wagonfuls	of Wagonful
Wagonful	As much as a wagon will hold; enough to fill a wagon; a wagonload.
Wagon-headed	Having a top, or head, shaped like the top of a covered wagon, or resembling in section or outline an inverted U, thus /; as, a wagonheaded ceiling.
Wagonload	Same as Wagonful.
Wagon-roofed	Having a roof, or top, shaped like an inverted U; wagon-headed.
Wagonry	Conveyance by means of a wagon or wagons.
Wagonwright	One who makes wagons.
Wagtail	Any one of many species of Old World singing birds belonging to Motacilla and several allied genera of the family Motacillidae. They have the habit of constantly jerking their long tails up and down, whence the name.
Wah	The panda.
Wahabee	A follower of Abdel Wahab (b. 1691; d. 1787), a reformer of Mohammedanism. His doctrines prevail particularly among the Bedouins, and the sect, though checked in its influence, extends to most parts of Arabia, and also into India.
Waid	Oppressed with weight; crushed; weighed down.
Waif	Goods found of which the owner is not known; originally, such goods as a pursued thief threw away to prevent being apprehended, which belonged to the king unless the owner made pursuit of the felon, took him, and brought him to justice.
Waif	Hence, anything found, or without an owner; that which comes along, as it were, by chance.
Waif	A wanderer; a castaway; a stray; a homeless child.
Waift	A waif.
Wail	To choose; to select.
Wailed	of Wail
Wailing	of Wail
Wail	To lament; to bewail; to grieve over; as, to wail one's death.
Wail	To express sorrow audibly; to make mournful outcry; to weep.
Wail	Loud weeping; violent lamentation; wailing.
Wailer	One who wails or laments.
Waileress	A woman who wails.
Wailful	Sorrowful; mournful.
Wailingly	In a wailing manner.
Wailment	Lamentation; loud weeping; wailing.
Waiment	See Wayment.
Wain	A four-wheeled vehicle for the transportation of goods, produce, etc.; a wagon.
Wain	A chariot.
Wainable	Capable of being plowed or cultivated; arable; tillable.
Wainage	A finding of carriages, carts, etc., for the transportation of goods, produce, etc.
Wainage	See Gainage, a.
Wainbote	See Cartbote.  See also the Note under Bote.
Wainscot	Oaken timber or boarding.
Wainscot	A wooden lining or boarding of the walls of apartments, usually made in panels.
Wainscot	Any one of numerous species of European moths of the family Leucanidae.
Wainscoted	of Wainscot
Wainscoting	of Wainscot
Wainscot	To line with boards or panelwork, or as if with panelwork; as, to wainscot a hall.
Wainscoting	The act or occupation of covering or lining with boards in panel.
Wainscoting	The material used to wainscot a house, or the wainscot as a whole; panelwork.
Wainwright	Same as Wagonwright.
Wair	A piece of plank two yard/ long and a foot broad.
Waist	That part of the human body which is immediately below the ribs or thorax; the small part of the body between the thorax and hips.
Waist	Hence, the middle part of other bodies; especially (Naut.), that part of a vessel's deck, bulwarks, etc., which is between the quarter-deck and the forecastle; the middle part of the ship.
Waist	A garment, or part of a garment, which covers the body from the neck or shoulders to the waist line.
Waist	A girdle or belt for the waist.
Waistband	The band which encompasses the waist; esp., one on the upper part of breeches, trousers, pantaloons, skirts, or the like.
Waistband	A sash worn by women around the waist.
Waistcloth	A cloth or wrapper worn about the waist; by extension, such a garment worn about the hips and passing between the thighs.
Waistcloth	A covering of canvas or tarpaulin for the hammocks, stowed on the nettings, between the quarterdeck and the forecastle.
Waistcoat	A short, sleeveless coat or garment for men, worn under the coat, extending no lower than the hips, and covering the waist; a vest.
Waistcoat	A garment occasionally worn by women as a part of fashionable costume.
Waistcoateer	One wearing a waistcoat; esp., a woman wearing one uncovered, or thought fit for such a habit; hence, a loose woman; strumpet.
Waistcoating	A fabric designed for waistcoats; esp., one in which there is a pattern, differently colored yarns being used.
Waister	A seaman, usually a green hand or a broken-down man, stationed in the waist of a vessel of war.
Waited	of Wait
Waiting	of Wait
Wait	To watch; to observe; to take notice.
Wait	To stay or rest in expectation; to stop or remain stationary till the arrival of some person or event; to rest in patience; to stay; not to depart.
Wait	To stay for; to rest or remain stationary in expectation of; to await; as, to wait orders.
Wait	To attend as a consequence; to follow upon; to accompany; to await.
Wait	To attend on; to accompany; especially, to attend with ceremony or respect.
Wait	To cause to wait; to defer; to postpone; -- said of a meal; as, to wait dinner.
Wait	The act of waiting; a delay; a halt.
Wait	Ambush.
Wait	One who watches; a watchman.
Wait	Hautboys, or oboes, played by town musicians; not used in the singular.
Wait	Musicians who sing or play at night or in the early morning, especially at Christmas time; serenaders; musical watchmen.
Waiter	One who, or that which, waits; an attendant; a servant in attendance, esp. at table.
Waiter	A vessel or tray on which something is carried, as dishes, etc.; a salver.
Waiting	a. & n. from Wait, v.
Waitingly	By waiting.
Waitress	A female waiter or attendant; a waiting maid or waiting woman.
Waive	A waif; a castaway.
Waive	A woman put out of the protection of the law.  See Waive, v. t., 3 (b), and the Note.
Waived	of Waive
Waiving	of Waive
Waive	To relinquish; to give up claim to; not to insist on or claim; to refuse; to forego.
Waive	To throw away; to cast off; to reject; to desert.
Waive	To throw away; to relinquish voluntarily, as a right which one may enforce if he chooses.
Waive	To desert; to abandon.
Waive	To turn aside; to recede.
Waiver	The act of waiving, or not insisting on, some right, claim, or privilege.
Waivure	See Waiver.
Waiwode	See Waywode.
Wake	The track left by a vessel in the water; by extension, any track; as, the wake of an army.
Waked	of Wake
Woke	of Wake
Waking	of Wake
Wake	To be or to continue awake; to watch; not to sleep.
Wake	To sit up late festive purposes; to hold a night revel.
Wake	To be excited or roused from sleep; to awake; to be awakened; to cease to sleep; -- often with up.
Wake	To be exited or roused up; to be stirred up from a dormant, torpid, or inactive state; to be active.
Wake	To rouse from sleep; to awake.
Wake	To put in motion or action; to arouse; to excite.
Wake	To bring to life again, as if from the sleep of death; to reanimate; to revive.
Wake	To watch, or sit up with, at night, as a dead body.
Wake	The act of waking, or being awaked; also, the state of being awake.
Wake	The state of forbearing sleep, especially for solemn or festive purposes; a vigil.
Wake	An annual parish festival formerly held in commemoration of the dedication of a church. Originally, prayers were said on the evening preceding, and hymns were sung during the night, in the church; subsequently, these vigils were discontinued, and the day itself, often with succeeding days, was occupied in rural pastimes and exercises, attended by eating and drinking, often to excess.
Wake	The sitting up of persons with a dead body, often attended with a degree of festivity, chiefly among the Irish.
Wakeful	Not sleeping; indisposed to sleep; watchful; vigilant.
Wakened	of Waken
Wakening	of Waken
Waken	To wake; to cease to sleep; to be awakened.
Waken	To excite or rouse from sleep; to wake; to awake; to awaken.
Waken	To excite; to rouse; to move to action; to awaken.
Wakener	One who wakens.
Wakening	The act of one who wakens; esp., the act of ceasing to sleep; an awakening.
Wakening	The revival of an action.
Waker	One who wakes.
Wake-robin	Any plant of the genus Arum, especially, in England, the cuckoopint (Arum maculatum).
Waketime	Time during which one is awake.
Waking	The act of waking, or the state or period of being awake.
Waking	A watch; a watching.
Walaway	See Welaway.
Wald	A forest; -- used as a termination of names.  See Weald.
Waldenses	A sect of dissenters from the ecclesiastical system of the Roman Catholic Church, who in the 13th century were driven by persecution to the valleys of Piedmont, where the sect survives. They profess substantially Protestant principles.
Waldensian	Of or pertaining to the Waldenses.
Waldensian	One Holding the Waldensian doctrines.
Waldgrave	In the old German empire, the head forest keeper.
Waldheimia	A genus of brachiopods of which many species are found in the fossil state. A few still exist in the deep sea.
Wale	A streak or mark made on the skin by a rod or whip; a stripe; a wheal.  See Wheal.
Wale	A ridge or streak rising above the surface, as of cloth; hence, the texture of cloth.
Wale	A timber bolted to a row of piles to secure them together and in position.
Wale	Certain sets or strakes of the outside planking of a vessel; as, the main wales, or the strakes of planking under the port sills of the gun deck; channel wales, or those along the spar deck, etc.
Wale	A wale knot, or wall knot.
Wale	To mark with wales, or stripes.
Wale	To choose; to select; specifically (Mining), to pick out the refuse of (coal) by hand, in order to clean it.
Walhalla	See Valhalla.
Waling	Same as Wale, n., 4.
Walked	of Walk
Walking	of Walk
Walk	To move along on foot; to advance by steps; to go on at a moderate pace; specifically, of two-legged creatures, to proceed at a slower or faster rate, but without running, or lifting one foot entirely before the other touches the ground.
Walk	To move or go on the feet for exercise or amusement; to take one's exercise; to ramble.
Walk	To be stirring; to be abroad; to go restlessly about; -- said of things or persons expected to remain quiet, as a sleeping person, or the spirit of a dead person; to go about as a somnambulist or a specter.
Walk	To be in motion; to act; to move; to wag.
Walk	To behave; to pursue a course of life; to conduct one's self.
Walk	To move off; to depart.
Walk	To pass through, over, or upon; to traverse; to perambulate; as, to walk the streets.
Walk	To cause to walk; to lead, drive, or ride with a slow pace; as to walk one's horses.
Walk	To subject, as cloth or yarn, to the fulling process; to full.
Walk	The act of walking, or moving on the feet with a slow pace; advance without running or leaping.
Walk	The act of walking for recreation or exercise; as, a morning walk; an evening walk.
Walk	Manner of walking; gait; step; as, we often know a person at a distance by his walk.
Walk	That in or through which one walks; place or distance walked over; a place for walking; a path or avenue prepared for foot passengers, or for taking air and exercise; way; road; hence, a place or region in which animals may graze; place of wandering; range; as, a sheep walk.
Walk	A frequented track; habitual place of action; sphere; as, the walk of the historian.
Walk	Conduct; course of action; behavior.
Walk	The route or district regularly served by a vender; as, a milkman's walk.
Walkable	Fit to be walked on; capable of being walked on or over.
Walker	One who walks; a pedestrian.
Walker	That with which one walks; a foot.
Walker	A forest officer appointed to walk over a certain space for inspection; a forester.
Walker	A fuller of cloth.
Walker	Any ambulatorial orthopterous insect, as a stick insect.
Walking	a. & n. from Walk, v.
Walk-mill	A fulling mill.
Walk-over	In racing, the going over a course by a horse which has no competitor for the prize; hence, colloquially, a one-sided contest; an uncontested, or an easy, victory.
Walkyr	See Valkyria.
Wall	A kind of knot often used at the end of a rope; a wall knot; a wale.
Wall	A work or structure of stone, brick, or other materials, raised to some height, and intended for defense or security, solid and permanent inclosing fence, as around a field, a park, a town, etc., also, one of the upright inclosing parts of a building or a room.
Wall	A defense; a rampart; a means of protection; in the plural, fortifications, in general; works for defense.
Wall	An inclosing part of a receptacle or vessel; as, the walls of a steam-engine cylinder.
Wall	The side of a level or drift.
Wall	The country rock bounding a vein laterally.
Walled	of Wall
Walling	of Wall
Wall	To inclose with a wall, or as with a wall.
Wall	To defend by walls, or as if by walls; to fortify.
Wall	To close or fill with a wall, as a doorway.
Wallaba	A leguminous tree (Eperua falcata) of Demerara, with pinnate leaves and clusters of red flowers. The reddish brown wood is used for palings and shingles.
Wallabies	of Wallaby
Wallaby	Any one of numerous species of kangaroos belonging to the genus Halmaturus, native of Australia and Tasmania, especially the smaller species, as the brush kangaroo (H. Bennettii) and the pademelon (H. thetidis). The wallabies chiefly inhabit the wooded district and bushy plains.
Wallah	A black variety of the jaguar; -- called also tapir tiger.
Wallaroo	Any one of several species of kangaroos of the genus Macropus, especially M. robustus, sometimes called the great wallaroo.
Wallbird	The spotted flycatcher.
Waller	One who builds walls.
Waller	The wels.
Wallerian degeneration	A form of degeneration occurring in nerve fibers as a result of their division; -- so called from Dr. Waller, who published an account of it in 1850.
Wallet	A bag or sack for carrying about the person, as a bag for carrying the necessaries for a journey; a knapsack; a beggar's receptacle for charity; a peddler's pack.
Wallet	A pocketbook for keeping money about the person.
Wallet	Anything protuberant and swagging.
Walleteer	One who carries a wallet; a foot traveler; a tramping beggar.
Wall-eye	An eye in which the iris is of a very light gray or whitish color; -- said usually of horses.
Wall-eye	An American fresh-water food fish (Stizostedion vitreum) having large and prominent eyes; -- called also glasseye, pike perch, yellow pike, and wall-eyed perch.
Wall-eye	A California surf fish (Holconotus argenteus).
Wall-eye	The alewife; -- called also wall-eyed herring.
Wall-eyed	Having an eye of a very light gray or whitish color.
Wallflower	A perennial, cruciferous plant (Cheiranthus Cheiri), with sweet-scented flowers varying in color from yellow to orange and deep red. In Europe it very common on old walls.
Wallflower	A lady at a ball, who, either from choice, or because not asked to dance, remains a spectator.
Wallhick	The lesser spotted woodpecker (Dryobates minor).
Walling	The act of making a wall or walls.
Walling	Walls, in general; material for walls.
Walloons	A Romanic people inhabiting that part of Belgium which comprises the provinces of Hainaut, Namur, Liege, and Luxembourg, and about one third of Brabant; also, the language spoken by this people. Used also adjectively.
Wallop	To move quickly, but with great effort; to gallop.
Wallop	A quick, rolling movement; a gallop.
Walloped	of Wallop
Walloping	of Wallop
Wallop	To boil with a continued bubbling or heaving and rolling, with noise.
Wallop	To move in a rolling, cumbersome manner; to waddle.
Wallop	To be slatternly.
Wallop	To beat soundly; to flog; to whip.
Wallop	To wrap up temporarily.
Wallop	To throw or tumble over.
Wallop	A thick piece of fat.
Wallop	A blow.
Wallowed	of Wallow
Wallowing	of Wallow
Wallow	To roll one's self about, as in mire; to tumble and roll about; to move lazily or heavily in any medium; to flounder; as, swine wallow in the mire.
Wallow	To live in filth or gross vice; to disport one's self in a beastly and unworthy manner.
Wallow	To wither; to fade.
Wallow	To roll; esp., to roll in anything defiling or unclean.
Wallow	A kind of rolling walk.
Wallower	One who, or that which, wallows.
Wallower	A lantern wheel; a trundle.
Wallowish	Flat; insipid.
Wall-plat	The spotted flycatcher. It builds its nest on walls.
Wall-sided	Having sides nearly perpendicular; -- said of certain vessels to distinguish them from those having flaring sides, or sides tumbling home (see under Tumble, v. i.).
Wallwort	The dwarf elder, or danewort (Sambucus Ebulus).
Walm	To roll; to spout; to boil up.
Walnut	The fruit or nut of any tree of the genus Juglans; also, the tree, and its timber. The seven or eight known species are all natives of the north temperate zone.
Walrus	A very large marine mammal (Trichecus rosmarus) of the Seal family, native of the Arctic Ocean. The male has long and powerful tusks descending from the upper jaw. It uses these in procuring food and in fighting.  It is hunted for its oil, ivory, and skin. It feeds largely on mollusks. Called also morse.
Walter	To roll or wallow; to welter.
Waltron	A walrus.
Walty	Liable to roll over; crank; as, a walty ship.
Waltz	A dance performed by two persons in circular figures with a whirling motion; also, a piece of music composed in triple measure for this kind of dance.
Waltzed	of Waltz
Waltzing	of Waltz
Waltz	To dance a waltz.
Waltzer	A person who waltzes.
Walwe	To wallow.
Waly	An exclamation of grief.
Wamble	To heave; to be disturbed by nausea; -- said of the stomach.
Wamble	To move irregularly to and fro; to roll.
Wamble	Disturbance of the stomach; a feeling of nausea.
Wamble-cropped	Sick at the stomach; also, crestfallen; dejected.
Wammel	To move irregularly or awkwardly; to wamble, or wabble.
Wamp	The common American eider.
Wampee	A tree (Cookia punctata) of the Orange family, growing in China and the East Indies; also, its fruit, which is about the size of a large grape, and has a hard rind and a peculiar flavor.
Wampee	The pickerel weed.
Wampum	Beads made of shells, used by the North American Indians as money, and also wrought into belts, etc., as an ornament.
Wan	Won.
Wan	Having a pale or sickly hue; languid of look; pale; pallid.
Wan	The quality of being wan; wanness.
Wan	To grow wan; to become pale or sickly in looks.
Wand	A small stick; a rod; a verge.
Wand	A staff of authority.
Wand	A rod used by conjurers, diviners, magicians, etc.
Wandered	of Wander
Wandering	of Wander
Wander	To ramble here and there without any certain course or with no definite object in view; to range about; to stroll; to rove; as, to wander over the fields.
Wander	To go away; to depart; to stray off; to deviate; to go astray; as, a writer wanders from his subject.
Wander	To be delirious; not to be under the guidance of reason; to rave; as, the mind wanders.
Wander	To travel over without a certain course; to traverse; to stroll through.
Wanderer	One who wanders; a rambler; one who roves; hence, one who deviates from duty.
Wandering	a. & n. from Wander, v.
Wanderingly	In a wandering manner.
Wanderment	The act of wandering, or roaming.
Wanderoo	A large monkey (Macacus silenus) native of Malabar. It is black, or nearly so, but has a long white or gray beard encircling the face. Called also maha, silenus, neelbhunder, lion-tailed baboon, and great wanderoo.
Wandy	Long and flexible, like a wand.
Waned	of Wane
Waning	of Wane
Wane	To be diminished; to decrease; -- contrasted with wax, and especially applied to the illuminated part of the moon.
Wane	To decline; to fail; to sink.
Wane	To cause to decrease.
Wane	The decrease of the illuminated part of the moon to the eye of a spectator.
Wane	Decline; failure; diminution; decrease; declension.
Wane	An inequality in a board.
Waney	A sharp or uneven edge on a board that is cut from a log not perfectly squared, or that is made in the process of squaring.  See Wany, a.
Wang	The jaw, jawbone, or cheek bone.
Wang	A slap; a blow.
Wang	See Whang.
Wangan	A boat for conveying provisions, tools, etc.; -- so called by Maine lumbermen.
Wanger	A pillow for the cheek; a pillow.
Wanghee	The Chinese name of one or two species of bamboo, or jointed cane, of the genus Phyllostachys. The slender stems are much used for walking sticks.
Wango	A boomerang.
Wanhope	Want of hope; despair; also, faint or delusive hope; delusion. [Obs.] Piers Plowman.
Wanhorn	An East Indian plant (Kaempferia Galanga) of the Ginger family.  See Galanga.
Waniand	The wane of the moon.
Waning	The act or process of waning, or decreasing.
Wanion	A word of uncertain signification, used only in the phrase with a wanion, apparently equivalent to with a vengeance, with a plague, or with misfortune.
Wankle	Not to be depended on; weak; unstable.
Wanly	In a wan, or pale, manner.
Wanned	Made wan, or pale.
Wanness	The quality or state of being wan; a sallow, dead, pale color; paleness; pallor; as, the wanness of the cheeks after a fever.
Wannish	Somewhat wan; of a pale hue.
Want	The state of not having; the condition of being without anything; absence or scarcity of what is needed or desired; deficiency; lack; as, a want of power or knowledge for any purpose; want of food and clothing.
Want	Specifically, absence or lack of necessaries; destitution; poverty; penury; indigence; need.
Want	That which is needed or desired; a thing of which the loss is felt; what is not possessed, and is necessary for use or pleasure.
Want	A depression in coal strata, hollowed out before the subsequent deposition took place.
Wanted	of Want
Wanting	of Want
Want	To be without; to be destitute of, or deficient in; not to have; to lack; as, to want knowledge; to want judgment; to want learning; to want food and clothing.
Want	To have occasion for, as useful, proper, or requisite; to require; to need; as, in winter we want a fire; in summer we want cooling breezes.
Want	To feel need of; to wish or long for; to desire; to crave.
Want	To be absent; to be deficient or lacking; to fail; not to be sufficient; to fall or come short; to lack; -- often used impersonally with of; as, it wants ten minutes of four.
Want	To be in a state of destitution; to be needy; to lack.
Wa'n't	A colloquial contraction of was not.
Wantage	That which is wanting; deficiency.
Wanting	Absent; lacking; missing; also, deficient; destitute; needy; as, one of the twelve is wanting; I shall not be wanting in exertion.
Wantless	Having no want; abundant; fruitful.
Wanton	Untrained; undisciplined; unrestrained; hence, loose; free; luxuriant; roving; sportive.
Wanton	Wandering from moral rectitude; perverse; dissolute.
Wanton	Specifically: Deviating from the rules of chastity; lewd; lustful; lascivious; libidinous; lecherous.
Wanton	Reckless; heedless; as, wanton mischief.
Wanton	A roving, frolicsome thing; a trifler; -- used rarely as a term of endearment.
Wanton	One brought up without restraint; a pampered pet.
Wanton	A lewd person; a lascivious man or woman.
Wantoned	of Wanton
Wantoning	of Wanton
Wanton	To rove and ramble without restraint, rule, or limit; to revel; to play loosely; to frolic.
Wanton	To sport in lewdness; to play the wanton; to play lasciviously.
Wanton	To cause to become wanton; also, to waste in wantonness.
Wantonize	To behave wantonly; to frolic; to wanton.
Wantonly	In a wanton manner; without regularity or restraint; loosely; sportively; gayly; playfully; recklessly; lasciviously.
Wantonly	Unintentionally; accidentally.
Wantonness	The quality or state of being wanton; negligence of restraint; sportiveness; recklessness; lasciviousness.
Wantrust	Failing or diminishing trust; want of trust or confidence; distrust.
Wantwit	One destitute of wit or sense; a blockhead; a fool.
Wanty	A surcingle, or strap of leather, used for binding a load upon the back of a beast; also, a leather tie; a short wagon rope.
Wany	To wane.
Wany	Waning or diminished in some parts; not of uniform size throughout; -- said especially of sawed boards or timber when tapering or uneven, from being cut too near the outside of the log.
Wany	Spoiled by wet; -- said of timber.
Wanze	To wane; to wither.
Wap	To beat; to whap.
Wap	A blow or beating; a whap.
Wapacut	The American hawk owl.  See under Hawk.
Wapatoo	The edible tuber of a species of arrowhead (Sagittaria variabilis); -- so called by the Indians of Oregon.
Waped	Cast down; crushed by misery; dejected.
Wapentake	In some northern counties of England, a division, or district, answering to the hundred in other counties. Yorkshire, Lincolnshire, and Nottinghamshire are divided into wapentakes, instead of hundreds.
Wapinschaw	An exhibition of arms. according to the rank of the individual, by all persons bearing arms; -- formerly made at certain seasons in each district.
Wapiti	The American elk (Cervus Canadensis). It is closely related to the European red deer, which it somewhat exceeds in size.
Wapp	A fair-leader.
Wapp	A rope with wall knots in it with which the shrouds are set taut.
Wappato	See Wapatoo.
Wappened	A word of doubtful meaning used once by Shakespeare.
Wapper	To cause to shake; to tremble; to move tremulously, as from weakness; to totter.
Wapper	A gudgeon.
Wappet	A small yelping cur.
Wapping	Yelping.
War	Ware; aware.
War	A contest between nations or states, carried on by force, whether for defence, for revenging insults and redressing wrongs, for the extension of commerce, for the acquisition of territory, for obtaining and establishing the superiority and dominion of one over the other, or for any other purpose; armed conflict of sovereign powers; declared and open hostilities.
War	A condition of belligerency to be maintained by physical force. In this sense, levying war against the sovereign authority is treason.
War	Instruments of war.
War	Forces; army.
War	The profession of arms; the art of war.
War	a state of opposition or contest; an act of opposition; an inimical contest, act, or action; enmity; hostility.
Warred	of War
Warring	of War
War	To make war; to invade or attack a state or nation with force of arms; to carry on hostilities; to be in a state by violence.
War	To contend; to strive violently; to fight.
War	To make war upon; to fight.
War	To carry on, as a contest; to wage.
War-beaten	Warworn.
Warble	A small, hard tumor which is produced on the back of a horse by the heat or pressure of the saddle in traveling.
Warble	A small tumor produced by the larvae of the gadfly in the backs of horses, cattle, etc. Called also warblet, warbeetle, warnles.
Warble	See Wormil.
Warbled	of Warble
Warbling	of Warble
Warble	To sing in a trilling, quavering, or vibratory manner; to modulate with turns or variations; to trill; as, certain birds are remarkable for warbling their songs.
Warble	To utter musically; to modulate; to carol.
Warble	To cause to quaver or vibrate.
Warble	To be quavered or modulated; to be uttered melodiously.
Warble	To sing in a trilling manner, or with many turns and variations.
Warble	To sing with sudden changes from chest to head tones; to yodel.
Warble	A quavering modulation of the voice; a musical trill; a song.
Warbler	One who, or that which, warbles; a singer; a songster; -- applied chiefly to birds.
Warbler	Any one of numerous species of small Old World singing birds belonging to the family Sylviidae, many of which are noted songsters. The bluethroat, blackcap, reed warbler (see under Reed), and sedge warbler (see under Sedge) are well-known species.
Warbler	Any one of numerous species of small, often bright colored, American singing birds of the family or subfamily Mniotiltidae, or Sylvicolinae. They are allied to the Old World warblers, but most of them are not particularly musical.
Warblingly	In a warbling manner.
Warburg's tincture	A preparation containing quinine and many other ingredients, often used in the treatment of malarial affections. It was invented by Dr. Warburg of London.
-ward	Alt. of -wards
-wards	Suffixes denoting course or direction to; motion or tendency toward; as in backward, or backwards; toward, or towards, etc.
Ward	The act of guarding; watch; guard; guardianship; specifically, a guarding during the day.  See the Note under Watch, n., 1.
Ward	One who, or that which, guards; garrison; defender; protector; means of guarding; defense; protection.
Ward	The state of being under guard or guardianship; confinement under guard; the condition of a child under a guardian; custody.
Ward	A guarding or defensive motion or position, as in fencing; guard.
Ward	One who, or that which, is guarded.
Ward	A minor or person under the care of a guardian; as, a ward in chancery.
Ward	A division of a county.
Ward	A division, district, or quarter of a town or city.
Ward	A division of a forest.
Ward	A division of a hospital; as, a fever ward.
Ward	A projecting ridge of metal in the interior of a lock, to prevent the use of any key which has not a corresponding notch for passing it.
Ward	A notch or slit in a key corresponding to a ridge in the lock which it fits; a ward notch.
Warded	of Ward
Warding	of Ward
Ward	To keep in safety; to watch; to guard; formerly, in a specific sense, to guard during the day time.
Ward	To defend; to protect.
Ward	To defend by walls, fortifications, etc.
Ward	To fend off; to repel; to turn aside, as anything mischievous that approaches; -- usually followed by off.
Ward	To be vigilant; to keep guard.
Ward	To act on the defensive with a weapon.
Ward-corn	The duty of keeping watch and ward (see the Note under Watch, n., 1) with a horn to be blown upon any occasion of surprise.
Wardcorps	Guardian; one set to watch over another.
Warden	A keeper; a guardian; a watchman.
Warden	An officer who keeps or guards; a keeper; as, the warden of a prison.
Warden	A head official; as, the warden of a college; specifically (Eccl.), a churchwarden.
Warden	A large, hard pear, chiefly used for baking and roasting.
Wardenry	Alt. of Wardenship
Wardenship	The office or jurisdiction of a warden.
Warder	One who wards or keeps; a keeper; a guard.
Warder	A truncheon or staff carried by a king or a commander in chief, and used in signaling his will.
Wardian	Designating, or pertaining to, a kind of glass inclosure for keeping ferns, mosses, etc., or for transporting growing plants from a distance; as, a Wardian case of plants; -- so named from the inventor, Nathaniel B. Ward, an Englishman.
Wardmote	Anciently, a meeting of the inhabitants of a ward; also, a court formerly held in each ward of London for trying defaults in matters relating to the watch, police, and the like.
Wardrobe	A room or apartment where clothes are kept, or wearing apparel is stored; a portable closet for hanging up clothes.
Wardrobe	Wearing apparel, in general; articles of dress or personal decoration.
Wardrobe	A privy.
Wardroom	A room occupied as a messroom by the commissioned officers of a war vessel.  See Gunroom.
Wardroom	A room used by the citizens of a city ward, for meetings, political caucuses, elections, etc.
-wards	See -ward.
Wardship	The office of a ward or keeper; care and protection of a ward; guardianship; right of guardianship.
Wardship	The state of begin under a guardian; pupilage.
Wardsmen	of Wardsman
Wardsman	A man who keeps ward; a guard.
Ware	Wore.
Ware	To wear, or veer.  See Wear.
Ware	Seaweed.
Ware	Articles of merchandise; the sum of articles of a particular kind or class; style or class of manufactures; especially, in the plural, goods; commodities; merchandise.
Ware	A ware; taking notice; hence, wary; cautious; on one's guard.  See Beware.
Ware	The state of being ware or aware; heed.
Ware	To make ware; to warn; to take heed of; to beware of; to guard against.
Wareful	Wary; watchful; cautious.
Warefulness	Wariness; cautiousness.
Warega fly	A Brazilian fly whose larvae live in the skin of man and animals, producing painful sores.
Warehouses	of Warehouse
Warehouse	A storehouse for wares, or goods.
Warehoused	of Warehouse
Warehousing	of Warehouse
Warehouse	To deposit or secure in a warehouse.
Warehouse	To place in the warehouse of the government or customhouse stores, to be kept until duties are paid.
Warehousemen	of Warehouseman
Warehouseman	One who keeps a warehouse; the owner or keeper of a dock warehouse or wharf store.
Warehouseman	One who keeps a wholesale shop or store for Manchester or woolen goods.
Warehousing	The act of placing goods in a warehouse, or in a customhouse store.
Wareless	Unwary; incautious; unheeding; careless; unaware.
Warely	Cautiously; warily.
Warence	Madder.
Wareroom	A room in which goods are stored or exhibited for sale.
Wares	See 4th Ware.
Warfare	Military service; military life; contest carried on by enemies; hostilities; war.
Warfare	Contest; struggle.
Warfare	To lead a military life; to carry on continual wars.
Warfarer	One engaged in warfare; a military man; a soldier; a warrior.
Warhable	Fit for war.
Wariangle	The red-backed shrike (Lanius collurio); -- called also wurger, worrier, and throttler.
Warily	In a wary manner.
Wariment	Wariness.
Warine	A South American monkey, one of the sapajous.
Wariness	The quality or state of being wary; care to foresee and guard against evil; cautiousness.
Warish	To protect from the effects of; hence, to cure; to heal.
Warish	To be cured; to recover.
Warison	Preparation; protection; provision; supply.
Warison	Reward; requital; guerdon.
Wark	Work; a building.
Warkloom	A tool; an implement.
Warlike	Fit for war; disposed for war; as, a warlike state; a warlike disposition.
Warlike	Belonging or relating to war; military; martial.
Warlikeness	Quality of being warlike.
Warling	One often quarreled with; -- / word coined, perhaps, to rhyme with darling.
Warlock	A male witch; a wizard; a sprite; an imp.
Warlock	Of or pertaining to a warlock or warlock; impish.
Warlockry	Impishness; magic.
Warly	Warlike.
Warm	Having heat in a moderate degree; not cold as, warm milk.
Warm	Having a sensation of heat, esp. of gentle heat; glowing.
Warm	Subject to heat; having prevalence of heat, or little or no cold weather; as, the warm climate of Egypt.
Warm	Fig.: Not cool, indifferent, lukewarm, or the like, in spirit or temper; zealous; ardent; fervent; excited; sprightly; irritable; excitable.
Warm	Violent; vehement; furious; excited; passionate; as, a warm contest; a warm debate.
Warm	Being well off as to property, or in good circumstances; forehanded; rich.
Warm	In children's games, being near the object sought for; hence, being close to the discovery of some person, thing, or fact concealed.
Warm	Having yellow or red for a basis, or in their composition; -- said of colors, and opposed to cold which is of blue and its compounds.
Warmed	of Warm
Warming	of Warm
Warm	To communicate a moderate degree of heat to; to render warm; to supply or furnish heat to; as, a stove warms an apartment.
Warm	To make engaged or earnest; to interest; to engage; to excite ardor or zeal; to enliven.
Warm	To become warm, or moderately heated; as, the earth soon warms in a clear day summer.
Warm	To become ardent or animated; as, the speake/ warms as he proceeds.
Warm	The act of warming, or the state of being warmed; a warming; a heating.
Warm-blooded	Having warm blood; -- applied especially to those animals, as birds and mammals, which have warm blood, or, more properly, the power of maintaining a nearly uniform temperature whatever the temperature of the surrounding air.  See Homoiothermal.
Warmer	One who, or that which, warms.
Warmful	Abounding in capacity to warm; giving warmth; as, a warmful garment.
Warm-hearted	Having strong affection; cordial; sincere; hearty; sympathetic.
Warming	a. & n. from Warm, v.
Warmly	In a warm manner; ardently.
Warmness	Warmth.
Warmonger	One who makes ar a trade or business; a mercenary.
Warmouth	An American freshwater bream, or sunfish (Chaenobryttus gulosus); -- called also red-eyed bream.
Warmth	The quality or state of being warm; gentle heat; as, the warmth of the sun; the warmth of the blood; vital warmth.
Warmth	A state of lively and excited interest; zeal; ardor; fervor; passion; enthusiasm; earnestness; as, the warmth of love or piety; he replied with much warmth.
Warmth	The glowing effect which arises from the use of warm colors; hence, any similar appearance or effect in a painting, or work of color.
Warmthless	Being without warmth; not communicating warmth; cold.
Warn	To refuse.
Warned	of Warn
Warning	of Warn
Warn	To make ware or aware; to give previous information to; to give notice to; to notify; to admonish; hence, to notify or summon by authority; as, to warn a town meeting; to warn a tenant to quit a house.
Warn	To give notice to, of approaching or probable danger or evil; to caution against anything that may prove injurious.
Warn	To ward off.
Warner	One who warns; an admonisher.
Warner	A warrener.
Warning	Giving previous notice; cautioning; admonishing; as, a warning voice.
Warning	Previous notice.
Warning	Caution against danger, or against faults or evil practices which incur danger; admonition; monition.
Warningly	In a warning manner.
Warnstore	To furnish.
Warped	of Warp
Warping	of Warp
Warp	To throw; hence, to send forth, or throw out, as words; to utter.
Warp	To turn or twist out of shape; esp., to twist or bend out of a flat plane by contraction or otherwise.
Warp	To turn aside from the true direction; to cause to bend or incline; to pervert.
Warp	To weave; to fabricate.
Warp	To tow or move, as a vessel, with a line, or warp, attached to a buoy, anchor, or other fixed object.
Warp	To cast prematurely, as young; -- said of cattle, sheep, etc.
Warp	To let the tide or other water in upon (lowlying land), for the purpose of fertilization, by a deposit of warp, or slimy substance.
Warp	To run off the reel into hauls to be tarred, as yarns.
Warp	To arrange (yarns) on a warp beam.
Warp	To turn, twist, or be twisted out of shape; esp., to be twisted or bent out of a flat plane; as, a board warps in seasoning or shrinking.
Warp	to turn or incline from a straight, true, or proper course; to deviate; to swerve.
Warp	To fly with a bending or waving motion; to turn and wave, like a flock of birds or insects.
Warp	To cast the young prematurely; to slink; -- said of cattle, sheep, etc.
Warp	To wind yarn off bobbins for forming the warp of a web; to wind a warp on a warp beam.
Warp	The threads which are extended lengthwise in the loom, and crossed by the woof.
Warp	A rope used in hauling or moving a vessel, usually with one end attached to an anchor, a post, or other fixed object; a towing line; a warping hawser.
Warp	A slimy substance deposited on land by tides, etc., by which a rich alluvial soil is formed.
Warp	A premature casting of young; -- said of cattle, sheep, etc.
Warp	Four; esp., four herrings; a cast.  See Cast, n., 17.
Warp	The state of being warped or twisted; as, the warp of a board.
Warpage	The act of warping; also, a charge per ton made on shipping in some harbors.
Warpath	The route taken by a party of Indians going on a warlike expedition.
Warper	One who, or that which, warps or twists out of shape.
Warper	One who, or that which, forms yarn or thread into warps or webs for the loom.
Warping	The act or process of one who, or that which, warps.
Warping	The art or occupation of preparing warp or webs for the weaver.
Warproof	Valor tried by war.
Warragal	The dingo.
Warrandice	The obligation by which a person, conveying a subject or a right, is bound to uphold that subject or right against every claim, challenge, or burden arising from circumstances prior to the conveyance; warranty.
Warrant	That which warrants or authorizes; a commission giving authority, or justifying the doing of anything; an act, instrument, or obligation, by which one person authorizes another to do something which he has not otherwise a right to do; an act or instrument investing one with a right or authority, and thus securing him from loss or damage; commission; authority.
Warrant	A writing which authorizes a person to receive money or other thing.
Warrant	A precept issued by a magistrate authorizing an officer to make an arrest, a seizure, or a search, or do other acts incident to the administration of justice.
Warrant	An official certificate of appointment issued to an officer of lower rank than a commissioned officer.  See Warrant officer, below.
Warrant	That which vouches or insures for anything; guaranty; security.
Warrant	That which attests or proves; a voucher.
Warrant	Right; legality; allowance.
Warranted	of Warrant
Warranting	of Warrant
Warrant	To make secure; to give assurance against harm; to guarantee safety to; to give authority or power to do, or forbear to do, anything by which the person authorized is secured, or saved harmless, from any loss or damage by his action.
Warrant	To support by authority or proof; to justify; to maintain; to sanction; as, reason warrants it.
Warrant	To give a warrant or warranty to; to assure as if by giving a warrant to.
Warrant	To secure to, as a grantee, an estate granted; to assure.
Warrant	To secure to, as a purchaser of goods, the title to the same; to indemnify against loss.
Warrant	To secure to, as a purchaser, the quality or quantity of the goods sold, as represented.  See Warranty, n., 2.
Warrant	To assure, as a thing sold, to the purchaser; that is, to engage that the thing is what it appears, or is represented, to be, which implies a covenant to make good any defect or loss incurred by it.
Warrantable	Authorized by commission, precept, or right; justifiable; defensible; as, the seizure of a thief is always warrantable by law and justice; falsehood is never warrantable.
Warrantee	The person to whom a warrant or warranty is made.
Warranter	One who warrants, gives authority, or legally empowers.
Warranter	One who assures, or covenants to assure; one who contracts to secure another in a right, or to make good any defect of title or quality; one who gives a warranty; a guarantor; as, the warranter of a horse.
Warrantise	Authority; security; warranty.
Warrantise	To warrant.
Warrantor	One who warrants.
Warranties	of Warranty
Warranty	A covenant real, whereby the grantor of an estate of freehold and his heirs were bound to warrant and defend the title, and, in case of eviction by title paramount, to yield other lands of equal value in recompense. This warranty has long singe become obsolete, and its place supplied by personal covenants for title. Among these is the covenant of warranty, which runs with the land, and is in the nature of a real covenant.
Warranty	An engagement or undertaking, express or implied, that a certain fact regarding the subject of a contract is, or shall be, as it is expressly or impliedly declared or promised to be. In sales of goods by persons in possession, there is an implied warranty of title, but, as to the quality of goods, the rule of every sale is, Caveat emptor.
Warranty	A stipulation or engagement by a party insured, that certain things, relating to the subject of insurance, or affecting the risk, exist, or shall exist, or have been done, or shall be done. These warranties, when express, should appear in the policy; but there are certain implied warranties.
Warranty	Justificatory mandate or precept; authority; warrant.
Warranty	Security; warrant; guaranty.
Warranty	To warrant; to guarantee.
Warray	To make war upon. [Obs.] Fairfax.
Warre	Worse.
Warren	A place privileged, by prescription or grant the king, for keeping certain animals (as hares, conies, partridges, pheasants, etc.) called beasts and fowls of warren.
Warren	A privilege which one has in his lands, by royal grant or prescription, of hunting and taking wild beasts and birds of warren, to the exclusion of any other person not entering by his permission.
Warren	A piece of ground for the breeding of rabbits.
Warren	A place for keeping flash, in a river.
Warrener	The keeper of a warren.
Warriangle	See Wariangle.
Warrie	See Warye.
Warrin	An Australian lorikeet (Trichoglossus multicolor) remarkable for the variety and brilliancy of its colors; -- called also blue-bellied lorikeet, and blue-bellied parrot.
Warrior	A man engaged or experienced in war, or in the military life; a soldier; a champion.
Warrioress	A female warrior.
Warry	See Warye.
Warsaw	The black grouper (Epinephelus nigritus) of the southern coasts of the United States.
Warsaw	The jewfish; -- called also guasa.
Wart	A small, usually hard, tumor on the skin formed by enlargement of its vascular papillae, and thickening of the epidermis which covers them.
Wart	An excrescence or protuberance more or less resembling a true wart; specifically (Bot.), a glandular excrescence or hardened protuberance on plants.
Warted	Having little knobs on the surface; verrucose; as, a warted capsule.
Wart hog	Either one of two species of large, savage African wild hogs of the genus Phacoch/rus.  These animals have a pair of large, rough, fleshy tubercles behind the tusks and second pair behind the eyes. The tusks are large and strong, and both pairs curve upward. The body is scantily covered with bristles, but there is long dorsal mane. The South African species (Phacoch/rus Aethiopicus) is the best known. Called also vlacke vark. The second species (P. Aeliani) is native of the coasts of the Red Sea.
Wartless	Having no wart.
Wartweed	Same as Wartwort.
Wartwort	A name given to several plants because they were thought to be a cure for warts, as a kind of spurge (Euphorbia Helioscopia), and the nipplewort (Lampsana communis).
Warty	Having warts; full of warts; overgrow with warts; as, a warty leaf.
Warty	Of the nature of warts; as, a warty excrescence.
Warwickite	A dark brown or black mineral, occurring in prismatic crystals imbedded in limestone near Warwick, New York. It consists of the borate and titanate of magnesia and iron.
Warworn	Worn with military service; as, a warworn soldier; a warworn coat.
Wary	Cautious of danger; carefully watching and guarding against deception, artifices, and dangers; timorously or suspiciously prudent; circumspect; scrupulous; careful.
Wary	Characterized by caution; guarded; careful.
Warye	To curse; to curse; to execrate; to condemn; also, to vex.
Was	The first and third persons singular of the verb be, in the indicative mood, preterit (imperfect) tense; as, I was; he was.
Wase	A bundle of straw, or other material, to relieve the pressure of burdens carried upon the head.
Washed	of Wash
Washing	of Wash
Wash	To cleanse by ablution, or dipping or rubbing in water; to apply water or other liquid to for the purpose of cleansing; to scrub with water, etc., or as with water; as, to wash the hands or body; to wash garments; to wash sheep or wool; to wash the pavement or floor; to wash the bark of trees.
Wash	To cover with water or any liquid; to wet; to fall on and moisten; hence, to overflow or dash against; as, waves wash the shore.
Wash	To waste or abrade by the force of water in motion; as, heavy rains wash a road or an embankment.
Wash	To remove by washing to take away by, or as by, the action of water; to drag or draw off as by the tide; -- often with away, off, out, etc.; as, to wash dirt from the hands.
Wash	To cover with a thin or watery coat of color; to tint lightly and thinly.
Wash	To overlay with a thin coat of metal; as, steel washed with silver.
Wash	To perform the act of ablution.
Wash	To clean anything by rubbing or dipping it in water; to perform the business of cleansing clothes, ore, etc., in water.
Wash	To bear without injury the operation of being washed; as, some calicoes do not wash.
Wash	To be wasted or worn away by the action of water, as by a running or overflowing stream, or by the dashing of the sea; -- said of road, a beach, etc.
Wash	The act of washing; an ablution; a cleansing, wetting, or dashing with water; hence, a quantity, as of clothes, washed at once.
Wash	A piece of ground washed by the action of a sea or river, or sometimes covered and sometimes left dry; the shallowest part of a river, or arm of the sea; also, a bog; a marsh; a fen; as, the washes in Lincolnshire.
Wash	Substances collected and deposited by the action of water; as, the wash of a sewer, of a river, etc.
Wash	Waste liquid, the refuse of food, the collection from washed dishes, etc., from a kitchen, often used as food for pigs.
Wash	The fermented wort before the spirit is extracted.
Wash	A mixture of dunder, molasses, water, and scummings, used in the West Indies for distillation.
Wash	That with which anything is washed, or wetted, smeared, tinted, etc., upon the surface.
Wash	A liquid cosmetic for the complexion.
Wash	A liquid dentifrice.
Wash	A liquid preparation for the hair; as, a hair wash.
Wash	A medical preparation in a liquid form for external application; a lotion.
Wash	A thin coat of color, esp. water color.
Wash	A thin coat of metal laid on anything for beauty or preservation.
Wash	The blade of an oar, or the thin part which enters the water.
Wash	The backward current or disturbed water caused by the action of oars, or of a steamer's screw or paddles, etc.
Wash	The flow, swash, or breaking of a body of water, as a wave; also, the sound of it.
Wash	Ten strikes, or bushels, of oysters.
Wash	Washy; weak.
Wash	Capable of being washed without injury; washable; as, wash goods.
Washable	Capable of being washed without damage to fabric or color.
Washboard	A fluted, or ribbed, board on which clothes are rubbed in washing them.
Washboard	A board running round, and serving as a facing for, the walls of a room, next to the floor; a mopboard.
Washboard	A broad, thin plank, fixed along the gunwale of boat to keep the sea from breaking inboard; also, a plank on the sill of a lower deck port, for the same purpose; -- called also wasteboard.
Washbowl	A basin, or bowl, to hold water for washing one's hands, face, etc.
Washdish	A washbowl.
Washdish	Same as Washerwoman, 2.
Washed	Appearing as if overlaid with a thin layer of different color; -- said of the colors of certain birds and insects.
Washen	p. p. of Wash.
Washer	One who, or that which, washes.
Washer	A ring of metal, leather, or other material, or a perforated plate, used for various purposes, as around a bolt or screw to form a seat for the head or nut, or around a wagon axle to prevent endwise motion of the hub of the wheel and relieve friction, or in a joint to form a packing, etc.
Washer	A fitting, usually having a plug, applied to a cistern, tub, sink, or the like, and forming the outlet opening.
Washer	The common raccoon.
Washer	Same as Washerwoman, 2.
Washermen	of Washerman
Washerman	A man who washes clothes, esp. for hire, or for others.
Washerwomen	of Washerwoman
Washerwoman	A woman who washes clothes, especially for hire, or for others.
Washerwoman	The pied wagtail; -- so called in allusion to its beating the water with its tail while tripping along the leaves of water plants.
Washhouse	An outbuilding for washing, esp. one for washing clothes; a laundry.
Washiness	The quality or state of being washy, watery, or weak.
Washing	The act of one who washes; the act of cleansing with water; ablution.
Washing	The clothes washed, esp. at one time; a wash.
Washingtonian	Pertaining to, or characteristic of, George Washington; as, a Washingtonian policy.
Washingtonian	Designating, or pertaining to, a temperance society and movement started in Baltimore in 1840 on the principle of total abstinence.
Washingtonian	A member of the Washingtonian Society.
Wash-off	Capable of being washed off; not permanent or durable; -- said of colors not fixed by steaming or otherwise.
Washout	The washing out or away of earth, etc., especially of a portion of the bed of a road or railroad by a fall of rain or a freshet; also, a place, especially in the bed of a road or railroad, where the earth has been washed away.
Washpot	A pot or vessel in which anything is washed.
Washpot	A pot containing melted tin into which the plates are dipped to be coated.
Washstand	A piece of furniture holding the ewer or pitcher, basin, and other requisites for washing the person.
Washtub	A tub in which clothes are washed.
Washy	Watery; damp; soft.
Washy	Lacking substance or strength; weak; thin; dilute; feeble; as, washy tea; washy resolutions.
Washy	Not firm or hardy; liable to sweat profusely with labor; as, a washy horse.
Wasite	A variety of allanite from Sweden supposed to contain wasium.
Wasium	A rare element supposed by Bahr to have been extracted from wasite, but now identified with thorium.
Wasp	Any one of numerous species of stinging hymenopterous insects, esp. any of the numerous species of the genus Vespa, which includes the true, or social, wasps, some of which are called yellow jackets.
Waspish	Resembling a wasp in form; having a slender waist, like a wasp.
Waspish	Quick to resent a trifling affront; characterized by snappishness; irritable; irascible; petulant; snappish.
Wassail	An ancient expression of good wishes on a festive occasion, especially in drinking to some one.
Wassail	An occasion on which such good wishes are expressed in drinking; a drinking bout; a carouse.
Wassail	The liquor used for a wassail; esp., a beverage formerly much used in England at Christmas and other festivals, made of ale (or wine) flavored with spices, sugar, toast, roasted apples, etc.; -- called also lamb's wool.
Wassail	A festive or drinking song or glee.
Wassail	Of or pertaining to wassail, or to a wassail; convivial; as, a wassail bowl.
Wassail	To hold a wassail; to carouse.
Wassailer	One who drinks wassail; one who engages in festivity, especially in drinking; a reveler.
Wast	The second person singular of the verb be, in the indicative mood, imperfect tense; -- now used only in solemn or poetical style.  See Was.
Wastage	Loss by use, decay, evaporation, leakage, or the like; waste.
Waste	Desolate; devastated; stripped; bare; hence, dreary; dismal; gloomy; cheerless.
Waste	Lying unused; unproductive; worthless; valueless; refuse; rejected; as, waste land; waste paper.
Waste	Lost for want of occupiers or use; superfluous.
Wasted	of Waste
Wasting	of Waste
Waste	To bring to ruin; to devastate; to desolate; to destroy.
Waste	To wear away by degrees; to impair gradually; to diminish by constant loss; to use up; to consume; to spend; to wear out.
Waste	To spend unnecessarily or carelessly; to employ prodigally; to expend without valuable result; to apply to useless purposes; to lavish vainly; to squander; to cause to be lost; to destroy by scattering or injury.
Waste	To damage, impair, or injure, as an estate, voluntarily, or by suffering the buildings, fences, etc., to go to decay.
Waste	To be diminished; to lose bulk, substance, strength, value, or the like, gradually; to be consumed; to dwindle; to grow less.
Waste	To procure or sustain a reduction of flesh; -- said of a jockey in preparation for a race, etc.
Waste	The act of wasting, or the state of being wasted; a squandering; needless destruction; useless consumption or expenditure; devastation; loss without equivalent gain; gradual loss or decrease, by use, wear, or decay; as, a waste of property, time, labor, words, etc.
Waste	That which is wasted or desolate; a devastated, uncultivated, or wild country; a deserted region; an unoccupied or unemployed space; a dreary void; a desert; a wilderness.
Waste	That which is of no value; worthless remnants; refuse. Specifically: Remnants of cops, or other refuse resulting from the working of cotton, wool, hemp, and the like, used for wiping machinery, absorbing oil in the axle boxes of railway cars, etc.
Waste	Spoil, destruction, or injury, done to houses, woods, fences, lands, etc., by a tenant for life or for years, to the prejudice of the heir, or of him in reversion or remainder.
Waste	Old or abandoned workings, whether left as vacant space or filled with refuse.
Wastebasket	A basket used in offices, libraries, etc., as a receptacle for waste paper.
Wasteboard	See Washboard, 3.
Wastebook	A book in which rough entries of transactions are made, previous to their being carried into the journal.
Wasteful	Full of waste; destructive to property; ruinous; as, wasteful practices or negligence; wasteful expenses.
Wasteful	Expending, or tending to expend, property, or that which is valuable, in a needless or useless manner; lavish; prodigal; as, a wasteful person; a wasteful disposition.
Wasteful	Waste; desolate; unoccupied; untilled.
Wastel	A kind of white and fine bread or cake; -- called also wastel bread, and wastel cake.
Wasteness	The quality or state of being waste; a desolate state or condition; desolation.
Wasteness	That which is waste; a desert; a waste.
Waster	One who, or that which, wastes; one who squanders; one who consumes or expends extravagantly; a spendthrift; a prodigal.
Waster	An imperfection in the wick of a candle, causing it to waste; -- called also a thief.
Waster	A kind of cudgel; also, a blunt-edged sword used as a foil.
Wastethrift	A spendthrift.
Wasteweir	An overfall, or weir, for the escape, or overflow, of superfluous water from a canal, reservoir, pond, or the like.
Wasting	Causing waste; also, undergoing waste; diminishing; as, a wasting disease; a wasting fortune.
Wastor	A waster; a thief.
Wastorel	See Wastrel.
Wastrel	Any waste thing or substance
Wastrel	Waste land or common land.
Wastrel	A profligate.
Wastrel	A neglected child; a street Arab.
Wastrel	Anything cast away as bad or useless, as imperfect bricks, china, etc.
Watch	The act of watching; forbearance of sleep; vigil; wakeful, vigilant, or constantly observant attention; close observation; guard; preservative or preventive vigilance; formerly, a watching or guarding by night.
Watch	One who watches, or those who watch; a watchman, or a body of watchmen; a sentry; a guard.
Watch	The post or office of a watchman; also, the place where a watchman is posted, or where a guard is kept.
Watch	The period of the night during which a person does duty as a sentinel, or guard; the time from the placing of a sentinel till his relief; hence, a division of the night.
Watch	A small timepiece, or chronometer, to be carried about the person, the machinery of which is moved by a spring.
Watch	An allotted portion of time, usually four hour for standing watch, or being on deck ready for duty.   Cf. Dogwatch.
Watch	That part, usually one half, of the officers and crew, who together attend to the working of a vessel for an allotted time, usually four hours. The watches are designated as the port watch, and the starboard watch.
Watch	To be awake; to be or continue without sleep; to wake; to keep vigil.
Watch	To be attentive or vigilant; to give heed; to be on the lookout; to keep guard; to act as sentinel.
Watch	To be expectant; to look with expectation; to wait; to seek opportunity.
Watch	To remain awake with any one as nurse or attendant; to attend on the sick during the night; as, to watch with a man in a fever.
Watch	To serve the purpose of a watchman by floating properly in its place; -- said of a buoy.
Watched	of Watch
Watching	of Watch
Watch	To give heed to; to observe the actions or motions of, for any purpose; to keep in view; not to lose from sight and observation; as, to watch the progress of a bill in the legislature.
Watch	To tend; to guard; to have in keeping.
Watchdog	A dog kept to watch and guard premises or property, and to give notice of the approach of intruders.
Watcher	One who watches; one who sits up or continues; a diligent observer; specifically, one who attends upon the sick during the night.
Watches	The leaves of Saracenia flava.  See Trumpets.
Watchet	Pale or light blue.
Watchful	Full of watch; vigilant; attentive; careful to observe closely; observant; cautious; -- with of before the thing to be regulated or guarded; as, to be watchful of one's behavior; and with against before the thing to be avoided; as, to be watchful against the growth of vicious habits.
Watchhouses	of Watchhouse
Watchhouse	A house in which a watch or guard is placed.
Watchhouse	A place where persons under temporary arrest by the police of a city are kept; a police station; a lockup.
Watchmaker	One whose occupation is to make and repair watches.
Watchmen	of Watchman
Watchman	One set to watch; a person who keeps guard; a guard; a sentinel.
Watchman	Specifically, one who guards a building, or the streets of a city, by night.
Watchtower	A tower in which a sentinel is placed to watch for enemies, the approach of danger, or the like.
Watchword	A word given to sentinels, and to such as have occasion to visit the guards, used as a signal by which a friend is known from an enemy, or a person who has a right to pass the watch from one who has not; a countersign; a password.
Watchword	A sentiment or motto; esp., one used as a rallying cry or a signal for action.
Water	The fluid which descends from the clouds in rain, and which forms rivers, lakes, seas, etc.
Water	A body of water, standing or flowing; a lake, river, or other collection of water.
Water	Any liquid secretion, humor, or the like, resembling water; esp., the urine.
Water	A solution in water of a gaseous or readily volatile substance; as, ammonia water.
Water	The limpidity and luster of a precious stone, especially a diamond; as, a diamond of the first water, that is, perfectly pure and transparent. Hence, of the first water, that is, of the first excellence.
Water	A wavy, lustrous pattern or decoration such as is imparted to linen, silk, metals, etc.  See Water, v. t., 3, Damask, v. t., and Damaskeen.
Water	An addition to the shares representing the capital of a stock company so that the aggregate par value of the shares is increased while their value for investment is diminished, or "diluted."
Watered	of Water
Watering	of Water
Water	To wet or supply with water; to moisten; to overflow with water; to irrigate; as, to water land; to water flowers.
Water	To supply with water for drink; to cause or allow to drink; as, to water cattle and horses.
Water	To wet and calender, as cloth, so as to impart to it a lustrous appearance in wavy lines; to diversify with wavelike lines; as, to water silk.  Cf. Water, n., 6.
Water	To add water to (anything), thereby extending the quantity or bulk while reducing the strength or quality; to extend; to dilute; to weaken.
Water	To shed, secrete, or fill with, water or liquid matter; as, his eyes began to water.
Water	To get or take in water; as, the ship put into port to water.
Water adder	The water moccasin.
Water adder	The common, harmless American water snake (Tropidonotus sipedon).  See Illust. under Water Snake.
Waterage	Money paid for transportation of goods, etc., by water.
Water agrimony	A kind of bur marigold (Bidens tripartita) found in wet places in Europe.
Water aloe	See Water soldier.
Water antelope	See Water buck.
Water arum	An aroid herb (Calla palustris) having a white spathe. It is an inhabitant of the north temperate zone.
Water back	See under 1st Back.
Water bailiff	An officer of the customs, whose duty it is to search vessels.
Water ballast	Water confined in specially constructed compartments in a vessel's hold, to serve as ballast.
Water barometer	A barometer in which the changes of atmospheric pressure are indicated by the motion of a column of water instead of mercury. It requires a column of water about thirty-three feet in height.
Water bath	A device for regulating the temperature of anything subjected to heat, by surrounding the vessel containing it with another vessel containing water which can be kept at a desired temperature; also, a vessel designed for this purpose.
Water battery	A voltaic battery in which the exciting fluid is water.
Water battery	A battery nearly on a level with the water.
Water bear	Any species of Tardigrada, 2.  See Illust. of Tardigrada.
Water-bearer	The constellation Aquarius.
Water bed	A kind of mattress made of, or covered with, waterproof fabric and filled with water. It is used in hospitals for bedridden patients.
Water beech	The American hornbeam.  See Hornbeam.
Water beetle	Any one of numerous species of aquatic beetles belonging to Dytiscus and allied genera of the family Dytiscidae, and to various genera of the family Hydrophilidae.  These beetles swim with great agility, the fringed hind legs acting together like oars.
Water bellows	Same as Tromp.
Water bird	Any aquatic bird; a water fowl.
Water blackbird	The European water ousel, or dipper.
Waterboard	A board set up to windward in a boat, to keep out water.
Water boatman	A boat bug.
Waterbok	A water buck.
Water-bound	Prevented by a flood from proceeding.
Water brain	A disease of sheep; gid.
Water brash	See under Brash.
Water breather	Any arthropod that breathes by means of gills.
Water bridge	See Water table.
Water buck	A large, heavy antelope (Kobus ellipsiprymnus) native of Central Africa. It frequents the banks of rivers and is a good swimmer. It has a white ring around the rump. Called also photomok, water antelope, and waterbok.
Water buffalo	The European buffalo.
Water bug	The Croton bug.
Water bug	Any one of numerous species of large, rapacious, aquatic, hemipterous insects belonging to Belostoma, Benacus, Zaitha, and other genera of the family Belostomatidae. Their hind legs are long and fringed, and act like oars. Some of these insects are of great size, being among the largest existing Hemiptera. Many of them come out of the water and fly about at night.
Water butt	A large, open-headed cask, set up on end, to contain water.
Water caltrop	The water chestnut.
Water can	Any one of several species of Nuphar; the yellow frog lily; -- so called from the shape of the seed vessel.  See Nuphar, and cf. Candock.
Water canker	See Canker, n., 1.
Water carriage	Transportation or conveyance by water; means of transporting by water.
Water carriage	A vessel or boat.
Water cart	A cart carrying water; esp., one carrying water for sale, or for sprinkling streets, gardens, etc.
Water cavy	The capybara.
Water celery	A very acrid herb (Ranunculus sceleratus) growing in ditches and wet places; -- called also cursed crowfoot.
Water cell	A cell containing water; specifically (Zool.), one of the cells or chambers in which water is stored up in the stomach of a camel.
Water cement	Hydraulic cement.
Water chestnut	The fruit of Trapa natans and Trapa bicornis, Old World water plants bearing edible nutlike fruits armed with several hard and sharp points; also, the plant itself; -- called also water caltrop.
Water chevrotain	A large West African chevrotain (Hyaemoschus aquaticus). It has a larger body and shorter legs than the other allied species. Called also water deerlet.
Water chicken	The common American gallinule.
Water chickweed	A small annual plant (Montia fontana) growing in wet places in southern regions.
Water chinquapin	The American lotus, and its edible seeds, which somewhat resemble chinquapins.   Cf. Yoncopin.
Water clock	An instrument or machine serving to measure time by the fall, or flow, of a certain quantity of water; a clepsydra.
Water-closet	A privy; especially, a privy furnished with a contrivance for introducing a stream of water to cleanse it.
Water cock	A large gallinule (Gallicrex cristatus) native of Australia, India, and the East Indies. In the breeding season the male is black and has a fleshy red caruncle, or horn, on the top of its head. Called also kora.
Water color	A color ground with water and gum or other glutinous medium; a color the vehicle of which is water; -- so called in distinction from oil color.
Water color	A picture painted with such colors.
Water-colorist	One who paints in water colors.
Water course	A stream of water; a river or brook.
Water course	A natural channel for water; also, a canal for the conveyance of water, especially in draining lands.
Water course	A running stream of water having a bed and banks; the easement one may have in the flowing of such a stream in its accustomed course.  A water course may be sometimes dry.
Water craft	Any vessel or boat plying on water; vessels and boats, collectively.
Water crake	The dipper.
Water crake	The spotted crake (Porzana maruetta).  See Illust. of Crake.
Water crake	The swamp hen, or crake, of Australia.
Water crane	A goose-neck apparatus for supplying water from an elevated tank, as to the tender of a locomotive.
Water cress	A perennial cruciferous herb (Nasturtium officinale) growing usually in clear running or spring water. The leaves are pungent, and used for salad and as an antiscorbutic.
Water crow	The dipper.
Water crow	The European coot.
Water crowfoot	An aquatic kind of buttercup (Ranunculus aquatilis), used as food for cattle in parts of England.
Water cure	Hydropathy.
Water cure	A hydropathic institution.
Water deck	A covering of painting canvas for the equipments of a dragoon's horse.
Water deer	A small Chinese deer (Hydropotes inermis). Both sexes are destitute of antlers, but the male has large, descending canine tusks.
Water deer	The water chevrotain.
Water deerlet	See Water chevrotain.
Water devil	The rapacious larva of a large water beetle (Hydrophilus piceus), and of other similar species.  See Illust. of Water beetle.
Water dock	A tall, coarse dock growing in wet places. The American water dock is Rumex orbiculatus, the European is R. Hydrolapathum.
Water doctor	One who professes to be able to divine diseases by inspection of the urine.
Water doctor	A physician who treats diseases with water; an hydropathist.
Water dog	A dog accustomed to the water, or trained to retrieve waterfowl. Retrievers, waters spaniels, and Newfoundland dogs are so trained.
Water dog	The menobranchus.
Water dog	A small floating cloud, supposed to indicate rain.
Water dog	A sailor, esp. an old sailor; an old salt.
Water drain	A drain or channel for draining off water.
Water drainage	The draining off of water.
Water dressing	The treatment of wounds or ulcers by the application of water; also, a dressing saturated with water only, for application to a wound or an ulcer.
Water dropwort	A European poisonous umbelliferous plant (Enanthe fistulosa) with large hollow stems and finely divided leaves.
Water eagle	The osprey.
Water elder	The guelder-rose.
Water elephant	The hippopotamus.
Water engine	An engine to raise water; or an engine moved by water; also, an engine or machine for extinguishing fires; a fire engine.
Waterer	One who, or that which, waters.
Waterfall	A fall, or perpendicular descent, of the water of a river or stream, or a descent nearly perpendicular; a cascade; a cataract.
Waterfall	An arrangement of a woman's back hair over a cushion or frame in some resemblance to a waterfall.
Waterfall	A certain kind of neck scarf.
Water feather	Alt. of Water feather-foil
Water feather-foil	The water violet (Hottonia palustris); also, the less showy American plant H. inflata.
Water flag	A European species of Iris (Iris Pseudacorus) having bright yellow flowers.
Water flannel	A floating mass formed in pools by the entangled filaments of a European fresh-water alga (Cladophora crispata).
Water flea	Any one of numerous species of small aquatic Entomostraca belonging to the genera Cyclops, Daphnia, etc; -- so called because they swim with sudden leaps, or starts.
Waterflood	A flood of water; an inundation.
Water flounder	The windowpane (Pleuronectes maculatus).
Waterfowl	Any bird that frequents the water, or lives about rivers, lakes, etc., or on or near the sea; an aquatic fowl; -- used also collectively.
Water fox	The carp; -- so called on account of its cunning.
Water frame	A name given to the first power spinning machine, because driven by water power.
Water furrow	A deep furrow for conducting water from the ground, and keeping the surface soil dry.
Water-furrow	To make water furrows in.
Water gage	See Water gauge.
Water gall	A cavity made in the earth by a torrent of water; a washout.
Water gall	A watery appearance in the sky, accompanying the rainbow; a secondary or broken rainbow.
Water gang	A passage for water, such as was usually made in a sea wall, to drain water out of marshes.
Water gas	See under Gas.
Water gate	A gate, or valve, by which a flow of water is permitted, prevented, or regulated.
Water gauge	A wall or bank to hold water back.
Water gauge	An instrument for measuring or ascertaining the depth or quantity of water, or for indicating the height of its surface, as in the boiler of a steam engine.  See Gauge.
Water gavel	A gavel or rent paid for a privilege, as of fishing, in some river or water.
Water germander	A labiate plant (Teucrium Scordium) found in marshy places in Europe.
Water gilding	The act, or the process, of gilding metallic surfaces by covering them with a thin coating of amalgam of gold, and then volatilizing the mercury by heat; -- called also wash gilding.
Water glass	See Soluble glass, under Glass.
Water god	A fabulous deity supposed to dwell in, and preside over, some body of water.
Water gruel	A liquid food composed of water and a small portion of meal, or other farinaceous substance, boiled and seasoned.
Water hammer	A vessel partly filled with water, exhausted of air, and hermetically sealed. When reversed or shaken, the water being unimpeded by air, strikes the sides in solid mass with a sound like that of a hammer.
Water hammer	A concussion, or blow, made by water in striking, as against the sides of a pipe or vessel containing it.
Water hare	A small American hare or rabbit (Lepus aquaticus) found on or near the southern coasts of the United States; -- called also water rabbit, and swamp hare.
Water hemlock	A poisonous umbelliferous plant (Cicuta virosa) of Europe; also, any one of several plants of that genus.
Water hemlock	A poisonous plant (/nanthe crocata) resembling the above.
Water hemp	See under Hemp.
Water hen	Any gallinule.
Water hen	The common American coot.
Water hog	The capybara.
Water horehound	Bugleweed.
Waterhorse	A pile of salted fish heaped up to drain.
Water hyacinth	Either of several tropical aquatic plants of the genus Eichhornia, related to the pickerel weed.
Water ice	Water flavored, sweetened, and frozen, to be eaten as a confection.
Waterie	The pied wagtail; -- so called because it frequents ponds.
Water inch	Same as Inch of water, under Water.
Wateriness	The quality or state of being watery; moisture; humidity.
Watering	a. & n. from Water, v.
Waterish	Resembling water; thin; watery.
Waterish	Somewhat watery; moist; as, waterish land.
Waterishness	The quality of being waterish.
Water joint	A joint in a stone pavement where the stones are left slightly higher than elsewhere, the rest of the surface being sunken or dished. The raised surface is intended to prevent the settling of water in the joints.
Water junket	The common sandpiper.
Water-laid	Having a left-hand twist; -- said of cordage; as, a water-laid, or left-hand, rope.
Waterlander	Alt. of Waterlandian
Waterlandian	One of a body of Dutch Anabaptists who separated from the Mennonites in the sixteenth century; -- so called from a district in North Holland denominated Waterland.
Water laverock	The common sandpiper.
Waterleaf	Any plant of the American genus Hydrophyllum, herbs having white or pale blue bell-shaped flowers.
Water leg	See Leg, 7.
Water lemon	The edible fruit of two species of passion flower (Passiflora laurifolia, and P. maliformis); -- so called in the West Indies.
Waterless	Destitute of water; dry.
Water lettuce	A plant (Pistia stratiotes) which floats on tropical waters, and forms a rosette of spongy, wedge-shaped leaves.
Water level	The level formed by the surface of still water.
Water level	A kind of leveling instrument.  See under Level, n.
Water lily	A blossom or plant of any species of the genus Nymphaea, distinguished for its large floating leaves and beautiful flowers.  See Nymphaea.
Water lime	Hydraulic lime.
Water line	Any one of certain lines of a vessel, model, or plan, parallel with the surface of the water at various heights from the keel.
Water line	Any one of several lines marked upon the outside of a vessel, corresponding with the surface of the water when she is afloat on an even keel. The lowest line indicates the vessel's proper submergence when not loaded, and is called the light water line; the highest, called the load water line, indicates her proper submergence when loaded.
Water lizard	Any aquatic lizard of the genus Varanus, as the monitor of the Nile.  See Monitor, n., 3.
Water locust	A thorny leguminous tree (Gleditschia monosperma) which grows in the swamps of the Mississippi valley.
Water-logged	Filled or saturated with water so as to be heavy, unmanageable, or loglike; -- said of a vessel, when, by receiving a great quantity of water into her hold, she has become so heavy as not to be manageable by the helm.
Watermen	of Waterman
Waterman	A man who plies for hire on rivers, lakes, or canals, or in harbors, in distinction from a seaman who is engaged on the high seas; a man who manages fresh-water craft; a boatman; a ferryman.
Waterman	An attendant on cab stands, etc., who supplies water to the horses.
Waterman	A water demon.
Watermark	A mark indicating the height to which water has risen, or at which it has stood; the usual limit of high or low water.
Watermark	A letter, device, or the like, wrought into paper during the process of manufacture.
Watermark	See Water line, 2.
Water meadow	A meadow, or piece of low, flat land, capable of being kept in a state of fertility by being overflowed with water from some adjoining river or stream.
Water measure	A measure formerly used for articles brought by water, as coals, oysters, etc. The water-measure bushel was three gallons larger than the Winchester bushel.
Water measurer	Any one of numerous species of water; the skater.  See Skater, n., 2.
Watermelon	The very large ovoid or roundish fruit of a cucurbitaceous plant (Citrullus vulgaris) of many varieties; also, the plant itself. The fruit sometimes weighs many pounds; its pulp is usually pink in color, and full of a sweet watery juice. It is a native of tropical Africa, but is now cultivated in many countries.  See Illust. of Melon.
Water meter	A contrivance for measuring a supply of water delivered or received for any purpose, as from a street main.
Water milfoil	Any plant of the genus Myriophyllum, aquatic herbs with whorled leaves, the submersed ones pinnately parted into capillary divisions.
Water mill	A mill whose machinery is moved by water; -- distinguished from a windmill, and a steam mill.
Water mint	A kind of mint (Mentha aquatica) growing in wet places, and sometimes having a perfume resembling bergamot.
Water mite	Any of numerous species of aquatic mites belonging to Hydrachna and allied genera of the family Hydrachnidae, usually having the legs fringed and adapted for swimming. They are often red or red and black in color, and while young are parasites of fresh-water insects and mussels.  Called also water tick, and water spider.
Water moccasin	A venomous North American snake (Ancistrodon piscivorus) allied to the rattlesnake but destitute of a rattle. It lives in or about pools and ponds, and feeds largely of fishes. Called also water snake, water adder, water viper.
Water mole	The shrew mole.  See under Shrew.
Water mole	The duck mole.  See under Duck.
Water monitor	A very large lizard (Varanaus salvator) native of India. It frequents the borders of streams and swims actively. It becomes five or six feet long. Called also two-banded monitor, and kabaragoya. The name is also applied to other aquatic monitors.
Water motor	A water engine.
Water motor	A water wheel; especially, a small water wheel driven by water from a street main.
Water mouse	Any one of several species of mice belonging to the genus Hydromys, native of Australia and Tasmania. Their hind legs are strong and their toes partially webbed. They live on the borders of streams, and swim well. They are remarkable as being the only rodents found in Australia.
Water murrain	A kind of murrain affecting cattle.
Water newt	Any one of numerous species of aquatic salamanders; a triton.
Water nymph	A goddess of any stream or other body of water, whether one of the Naiads, Nereids, or Oceanides.
Water nymph	A water lily (Nymphaea).
Water oat	Indian rice.  See under Rice.
Water opossum	See Yapock, and the Note under Opossum.
Water ordeal	Same as Ordeal by water.  See the Note under Ordeal, n., 1.
Water ousel	Alt. of Water ouzel
Water ouzel	Any one of several species of small insessorial birds of the genus Cinclus (or Hydrobates), especially the European water ousel (C. aquaticus), and the American water ousel (C. Mexicanus). These birds live about the water, and are in the habit of walking on the bottom of streams beneath the water in search of food.
Water parsnip	Any plant of the aquatic umbelliferous genus Sium, poisonous herbs with pinnate or dissected leaves and small white flowers.
Water partridge	The ruddy duck.
Water pennywort	Marsh pennywort.  See under Marsh.
Water pepper	Smartweed.
Water pepper	Waterwort.
Water pheasant	The pintail.  See Pintail, n., 1.
Water pheasant	The goosander.
Water pheasant	The hooded merganser.
Water piet	The water ousel.
Water pig	The capybara.
Water pig	The gourami.
Water pillar	A waterspout.
Water pimpernel	A small white-flowered shrub; brookweed.
Water pipe	A pipe for conveying water.
Water pitcher	A pitcher for water.
Water pitcher	One of a family of plants having pitcher-shaped leaves. The sidesaddle flower (Sarracenia purpurea) is the type.
Water plant	A plant that grows in water; an aquatic plant.
Water plantain	A kind of plant with acrid leaves.  See under 2d Plantain.
Water plate	A plate heated by hot water contained in a double bottom or jacket.
Water poa	Meadow reed grass.  See under Reed.
Water poise	A hydrometer.
Water pore	A pore by which the water tubes of various invertebrates open externally.
Water pore	One of certain minute pores in the leaves of some plants. They are without true guardian cells, but in other respects closely resemble ordinary stomata.
Waterpot	A vessel for holding or conveying water, or for sprinkling water on cloth, plants, etc.
Water power	The power of water employed to move machinery, etc.
Water power	A fall of water which may be used to drive machinery; a site for a water mill; a water privilege.
Water pox	A variety of chicken pox, or varicella.
Water privilege	The advantage of using water as a mechanical power; also, the place where water is, or may be, so used.  See under Privilege.
Waterproof	Proof against penetration or permeation by water; impervious to water; as, a waterproof garment; a waterproof roof.
Waterproof	A substance or preparation for rendering cloth, leather, etc., impervious to water.
Waterproof	Cloth made waterproof, or any article made of such cloth, or of other waterproof material, as rubber; esp., an outer garment made of such material.
Waterproof	To render impervious to water, as cloth, leather, etc.
Waterproofing	The act or process of making waterproof.
Waterproofing	Same as Waterproof, n., 1.
Water purslane	See under Purslane.
Water qualm	See Water brash, under Brash.
Water rabbit	See Water hare.
Water radish	A coarse yellow-flowered plant (Nasturtium amphibium) related to the water cress and to the horse-radish.
Water rail	Any one of numerous species of rails of the genus Rallus, as the common European species (Rallus aquaticus).  See Illust. of Rail.
Water ram	An hydraulic ram.
Water rat	The water vole.  See under Vole.
Water rat	The muskrat.
Water rat	The beaver rat.  See under Beaver.
Water rat	A thief on the water; a pirate.
Water rate	A rate or tax for a supply of water.
Water rattle	Alt. of Water rattler
Water rattler	The diamond rattlesnake (Crotalus adamanteus); -- so called from its preference for damp places near water.
Water-retted	of Water-ret
Water-retting	of Water-ret
Water-ret	To ret, or rot, in water, as flax; to water-rot.
Water rice	Indian rice.  See under Rice.
Water rocket	A cruciferous plant (Nasturtium sylvestre) with small yellow flowers.
Water rocket	A kind of firework to be discharged in the water.
Water-rotted	of Water-rot
Water-rotting	of Water-rot
Water-rot	To rot by steeping in water; to water-ret; as, to water-rot hemp or flax.
Water sail	A small sail sometimes set under a studding sail or under a driver boom, and reaching nearly to the water.
Water sapphire	A deep blue variety of iolite, sometimes used as a gem; -- called also saphir d'eau.
Waterscape	A sea view; -- distinguished from landscape.
Water scorpion	See Nepa.
Water screw	A screw propeller.
Watershed	The whole region or extent of country which contributes to the supply of a river or lake.
Watershed	The line of division between two adjacent rivers or lakes with respect to the flow of water by natural channels into them; the natural boundary of a basin.
Water shield	An aquatic American plant (Brasenia peltata) having floating oval leaves, and the covered with a clear jelly.
Watershoot	A sprig or shoot from the root or stock of a tree.
Watershoot	That which serves to guard from falling water; a drip or dripstone.
Watershoot	A trough for discharging water.
Water shrew	Any one of several species of shrews having fringed feet and capable of swimming actively. The two common European species (Crossopus fodiens, and C. ciliatus) are the best known. The most common American water shrew, or marsh shrew (Neosorex palustris), is rarely seen, owing to its nocturnal habits.
Water snail	Any aquatic pulmonate gastropod belonging to Planorbis, Limnaea, and allied genera; a pond snail.
Water snail	The Archimedean screw.
Water snake	A common North American colubrine snake (Tropidonotus sipedon) which lives chiefly in the water.
Water snake	Any species of snakes of the family Homalopsidae, all of which are aquatic in their habits.
Water-soak	To soak water; to fill the interstices of with water.
Water soldier	An aquatic European plant (Stratiotes aloides) with bayonet-shaped leaves.
Water souchy	A dish consisting of small fish stewed and served in a little water.
Water spaniel	A curly-haired breed of spaniels, naturally very fond of the water.
Water sparrow	The reed warbler.
Water sparrow	The reed bunting.
Water speedwell	A kind of speedwell (Veronica Anagallis) found in wet places in Europe and America.
Water spider	An aquatic European spider (Argyoneta aquatica) which constructs its web beneath the surface of the water on water plants. It lives in a bell-shaped structure of silk, open beneath like a diving bell, and filled with air which the spider carries down in the form of small bubbles attached one at a time to the spinnerets and hind feet. Called also diving spider.
Water spider	A water mite.
Water spider	Any spider that habitually lives on or about the water, especially the large American species (Dolomedes lanceolatus) which runs rapidly on the surface of water; -- called also raft spider.
Water spinner	The water spider.
Waterspout	A remarkable meteorological phenomenon, of the nature of a tornado or whirlwind, usually observed over the sea, but sometimes over the land.
Water sprite	A sprite, or spirit, imagined as inhabiting the water.
Water-standing	Tear-filled.
Water star grass	An aquatic plant (Schollera graminea) with grassy leaves, and yellow star-shaped blossoms.
Water starwort	See under Starwort.
Water supply	A supply of water; specifically, water collected, as in reservoirs, and conveyed, as by pipes, for use in a city, mill, or the like.
Water tabby	A kind of waved or watered tabby.  See Tabby, n., 1.
Water table	A molding, or other projection, in the wall of a building, to throw off the water, -- generally used in the United States for the first table above the surface of the ground (see Table, n., 9), that is, for the table at the top of the foundation and the beginning of the upper wall.
Watertath	A kind of coarse grass growing in wet grounds, and supposed to be injurious to sheep.
Water thermometer	A thermometer filled with water instead of mercury, for ascertaining the precise temperature at which water attains its maximum density. This is about 39 Fahr., or 4 Centigrade; and from that point down to 32 Fahr., or 0 Centigrade, or the freezing point, it expands.
Water thief	A pirate.
Water thrush	A North American bird of the genus Seiurus, belonging to the Warbler family, especially the common species (S. Noveboracensis).
Water thrush	The European water ousel.
Water thrush	The pied wagtail.
Water thyme	See Anacharis.
Water tick	Same as Water mite.
Water tiger	A diving, or water, beetle, especially the larva of a water beetle.  See Illust. b of Water beetle.
Water-tight	So tight as to retain, or not to admit, water; not leaky.
Water torch	The common cat-tail (Typha latifolia), the spike of which makes a good torch soaked in oil.
Water tower	A large metal pipe made to be extended vertically by sections, and used for discharging water upon burning buildings.
Water tree	A climbing shrub (Tetracera alnifolia, / potatoria) of Western Africa, which pours out a watery sap from the freshly cut stems.
Water trefoil	The buck bean.
Water tube	One of a system of tubular excretory organs having external openings, found in many invertebrates. They are believed to be analogous in function to the kidneys of vertebrates.  See Illust. under Trematodea, and Sporocyst.
Water tupelo	A species of large tupelo (Nyssa aquatica) growing in swamps in the southern of the United States.  See Ogeechee lime.
Water turkey	The American snakebird.  See Snakebird.
Water tu tuyere	A tuyere kept cool by water circulating within a casing. It is used for hot blast.
Water tu twist	Yarn made by the throstle, or water frame.
Water vine	Any plant of the genus Phytocrene, climbing shrubs of Asia and Africa, the stems of which are singularly porous, and when cut stream with a limpid potable juice.
Water violet	See under Violet.
Water viper	See Water moccasin.
Water vole	See under Vole.
Water wagtail	See under Wagtail.
Waterway	Heavy plank or timber extending fore and aft the whole length of a vessel's deck at the line of junction with the sides, forming a channel to the scuppers, which are cut through it. In iron vessels the waterway is variously constructed.
Water way	Same as Water course.
Waterweed	See Anacharis.
Water wheel	Any wheel for propelling machinery or for other purposes, that is made to rotate by the direct action of water; -- called an overshot wheel when the water is applied at the top, an undershot wheel when at the bottom, a breast wheel when at an intermediate point; other forms are called reaction wheel, vortex wheel, turbine wheel, etc.
Water wheel	The paddle wheel of a steam vessel.
Water wheel	A wheel for raising water; a noria, or the like.
Water willow	An American aquatic plant (Dianthera Americana) with long willowlike leaves, and spikes of small purplish flowers.
Water wing	One of two walls built on either side of the junction of a bridge with the bank of a river, to protect the abutment of the bridge and the bank from the action of the current.
Water witch	The dabchick.
Water witch	The stormy petrel.
Water-white	A vinelike plant (Vitis Caribaea) growing in parched districts in the West Indies, and containing a great amount of sap which is sometimes used for quenching thirst.
Waterwork	Painting executed in size or distemper, on canvas or walls, -- formerly, frequently taking the place of tapestry.
Waterwork	An hydraulic apparatus, or a system of works or fixtures, by which a supply of water is furnished for useful or ornamental purposes, including dams, sluices, pumps, aqueducts, distributing pipes, fountains, etc.; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Waterworn	Worn, smoothed, or polished by the action of water; as, waterworn stones.
Waterwort	Any plant of the natural order Elatineae, consisting of two genera (Elatine, and Bergia), mostly small annual herbs growing in the edges of ponds. Some have a peppery or acrid taste.
Watery	Of or pertaining to water; consisting of water.
Watery	Abounding with water; wet; hence, tearful.
Watery	Resembling water; thin or transparent, as a liquid; as, watery humors.
Watery	Hence, abounding in thin, tasteless, or insipid fluid; tasteless; insipid; vapid; spiritless.
Watt	A unit of power or activity equal to 107 C.G.S. units of power, or to work done at the rate of one joule a second.  An English horse power is approximately equal to 746 watts.
Wattmeter	An instrument for measuring power in watts, -- much used in measuring the energy of an electric current.
Wattle	A twig or flexible rod; hence, a hurdle made of such rods.
Wattle	A rod laid on a roof to support the thatch.
Wattle	A naked fleshy, and usually wrinkled and highly colored, process of the skin hanging from the chin or throat of a bird or reptile.
Wattle	Barbel of a fish.
Wattle	The astringent bark of several Australian trees of the genus Acacia, used in tanning; -- called also wattle bark.
Wattle	The trees from which the bark is obtained.  See Savanna wattle, under Savanna.
Wattled	of Wattle
Wattling	of Wattle
Wattle	To bind with twigs.
Wattle	To twist or interweave, one with another, as twigs; to form a network with; to plat; as, to wattle branches.
Wattle	To form, by interweaving or platting twigs.
Wattlebird	Any one of several species of honey eaters belonging to Anthochaera and allied genera of the family Meliphagidae.  These birds usually have a large and conspicuous wattle of naked skin hanging down below each ear. They are natives of Australia and adjacent islands.
Wattlebird	The Australian brush turkey.
Wattled	Furnished with wattles, or pendent fleshy processes at the chin or throat.
Wattling	The act or process of binding or platting with twigs; also, the network so formed.
Waucht	Alt. of Waught
Waught	A large draught of any liquid.
Waul	To cry as a cat; to squall; to wail.
Waur	Worse.
Wave	See Waive.
Waved	of Wave
Waving	of Wave
Wave	To play loosely; to move like a wave, one way and the other; to float; to flutter; to undulate.
Wave	To be moved to and fro as a signal.
Wave	To fluctuate; to waver; to be in an unsettled state; to vacillate.
Wave	To move one way and the other; to brandish.
Wave	To raise into inequalities of surface; to give an undulating form a surface to.
Wave	To move like a wave, or by floating; to waft.
Wave	To call attention to, or give a direction or command to, by a waving motion, as of the hand; to signify by waving; to beckon; to signal; to indicate.
Wave	An advancing ridge or swell on the surface of a liquid, as of the sea, resulting from the oscillatory motion of the particles composing it when disturbed by any force their position of rest; an undulation.
Wave	A vibration propagated from particle to particle through a body or elastic medium, as in the transmission of sound; an assemblage of vibrating molecules in all phases of a vibration, with no phase repeated; a wave of vibration; an undulation.  See Undulation.
Wave	Water; a body of water.
Wave	Unevenness; inequality of surface.
Wave	A waving or undulating motion; a signal made with the hand, a flag, etc.
Wave	The undulating line or streak of luster on cloth watered, or calendered, or on damask steel.
Wave	Fig.: A swelling or excitement of thought, feeling, or energy; a tide; as, waves of enthusiasm.
Waved	Exhibiting a wavelike form or outline; undulating; intended; wavy; as, waved edge.
Waved	Having a wavelike appearance; marked with wavelike lines of color; as, waved, or watered, silk.
Waved	Having undulations like waves; -- said of one of the lines in heraldry which serve as outlines to the ordinaries, etc.
Waveless	Free from waves; undisturbed; not agitated; as, the waveless sea.
Wavelet	A little wave; a ripple.
Wavellite	A hydrous phosphate of alumina, occurring usually in hemispherical radiated forms varying in color from white to yellow, green, or black.
Wavered	of Waver
Wavering	of Waver
Waver	To play or move to and fro; to move one way and the other; hence, to totter; to reel; to swing; to flutter.
Waver	To be unsettled in opinion; to vacillate; to be undetermined; to fluctuate; as, to water in judgment.
Waver	A sapling left standing in a fallen wood.
Waverer	One who wavers; one who is unsettled in doctrine, faith, opinion, or the like.
Waveringly	In a wavering manner.
Waveringness	The quality or state of wavering.
Waveson	Goods which, after shipwreck, appear floating on the waves, or sea.
Waveworn	Worn by the waves.
Wavey	The snow goose.
Waviness	The quality or state of being wavy.
Wavure	See Waivure.
Wavy	Rising or swelling in waves; full of waves.
Wavy	Playing to and fro; undulating; as, wavy flames.
Wavy	Undulating on the border or surface; waved.
Wawaskeesh	The wapiti, or wapiti, or American elk.
Wave	Woe.
Wawe	A wave.
Wawl	See Waul.
Waxed	of Wax
Waxed	of Wax
Waxen	of Wax
Waxing	of Wax
Wax	To increase in size; to grow bigger; to become larger or fuller; -- opposed to wane.
Wax	To pass from one state to another; to become; to grow; as, to wax strong; to wax warmer or colder; to wax feeble; to wax old; to wax worse and worse.
Wax	A fatty, solid substance, produced by bees, and employed by them in the construction of their comb; -- usually called beeswax. It is first excreted, from a row of pouches along their sides, in the form of scales, which, being masticated and mixed with saliva, become whitened and tenacious. Its natural color is pale or dull yellow.
Wax	Hence, any substance resembling beeswax in consistency or appearance.
Wax	Cerumen, or earwax.
Wax	A waxlike composition used for uniting surfaces, for excluding air, and for other purposes; as, sealing wax, grafting wax, etching wax, etc.
Wax	A waxlike composition used by shoemakers for rubbing their thread.
Wax	A substance similar to beeswax, secreted by several species of scale insects, as the Chinese wax.  See Wax insect, below.
Wax	A waxlike product secreted by certain plants.  See Vegetable wax, under Vegetable.
Wax	A substance, somewhat resembling wax, found in connection with certain deposits of rock salt and coal; -- called also mineral wax, and ozocerite.
Wax	Thick sirup made by boiling down the sap of the sugar maple, and then cooling.
Waxed	of Wax
Waxing	of Wax
Wax	To smear or rub with wax; to treat with wax; as, to wax a thread or a table.
Waxberry	The wax-covered fruit of the wax myrtle, or bayberry.  See Bayberry, and Candleberry tree.
Waxbill	Any one of numerous species of finchlike birds belonging to Estrelda and allied genera, native of Asia, Africa, and Australia. The bill is large, conical, and usually red in color, resembling sealing wax. Several of the species are often kept as cage birds.
Waxbird	The waxwing.
Waxen	Made of wax.
Waxen	Covered with wax; waxed; as, a waxen tablet.
Waxen	Resembling wax; waxy; hence, soft; yielding.
Waxiness	Quality or state of being waxy.
Waxwing	Any one of several species of small birds of the genus Ampelis, in which some of the secondary quills are usually tipped with small horny ornaments resembling red sealing wax. The Bohemian waxwing (see under Bohemian) and the cedar bird are examples. Called also waxbird.
Waxwork	Work made of wax; especially, a figure or figures formed or partly of wax, in imitation of real beings.
Waxwork	An American climbing shrub (Celastrus scandens). It bears a profusion of yellow berrylike pods, which open in the autumn, and display the scarlet coverings of the seeds.
Waxworker	One who works in wax; one who makes waxwork.
Waxworker	A bee that makes or produces wax.
Waxy	Resembling wax in appearance or consistency; viscid; adhesive; soft; hence, yielding; pliable; impressible.
Way	Away.
Way	That by, upon, or along, which one passes or processes; opportunity or room to pass; place of passing; passage; road, street, track, or path of any kind; as, they built a way to the mine.
Way	Length of space; distance; interval; as, a great way; a long way.
Way	A moving; passage; procession; journey.
Way	Course or direction of motion or process; tendency of action; advance.
Way	The means by which anything is reached, or anything is accomplished; scheme; device; plan.
Way	Manner; method; mode; fashion; style; as, the way of expressing one's ideas.
Way	Regular course; habitual method of life or action; plan of conduct; mode of dealing.
Way	Sphere or scope of observation.
Way	Determined course; resolved mode of action or conduct; as, to have one's way.
Way	Progress; as, a ship has way.
Way	The timbers on which a ship is launched.
Way	The longitudinal guides, or guiding surfaces, on the bed of a planer, lathe, or the like, along which a table or carriage moves.
Way	Right of way.  See below.
Way	To go or travel to; to go in, as a way or path.
Way	To move; to progress; to go.
Waybill	A list of passengers in a public vehicle, or of the baggage or gods transported by a common carrier on a land route. When the goods are transported by water, the list is called a bill of lading.
Waybread	The common dooryard plantain (Plantago major).
Waybung	An Australian insessorial bird (Corcorax melanorhamphus) noted for the curious actions of the male during the breeding season. It is black with a white patch on each wing.
Wayed	Used to the way; broken.
Wayfare	To journey; to travel; to go to and fro.
Wayfare	The act of journeying; travel; passage.
Wayfarer	One who travels; a traveler; a passenger.
Wayfaring	Traveling; passing; being on a journey.
Waygate	The tailrace of a mill.
Way-going	Going away; departing; of or pertaining to one who goes away.
Way-goose	See Wayz-goose, n., 2.
Wayk	Weak.
Waylaid	of Waylay
Waylaying	of Waylay
Waylay	To lie in wait for; to meet or encounter in the way; especially, to watch for the passing of, with a view to seize, rob, or slay; to beset in ambush.
Waylayer	One who waylays another.
Wayless	Having no road or path; pathless.
Wayleway	See Welaway.
Waymaker	One who makes a way; a precursor.
Waymark	A mark to guide in traveling.
Waymented	of Wayment
Waymenting	of Wayment
Wayment	To lament; to grieve; to wail.
Wayment	Grief; lamentation; mourning.
Way shaft	A rock shaft.
Way shaft	An interior shaft, usually one connecting two levels.
-ways	A suffix formed from way by the addition of the adverbial -s (see -wards). It is often used interchangeably with wise; as, endways or endwise; noways or nowise, etc.
Wayside	The side of the way; the edge or border of a road or path.
Wayside	Of or pertaining to the wayside; as, wayside flowers.
Wayward	Taking one's own way; disobedient; froward; perverse; willful.
Way-wise	Skillful in finding the way; well acquainted with the way or route; wise from having traveled.
Waywiser	An instrument for measuring the distance which one has traveled on the road; an odometer, pedometer, or perambulator.
Waywode	Originally, the title of a military commander in various Slavonic countries; afterwards applied to governors of towns or provinces. It was assumed for a time by the rulers of Moldavia and Wallachia, who were afterwards called hospodars, and has also been given to some inferior Turkish officers.
Waywodeship	The office, province, or jurisdiction of a waywode.
Wayworn	Wearied by traveling.
Wayz-goose	A stubble goose.
Wayz-goose	An annual feast of the persons employed in a printing office.
We	The plural nominative case of the pronoun of the first person; the word with which a person in speaking or writing denotes a number or company of which he is one, as the subject of an action expressed by a verb.
Weak	Wanting physical strength.
Weak	Deficient in strength of body; feeble; infirm; sickly; debilitated; enfeebled; exhausted.
Weak	Not able to sustain a great weight, pressure, or strain; as, a weak timber; a weak rope.
Weak	Not firmly united or adhesive; easily broken or separated into pieces; not compact; as, a weak ship.
Weak	Not stiff; pliant; frail; soft; as, the weak stalk of a plant.
Weak	Not able to resist external force or onset; easily subdued or overcome; as, a weak barrier; as, a weak fortress.
Weak	Lacking force of utterance or sound; not sonorous; low; small; feeble; faint.
Weak	Not thoroughly or abundantly impregnated with the usual or required ingredients, or with stimulating and nourishing substances; of less than the usual strength; as, weak tea, broth, or liquor; a weak decoction or solution; a weak dose of medicine.
Weak	Lacking ability for an appropriate function or office; as, weak eyes; a weak stomach; a weak magistrate; a weak regiment, or army.
Weak	Not possessing or manifesting intellectual, logical, moral, or political strength, vigor, etc.
Weak	Feeble of mind; wanting discernment; lacking vigor; spiritless; as, a weak king or magistrate.
Weak	Resulting from, or indicating, lack of judgment, discernment, or firmness; unwise; hence, foolish.
Weak	Not having full confidence or conviction; not decided or confirmed; vacillating; wavering.
Weak	Not able to withstand temptation, urgency, persuasion, etc.; easily impressed, moved, or overcome; accessible; vulnerable; as, weak resolutions; weak virtue.
Weak	Wanting in power to influence or bind; as, weak ties; a weak sense of honor of duty.
Weak	Not having power to convince; not supported by force of reason or truth; unsustained; as, a weak argument or case.
Weak	Wanting in point or vigor of expression; as, a weak sentence; a weak style.
Weak	Not prevalent or effective, or not felt to be prevalent; not potent; feeble.
Weak	Lacking in elements of political strength; not wielding or having authority or energy; deficient in the resources that are essential to a ruler or nation; as, a weak monarch; a weak government or state.
Weak	Tending towards lower prices; as, a weak market.
Weak	Pertaining to, or designating, a verb which forms its preterit (imperfect) and past participle by adding to the present the suffix -ed, -d, or the variant form -t; as in the verbs abash, abashed; abate, abated; deny, denied; feel, felt.  See Strong, 19 (a).
Weak	Pertaining to, or designating, a noun in Anglo-Saxon, etc., the stem of which ends in -n.  See Strong, 19 (b).
Weak	To make or become weak; to weaken.
Weakened	of Weaken
Weakening	of Weaken
Weaken	To make weak; to lessen the strength of; to deprive of strength; to debilitate; to enfeeble; to enervate; as, to weaken the body or the mind; to weaken the hands of a magistrate; to weaken the force of an objection or an argument.
Weaken	To reduce in quality, strength, or spirit; as, to weaken tea; to weaken any solution or decoction.
Weaken	To become weak or weaker; to lose strength, spirit, or determination; to become less positive or resolute; as, the patient weakened; the witness weakened on cross-examination.
Weakener	One who, or that which, weakens.
Weakfish	Any fish of the genus Cynoscion; a squeteague; -- so called from its tender mouth.  See Squeteague.
Weak-hearted	Having little courage; of feeble spirit; dispirited; faint-hearted.
Weakish	Somewhat weak; rather weak.
Weakishness	Quality or state of being weakish.
Weak-kneed	Having weak knees; hence, easily yielding; wanting resolution.
Weakling	A weak or feeble creature.
Weakling	Weak; feeble.
Weakly	In a weak manner; with little strength or vigor; feebly.
Weakly	Not strong of constitution; infirm; feeble; as, a weakly woman; a man of a weakly constitution.
Weak-minded	Having a weak mind, either naturally or by reason of disease; feebleminded; foolish; idiotic.
Weakness	The quality or state of being weak; want of strength or firmness; lack of vigor; want of resolution or of moral strength; feebleness.
Weakness	That which is a mark of lack of strength or resolution; a fault; a defect.
Weal	The mark of a stripe.  See Wale.
Weal	To mark with stripes.  See Wale.
Weal	A sound, healthy, or prosperous state of a person or thing; prosperity; happiness; welfare.
Weal	The body politic; the state; common wealth.
Weal	To promote the weal of; to cause to be prosperous.
Weal-balanced	Balanced or considered with reference to public weal.
Weald	A wood or forest; a wooded land or region; also, an open country; -- often used in place names.
Wealden	Of or pertaining to the lowest division of the Cretaceous formation in England and on the Continent, which overlies the Oolitic series.
Wealden	The Wealden group or strata.
Wealdish	Of or pertaining to a weald, esp. to the weald in the county of Kent, England.
Wealful	Weleful.
Wealsmen	of Wealsman
Wealsman	A statesman; a politician.
Wealth	Weal; welfare; prosperity; good.
Wealth	Large possessions; a comparative abundance of things which are objects of human desire; esp., abundance of worldly estate; affluence; opulence; riches.
Wealthful	Full of wealth; wealthy; prosperous.
Wealthily	In a wealthy manner; richly.
Wealthiness	The quality or state of being wealthy, or rich; richness; opulence.
Wealthy	Having wealth; having large possessions, or larger than most men, as lands, goods, money, or securities; opulent; affluent; rich.
Wealthy	Hence, ample; full; satisfactory; abundant.
Weaned	of Wean
Weaning	of Wean
Wean	To accustom and reconcile, as a child or other young animal, to a want or deprivation of mother's milk; to take from the breast or udder; to cause to cease to depend on the mother nourishment.
Wean	Hence, to detach or alienate the affections of, from any object of desire; to reconcile to the want or loss of anything.
Wean	A weanling; a young child.
Weanedness	Quality or state of being weaned.
Weanel	A weanling.
Weanling	a. & n. from Wean, v.
Weanling	A child or animal newly weaned; a wean.
Weanling	Recently weaned.
Weapon	An instrument of offensive of defensive combat; something to fight with; anything used, or designed to be used, in destroying, defeating, or injuring an enemy, as a gun, a sword, etc.
Weapon	Fig.: The means or instrument with which one contends against another; as, argument was his only weapon.
Weapon	A thorn, prickle, or sting with which many plants are furnished.
Weaponed	Furnished with weapons, or arms; armed; equipped.
Weaponless	Having no weapon.
Weaponry	Weapons, collectively; as, an array of weaponry.
Wear	Same as Weir.
Wear	To cause to go about, as a vessel, by putting the helm up, instead of alee as in tacking, so that the vessel's bow is turned away from, and her stern is presented to, the wind, and, as she turns still farther, her sails fill on the other side; to veer.
Wore	of Wear
Worn	of Wear
Wearing	of Wear
Weared	of Wear
Wear	To carry or bear upon the person; to bear upon one's self, as an article of clothing, decoration, warfare, bondage, etc.; to have appendant to one's body; to have on; as, to wear a coat; to wear a shackle.
Wear	To have or exhibit an appearance of, as an aspect or manner; to bear; as, she wears a smile on her countenance.
Wear	To use up by carrying or having upon one's self; hence, to consume by use; to waste; to use up; as, to wear clothes rapidly.
Wear	To impair, waste, or diminish, by continual attrition, scraping, percussion, on the like; to consume gradually; to cause to lower or disappear; to spend.
Wear	To cause or make by friction or wasting; as, to wear a channel; to wear a hole.
Wear	To form or shape by, or as by, attrition.
Wear	To endure or suffer use; to last under employment; to bear the consequences of use, as waste, consumption, or attrition; as, a coat wears well or ill; -- hence, sometimes applied to character, qualifications, etc.; as, a man wears well as an acquaintance.
Wear	To be wasted, consumed, or diminished, by being used; to suffer injury, loss, or extinction by use or time; to decay, or be spent, gradually.
Wear	The act of wearing, or the state of being worn; consumption by use; diminution by friction; as, the wear of a garment.
Wear	The thing worn; style of dress; the fashion.
Wearable	Capable of being worn; suitable to be worn.
Wearer	One who wears or carries as appendant to the body; as, the wearer of a cloak, a sword, a crown, a shackle, etc.
Wearer	That which wastes or diminishes.
Weariable	That may be wearied.
Weariful	Abounding in qualities which cause weariness; wearisome.
Weariless	Incapable of being wearied.
Wearily	In a weary manner.
Weariness	The quality or state of being weary or tried; lassitude; exhaustion of strength; fatigue.
Wearing	The act of one who wears; the manner in which a thing wears; use; conduct; consumption.
Wearing	That which is worn; clothes; garments.
Wearing	Pertaining to, or designed for, wear; as, wearing apparel.
Wearish	Weak; withered; shrunk.
Wearish	Insipid; tasteless; unsavory.
Wearisome	Causing weariness; tiresome; tedious; weariful; as, a wearisome march; a wearisome day's work; a wearisome book.
Weary	Having the strength exhausted by toil or exertion; worn out in respect to strength, endurance, etc.; tired; fatigued.
Weary	Causing weariness; tiresome.
Weary	Having one's patience, relish, or contentment exhausted; tired; sick; -- with of before the cause; as, weary of marching, or of confinement; weary of study.
Wearied	of Weary
Wearying	of Weary
Weary	To reduce or exhaust the physical strength or endurance of; to tire; to fatigue; as, to weary one's self with labor or traveling.
Weary	To make weary of anything; to exhaust the patience of, as by continuance.
Weary	To harass by anything irksome.
Weary	To grow tired; to become exhausted or impatient; as, to weary of an undertaking.
Weasand	The windpipe; -- called also, formerly, wesil.
Weasel	Any one of various species of small carnivores belonging to the genus Putorius, as the ermine and ferret. They have a slender, elongated body, and are noted for the quickness of their movements and for their bloodthirsty habit in destroying poultry, rats, etc.  The ermine and some other species are brown in summer, and turn white in winter; others are brown at all seasons.
Weasel-faced	Having a thin, sharp face, like a weasel.
Weaser	The American merganser; -- called also weaser sheldrake.
Weasiness	Quality or state of being weasy; full feeding; sensual indulgence.
Weasy	Given to sensual indulgence; gluttonous.
Weather	The state of the air or atmosphere with respect to heat or cold, wetness or dryness, calm or storm, clearness or cloudiness, or any other meteorological phenomena; meteorological condition of the atmosphere; as, warm weather; cold weather; wet weather; dry weather, etc.
Weather	Vicissitude of season; meteorological change; alternation of the state of the air.
Weather	Storm; tempest.
Weather	A light rain; a shower.
Weathered	of Weather
Weathering	of Weather
Weather	To expose to the air; to air; to season by exposure to air.
Weather	Hence, to sustain the trying effect of; to bear up against and overcome; to sustain; to endure; to resist; as, to weather the storm.
Weather	To sail or pass to the windward of; as, to weather a cape; to weather another ship.
Weather	To place (a hawk) unhooded in the open air.
Weather	To undergo or endure the action of the atmosphere; to suffer meteorological influences; sometimes, to wear away, or alter, under atmospheric influences; to suffer waste by weather.
Weather	Being toward the wind, or windward -- opposed to lee; as, weather bow, weather braces, weather gauge, weather lifts, weather quarter, weather shrouds, etc.
Weather-beaten	Beaten or harassed by the weather; worn by exposure to the weather, especially to severe weather.
Weather-bit	A turn of the cable about the end of the windlass, without the bits.
Weatherbit	To take another turn with, as a cable around a windlass.
Weather-bitten	Eaten into, defaced, or worn, by exposure to the weather.
Weatherboard	That side of a vessel which is toward the wind; the windward side.
Weatherboard	A piece of plank placed in a porthole, or other opening, to keep out water.
Weatherboard	A board extending from the ridge to the eaves along the slope of the gable, and forming a close junction between the shingling of a roof and the side of the building beneath.
Weatherboard	A clapboard or feather-edged board used in weatherboarding.
Weather-board	To nail boards upon so as to lap one over another, in order to exclude rain, snow, etc.
Weatherboarding	The covering or siding of a building, formed of boards lapping over one another, to exclude rain, snow, etc.
Weatherboarding	Boards adapted or intended for such use.
Weather-bound	Kept in port or at anchor by storms; delayed by bad weather; as, a weather-bound vessel.
Weathercock	A vane, or weather vane; -- so called because originally often in the figure of a cock, turning on the top of a spire with the wind, and showing its direction.
Weathercock	Hence, any thing or person that turns easily and frequently; one who veers with every change of current opinion; a fickle, inconstant person.
Weathercock	To supply with a weathercock; to serve as a weathercock for.
Weather-driven	Driven by winds or storms; forced by stress of weather.
Weathered	Made sloping, so as to throw off water; as, a weathered cornice or window sill.
Weathered	Having the surface altered in color, texture, or composition, or the edges rounded off by exposure to the elements.
Weather-fend	To defend from the weather; to shelter.
Weatherglass	An instrument to indicate the state of the atmosphere, especially changes of atmospheric pressure, and hence changes of weather, as a barometer or baroscope.
Weathering	The action of the elements on a rock in altering its color, texture, or composition, or in rounding off its edges.
Weatherliness	The quality of being weatherly.
Weatherly	Working, or able to sail, close to the wind; as, a weatherly ship.
Weathermost	Being farthest to the windward.
Weatherproof	Proof against rough weather.
Weatherwise	Skillful in forecasting the changes of the weather.
Weatherwiser	Something that foreshows the weather.
Weatherworn	Worn by the action of, or by exposure to, the weather.
Wove	of Weave
Woven	of Weave
Wove	of Weave
Weaving	of Weave
Weaved	of Weave
Weave	To unite, as threads of any kind, in such a manner as to form a texture; to entwine or interlace into a fabric; as, to weave wool, silk, etc.; hence, to unite by close connection or intermixture; to unite intimately.
Weave	To form, as cloth, by interlacing threads; to compose, as a texture of any kind, by putting together textile materials; as, to weave broadcloth; to weave a carpet; hence, to form into a fabric; to compose; to fabricate; as, to weave the plot of a story.
Weave	To practice weaving; to work with a loom.
Weave	To become woven or interwoven.
Weave	A particular method or pattern of weaving; as, the cassimere weave.
Weaver	One who weaves, or whose occupation is to weave.
Weaver	A weaver bird.
Weaver	An aquatic beetle of the genus Gyrinus.  See Whirling.
Weaverfish	See Weever.
Weaving	The act of one who, or that which, weaves; the act or art of forming cloth in a loom by the union or intertexture of threads.
Weaving	An incessant motion of a horse's head, neck, and body, from side to side, fancied to resemble the motion of a hand weaver in throwing the shuttle.
Weazand	See Weasand.
Weazen	Thin; sharp; withered; wizened; as, a weazen face.
Weazeny	Somewhat weazen; shriveled.
Web	A weaver.
Web	That which is woven; a texture; textile fabric; esp., something woven in a loom.
Web	A whole piece of linen cloth as woven.
Web	The texture of very fine thread spun by a spider for catching insects at its prey; a cobweb.
Web	Fig.: Tissue; texture; complicated fabrication.
Web	A band of webbing used to regulate the extension of the hood.
Web	A thin metal sheet, plate, or strip, as of lead.
Web	The blade of a sword.
Web	The blade of a saw.
Web	The thin, sharp part of a colter.
Web	The bit of a key.
Web	A plate or thin portion, continuous or perforated, connecting stiffening ribs or flanges, or other parts of an object.
Web	The thin vertical plate or portion connecting the upper and lower flanges of an lower flanges of an iron girder, rolled beam, or railroad rail.
Web	A disk or solid construction serving, instead of spokes, for connecting the rim and hub, in some kinds of car wheels, sheaves, etc.
Web	The arm of a crank between the shaft and the wrist.
Web	The part of a blackmith's anvil between the face and the foot.
Web	Pterygium; -- called also webeye.
Web	The membrane which unites the fingers or toes, either at their bases, as in man, or for a greater part of their length, as in many water birds and amphibians.
Web	The series of barbs implanted on each side of the shaft of a feather, whether stiff and united together by barbules, as in ordinary feathers, or soft and separate, as in downy feathers.  See Feather.
Webbed	of Web
Webbing	of Web
Web	To unite or surround with a web, or as if with a web; to envelop; to entangle.
Webbed	Provided with a web.
Webbed	Having the toes united by a membrane, or web; as, the webbed feet of aquatic fowls.
Webber	One who forms webs; a weaver; a webster.
Webbing	A woven band of cotton or flax, used for reins, girths, bed bottoms, etc.
Webby	Of or pertaining to a web or webs; like a web; filled or covered with webs.
Weber	The standard unit of electrical quantity, and also of current.  See Coulomb, and Amp/re.
Webeye	See Web, n., 8.
Web-fingered	Having the fingers united by a web for a considerable part of their length.
Webfeet	of Webfoot
Webfoot	A foot the toes of which are connected by a membrane.
Webfoot	Any web-footed bird.
Web-footed	Having webbed feet; palmiped; as, a goose or a duck is a web-footed fowl.
Webster	A weaver; originally, a female weaver.
Websterite	A hydrous sulphate of alumina occurring in white reniform masses.
Web-toed	Having the toes united by a web for a considerable part of their length.
Webform	Any one of various species of moths whose gregarious larvae eat the leaves of trees, and construct a large web to which they retreat when not feeding.
Wed	A pledge; a pawn.
Wedded	of Wed
Wedded	of Wed
Wed	of Wed
Wedding	of Wed
Wed	To take for husband or for wife by a formal ceremony; to marry; to espouse.
Wed	To join in marriage; to give in wedlock.
Wed	Fig.: To unite as if by the affections or the bond of marriage; to attach firmly or indissolubly.
Wed	To take to one's self and support; to espouse.
Wed	To contact matrimony; to marry.
Weddahs	See Veddahs.
Wedded	Joined in wedlock; married.
Wedded	Of or pertaining to wedlock, or marriage.
Wedder	See Wether.
Wedding	Nuptial ceremony; nuptial festivities; marriage; nuptials.
Weder	Weather.
Wedge	A piece of metal, or other hard material, thick at one end, and tapering to a thin edge at the other, used in splitting wood, rocks, etc., in raising heavy bodies, and the like. It is one of the six elementary machines called the mechanical powers.  See Illust. of Mechanical powers, under Mechanical.
Wedge	A solid of five sides, having a rectangular base, two rectangular or trapezoidal sides meeting in an edge, and two triangular ends.
Wedge	A mass of metal, especially when of a wedgelike form.
Wedge	Anything in the form of a wedge, as a body of troops drawn up in such a form.
Wedge	The person whose name stands lowest on the list of the classical tripos; -- so called after a person (Wedgewood) who occupied this position on the first list of 1828.
Wedged	of Wedge
Wedging	of Wedge
Wedge	To cleave or separate with a wedge or wedges, or as with a wedge; to rive.
Wedge	To force or drive as a wedge is driven.
Wedge	To force by crowding and pushing as a wedge does; as, to wedge one's way.
Wedge	To press closely; to fix, or make fast, in the manner of a wedge that is driven into something.
Wedge	To fasten with a wedge, or with wedges; as, to wedge a scythe on the snath; to wedge a rail or a piece of timber in its place.
Wedge	To cut, as clay, into wedgelike masses, and work by dashing together, in order to expel air bubbles, etc.
Wedgebill	An Australian crested insessorial bird (Sphenostoma cristatum) having a wedge-shaped bill. Its color is dull brown, like the earth of the plains where it lives.
Wedge-formed	Having the form of a wedge; cuneiform.
Wedge-shaped	Having the shape of a wedge; cuneiform.
Wedge-shaped	Broad and truncate at the summit, and tapering down to the base; as, a wedge-shaped leaf.
Wedge-shell	Any one of numerous species of small marine bivalves belonging to Donax and allied genera in which the shell is wedge-shaped.
Wedge-tailed	Having a tail which has the middle pair of feathers longest, the rest successively and decidedly shorter, and all more or less attenuate; -- said of certain birds.  See Illust. of Wood hoopoe, under Wood.
Wedgewise	In the manner of a wedge.
Wedgwood ware	A kind of fine pottery, the most remarkable being what is called jasper, either white, or colored throughout the body, and capable of being molded into the most delicate forms, so that fine and minute bas-reliefs like cameos were made of it, fit even for being set as jewels.
Wedgy	Like a wedge; wedge-shaped.
Wedlock	The ceremony, or the state, of marriage; matrimony.
Wedlock	A wife; a married woman.
Wedlock	To marry; to unite in marriage; to wed.
Wednesday	The fourth day of the week; the next day after Tuesday.
Wee	A little; a bit, as of space, time, or distance.
Wee	Very small; little.
Weech-elm	The wych-elm.
Weed	A garment; clothing; especially, an upper or outer garment.
Weed	An article of dress worn in token of grief; a mourning garment or badge; as, he wore a weed on his hat; especially, in the plural, mourning garb, as of a woman; as, a widow's weeds.
Weed	A sudden illness or relapse, often attended with fever, which attacks women in childbed.
Weed	Underbrush; low shrubs.
Weed	Any plant growing in cultivated ground to the injury of the crop or desired vegetation, or to the disfigurement of the place; an unsightly, useless, or injurious plant.
Weed	Fig.: Something unprofitable or troublesome; anything useless.
Weed	An animal unfit to breed from.
Weed	Tobacco, or a cigar.
Weeded	of Weed
Weeding	of Weed
Weed	To free from noxious plants; to clear of weeds; as, to weed corn or onions; to weed a garden.
Weed	To take away, as noxious plants; to remove, as something hurtful; to extirpate.
Weed	To free from anything hurtful or offensive.
Weed	To reject as unfit for breeding purposes.
Weeder	One who, or that which, weeds, or frees from anything noxious.
Weedery	Weeds, collectively; also, a place full of weeds or for growing weeds.
Weeding	a. & n. from Weed, v.
Weeding-rhim	A kind of implement used for tearing up weeds esp. on summer fallows.
Weedless	Free from weeds or noxious matter.
Weedy	Of or pertaining to weeds; consisting of weeds.
Weedy	Abounding with weeds; as, weedy grounds; a weedy garden; weedy corn.
Weedy	Scraggy; ill-shaped; ungainly; -- said of colts or horses, and also of persons.
Weedy	Dressed in weeds, or mourning garments.
Week	A period of seven days, usually that reckoned from one Sabbath or Sunday to the next.
Weekly	Of or pertaining to a week, or week days; as, weekly labor.
Weekly	Coming, happening, or done once a week; hebdomadary; as, a weekly payment; a weekly gazette.
Weeklies	of Weekly
Weekly	A publication issued once in seven days, or appearing once a week.
Weekly	Once a week; by hebdomadal periods; as, each performs service weekly.
Weekwam	See Wigwam.
Weel	Well.
Weel	A whirlpool.
Weel	Alt. of Weely
Weely	A kind of trap or snare for fish, made of twigs.
Ween	To think; to imagine; to fancy.
Weep	The lapwing; the wipe; -- so called from its cry.
Weep	imp. of Weep, for wept.
Wept	of Weep
Weeping	of Weep
Weep	Formerly, to express sorrow, grief, or anguish, by outcry, or by other manifest signs; in modern use, to show grief or other passions by shedding tears; to shed tears; to cry.
Weep	To lament; to complain.
Weep	To flow in drops; to run in drops.
Weep	To drop water, or the like; to drip; to be soaked.
Weep	To hang the branches, as if in sorrow; to be pendent; to droop; -- said of a plant or its branches.
Weep	To lament; to bewail; to bemoan.
Weep	To shed, or pour forth, as tears; to shed drop by drop, as if tears; as, to weep tears of joy.
Weeper	One who weeps; esp., one who sheds tears.
Weeper	A white band or border worn on the sleeve as a badge of mourning.
Weeper	The capuchin.  See Capuchin, 3 (a).
Weepful	Full of weeping or lamentation; grieving.
Weeping	The act of one who weeps; lamentation with tears; shedding of tears.
Weeping	Grieving; lamenting; shedding tears.
Weeping	Discharging water, or other liquid, in drops or very slowly; surcharged with water.
Weeping	Having slender, pendent branches; -- said of trees; as, weeping willow; a weeping ash.
Weeping	Pertaining to lamentation, or those who weep.
Weepingly	In a weeping manner.
Weeping-ripe	Ripe for weeping; ready to weep.
Weerish	See Wearish.
Weesel	See Weasel.
Weet	Wet.
Wot	of Weet
Weet	To know; to wit.
Weet-bird	The wryneck; -- so called from its cry.
Weetingly	Knowingly.
Weetless	Unknowing; also, unknown; unmeaning.
Weet-weet	The common European sandpiper.
Weet-weet	The chaffinch.
Weever	Any one of several species of edible marine fishes belonging to the genus Trachinus, of the family Trachinidae. They have a broad spinose head, with the eyes looking upward. The long dorsal fin is supported by numerous strong, sharp spines which cause painful wounds.
Weevil	Any one of numerous species of snout beetles, or Rhynchophora, in which the head is elongated and usually curved downward. Many of the species are very injurious to cultivated plants. The larvae of some of the species live in nuts, fruit, and grain by eating out the interior, as the plum weevil, or curculio, the nut weevils, and the grain weevil (see under Plum, Nut, and Grain). The larvae of other species bore under the bark and into the pith of trees and various other plants, as the pine weevils (see under Pine).  See also Pea weevil, Rice weevil, Seed weevil, under Pea, Rice, and Seed.
Weeviled	Infested by weevils; as, weeviled grain.
Weevily	Having weevils; weeviled.
Weezel	See Weasel.
Weft	imp. & p. p. of Wave.
Weft	A thing waved, waived, or cast away; a waif.
Weft	The woof of cloth; the threads that cross the warp from selvage to selvage; the thread carried by the shuttle in weaving.
Weft	A web; a thing woven.
Weftage	Texture.
Wegotism	Excessive use of the pronoun we; -- called also weism.
Wehrgeld	Alt. of Wehrgelt
Wehrgelt	See Weregild.
Wehrwolf	See Werewolf.
Weigela	Alt. of Weigelia
Weigelia	A hardy garden shrub (Diervilla Japonica) belonging to the Honeysuckle family, with white or red flowers. It was introduced from China.
Weigh	A corruption of Way, used only in the phrase under weigh.
Weighed	of Weigh
Weighing	of Weigh
Weigh	To bear up; to raise; to lift into the air; to swing up; as, to weigh anchor.
Weigh	To examine by the balance; to ascertain the weight of, that is, the force with which a thing tends to the center of the earth; to determine the heaviness, or quantity of matter of; as, to weigh sugar; to weigh gold.
Weigh	To be equivalent to in weight; to counterbalance; to have the heaviness of.
Weigh	To pay, allot, take, or give by weight.
Weigh	To examine or test as if by the balance; to ponder in the mind; to consider or examine for the purpose of forming an opinion or coming to a conclusion; to estimate deliberately and maturely; to balance.
Weigh	To consider as worthy of notice; to regard.
Weigh	To have weight; to be heavy.
Weigh	To be considered as important; to have weight in the intellectual balance.
Weigh	To bear heavily; to press hard.
Weigh	To judge; to estimate.
Weigh	A certain quantity estimated by weight; an English measure of weight.  See Wey.
Weighable	Capable of being weighed.
Weighage	A duty or toil paid for weighing merchandise.
Weighbeam	A kind of large steelyard for weighing merchandise; -- also called weighmaster's beam.
Weighboard	Clay intersecting a vein.
Weighbridge	A weighing machine on which loaded carts may be weighed; platform scales.
Weigher	One who weighs; specifically, an officer whose duty it is to weigh commodities.
Weigh-houses	of Weigh-house
Weigh-house	A building at or within which goods, and the like, are weighed.
Weighing	a. & n. from Weigh, v.
Weighlock	A lock, as on a canal, in which boats are weighed and their tonnage is settled.
Weighmaster	One whose business it is to weigh ore, hay, merchandise, etc.; one licensed as a public weigher.
Weight	The quality of being heavy; that property of bodies by which they tend toward the center of the earth; the effect of gravitative force, especially when expressed in certain units or standards, as pounds, grams, etc.
Weight	The quantity of heaviness; comparative tendency to the center of the earth; the quantity of matter as estimated by the balance, or expressed numerically with reference to some standard unit; as, a mass of stone having the weight of five hundred pounds.
Weight	Hence, pressure; burden; as, the weight of care or business.
Weight	Importance; power; influence; efficacy; consequence; moment; impressiveness; as, a consideration of vast weight.
Weight	A scale, or graduated standard, of heaviness; a mode of estimating weight; as, avoirdupois weight; troy weight; apothecaries' weight.
Weight	A ponderous mass; something heavy; as, a clock weight; a paper weight.
Weight	A definite mass of iron, lead, brass, or other metal, to be used for ascertaining the weight of other bodies; as, an ounce weight.
Weight	The resistance against which a machine acts, as opposed to the power which moves it.
Weighted	of Weight
Weighting	of Weight
Weight	To load with a weight or weights; to load down; to make heavy; to attach weights to; as, to weight a horse or a jockey at a race; to weight a whip handle.
Weight	To assign a weight to; to express by a number the probable accuracy of, as an observation.  See Weight of observations, under Weight.
Weightily	In a weighty manner.
Weightiness	The quality or state of being weighty; weight; force; importance; impressiveness.
Weightless	Having no weight; imponderable; hence, light.
Weighty	Having weight; heavy; ponderous; as, a weighty body.
Weighty	Adapted to turn the balance in the mind, or to convince; important; forcible; serious; momentous.
Weighty	Rigorous; severe; afflictive.
Weir	Alt. of Wear
Wear	A dam in a river to stop and raise the water, for the purpose of conducting it to a mill, forming a fish pond, or the like.
Wear	A fence of stakes, brushwood, or the like, set in a stream, tideway, or inlet of the sea, for taking fish.
Wear	A long notch with a horizontal edge, as in the top of a vertical plate or plank, through which water flows, -- used in measuring the quantity of flowing water.
Weird	Fate; destiny; one of the Fates, or Norns; also, a prediction.
Weird	A spell or charm.
Weird	Of or pertaining to fate; concerned with destiny.
Weird	Of or pertaining to witchcraft; caused by, or suggesting, magical influence; supernatural; unearthly; wild; as, a weird appearance, look, sound, etc.
Weird	To foretell the fate of; to predict; to destine to.
Weirdness	The quality or state of being weird.
Weism	Same as Wegotism.
Weive	See Waive.
Weka	A New Zealand rail (Ocydromus australis) which has wings so short as to be incapable of flight.
Wekau	A small New Zealand owl (Sceloglaux albifacies). It has short wings and long legs, and lives chiefly on the ground.
Wekeen	The meadow pipit.
Welaway	Alas!
Wel-begone	Surrounded with happiness or prosperity.
Welch	See Welsh.
Welcher	See Welsher.
Welchman	See Welshman.
Welcome	Received with gladness; admitted willingly to the house, entertainment, or company; as, a welcome visitor.
Welcome	Producing gladness; grateful; as, a welcome present; welcome news.
Welcome	Free to have or enjoy gratuitously; as, you are welcome to the use of my library.
Welcome	Salutation to a newcomer.
Welcome	Kind reception of a guest or newcomer; as, we entered the house and found a ready welcome.
Welcomed	of Welcome
Welcoming	of Welcome
Welcome	To salute with kindness, as a newcomer; to receive and entertain hospitably and cheerfully; as, to welcome a visitor; to welcome a new idea.
Welcomely	In a welcome manner.
Welcomeness	The quality or state of being welcome; gratefulness; agreeableness; kind reception.
Welcomer	One who welcomes; one who salutes, or receives kindly, a newcomer.
Weld	To wield.
Weld	An herb (Reseda luteola) related to mignonette, growing in Europe, and to some extent in America; dyer's broom; dyer's rocket; dyer's weed; wild woad. It is used by dyers to give a yellow color.
Weld	Coloring matter or dye extracted from this plant.
Welded	of Weld
Welding	of Weld
Weld	To press or beat into intimate and permanent union, as two pieces of iron when heated almost to fusion.
Weld	Fig.: To unite closely or intimately.
Weld	The state of being welded; the joint made by welding.
Weldable	Capable of being welded.
Welder	One who welds, or unites pieces of iron, etc., by welding.
Welder	One who welds, or wields.
Welder	A manager; an actual occupant.
Weldon's process	A process for the recovery or regeneration of manganese dioxide in the manufacture of chlorine, by means of milk of lime and the oxygen of the air; -- so called after the inventor.
Wele	Prosperity; happiness; well-being; weal.
Weleful	Producing prosperity or happiness; blessed.
Welew	To welk, or wither.
Welfare	Well-doing or well-being in any respect; the enjoyment of health and the common blessings of life; exemption from any evil or calamity; prosperity; happiness.
Welfaring	Faring well; prosperous; thriving.
Welked	of Welk
Welking	of Welk
Welk	To wither; to fade; also, to decay; to decline; to wane.
Welk	To cause to wither; to wilt.
Welk	To contract; to shorten.
Welk	To soak; also, to beat severely.
Welk	A pustule.  See 2d Whelk.
Welk	A whelk.
Welked	See Whelked.
Welkin	The visible regions of the air; the vault of heaven; the sky.
Well	An issue of water from the earth; a spring; a fountain.
Well	A pit or hole sunk into the earth to such a depth as to reach a supply of water, generally of a cylindrical form, and often walled with stone or bricks to prevent the earth from caving in.
Well	A shaft made in the earth to obtain oil or brine.
Well	Fig.: A source of supply; fountain; wellspring.
Well	An inclosure in the middle of a vessel's hold, around the pumps, from the bottom to the lower deck, to preserve the pumps from damage and facilitate their inspection.
Well	A compartment in the middle of the hold of a fishing vessel, made tight at the sides, but having holes perforated in the bottom to let in water for the preservation of fish alive while they are transported to market.
Well	A vertical passage in the stern into which an auxiliary screw propeller may be drawn up out of water.
Well	A depressed space in the after part of the deck; -- often called the cockpit.
Well	A hole or excavation in the earth, in mining, from which run branches or galleries.
Well	An opening through the floors of a building, as for a staircase or an elevator; a wellhole.
Well	The lower part of a furnace, into which the metal falls.
Welled	of Well
Welling	of Well
Well	To issue forth, as water from the earth; to flow; to spring.
Well	To pour forth, as from a well.
Well	In a good or proper manner; justly; rightly; not ill or wickedly.
Well	Suitably to one's condition, to the occasion, or to a proposed end or use; suitably; abundantly; fully; adequately; thoroughly.
Well	Fully or about; -- used with numbers.
Well	In such manner as is desirable; so as one could wish; satisfactorily; favorably; advantageously; conveniently.
Well	Considerably; not a little; far.
Well	Good in condition or circumstances; desirable, either in a natural or moral sense; fortunate; convenient; advantageous; happy; as, it is well for the country that the crops did not fail; it is well that the mistake was discovered.
Well	Being in health; sound in body; not ailing, diseased, or sick; healthy; as, a well man; the patient is perfectly well.
Well	Being in favor; favored; fortunate.
Well	Safe; as, a chip warranted well at a certain day and place.
Welladay	Alas! Welaway!
Wellat	The king parrakeet See under King.
Well-being	The state or condition of being well; welfare; happiness; prosperity; as, virtue is essential to the well-being of men or of society.
Well-born	Born of a noble or respect able family; not of mean birth.
Well-bred	Having good breeding; refined in manners; polite; cultivated.
Welldoer	One who does well; one who does good to another; a benefactor.
Welldoing	A doing well; right performance of duties. Also used adjectively.
Welldrained	of Welldrain
Well-draining	of Welldrain
Welldrain	To drain, as land; by means of wells, or pits, which receive the water, and from which it is discharged by machinery.
Wellfare	See Welfare.
Well-favored	Handsome; wellformed; beautiful; pleasing to the eye.
Wellhead	A source, spring, or fountain.
Wellhole	The open space in a floor, to accommodate a staircase.
Wellhole	The open space left beyond the ends of the steps of a staircase.
Wellhole	A cavity which receives a counterbalancing weight in certain mechanical contrivances, and is adapted also for other purposes.
Well-informed	Correctly informed; provided with information; well furnished with authentic knowledge; intelligent.
Wellingtonia	A name given to the "big trees" (Sequoia gigantea) of California, and still used in England.  See Sequoia.
Wellingtons	A kind of long boots for men.
Well-intentioned	Having upright intentions or honorable purposes.
Well-known	Fully known; generally known or acknowledged.
Well-liking	Being in good condition.
Well-mannered	Polite; well-bred; complaisant; courteous.
Well-meaner	One whose intention is good.
Well-meaning	Having a good intention.
Well-natured	Good-natured; kind.
Well-nigh	Almost; nearly.
Well-plighted	Being well folded.
Well-read	Of extensive reading; deeply versed; -- often followed by in.
Well-seen	Having seen much; hence, accomplished; experienced.
Well-set	Properly or firmly set.
Well-set	Well put together; having symmetry of parts.
Well-sped	Having good success.
Well-spoken	Speaking well; speaking with fitness or grace; speaking kindly.
Well-spoken	Spoken with propriety; as, well-spoken words.
Wellspring	A fountain; a spring; a source of continual supply.
Well-willer	One who wishes well, or means kindly.
Well-wish	A wish of happiness.
Wellwisher	One who wishes another well; one who is benevolently or friendlily inclined.
We'll	Contraction for we will or we shall.
Wels	The sheatfish; -- called also waller.
Welsh	Of or pertaining to Wales, or its inhabitants.
Welsh	The language of Wales, or of the Welsh people.
Welsh	The natives or inhabitants of Wales.
Welsher	One who cheats at a horse race; one who bets, without a chance of being able to pay; one who receives money to back certain horses and absconds with it.
Welshmen	of Welshman
Welshman	A native or inhabitant of Wales; one of the Welsh.
Welshman	A squirrel fish.
Welshman	The large-mouthed black bass.  See Black bass.
Welsome	Prosperous; well.
Welt	That which, being sewed or otherwise fastened to an edge or border, serves to guard, strengthen, or adorn it
Welt	 A small cord covered with cloth and sewed on a seam or border to strengthen it; an edge of cloth folded on itself, usually over a cord, and sewed down.
Welt	A hem, border, or fringe.
Welt	In shoemaking, a narrow strip of leather around a shoe, between the upper leather and sole.
Welt	In steam boilers and sheet-iron work, a strip riveted upon the edges of plates that form a butt joint.
Welt	In carpentry, a strip of wood fastened over a flush seam or joint, or an angle, to strengthen it.
Welt	In machine-made stockings, a strip, or flap, of which the heel is formed.
Welt	A narrow border, as of an ordinary, but not extending around the ends.
Welted	of Welt
Welting	of Welt
Welt	To furnish with a welt; to sew or fasten a welt on; as, to welt a boot or a shoe; to welt a sleeve.
Welt	To wilt.
Welte	imp. of Weld, to wield.
Weltered	of Welter
Weltering	of Welter
Welter	To roll, as the body of an animal; to tumble about, especially in anything foul or defiling; to wallow.
Welter	To rise and fall, as waves; to tumble over, as billows.
Welter	To wither; to wilt.
Welter	Of, pertaining to, or designating, the most heavily weighted race in a meeting; as, a welter race; the welter stakes.
Welter	That in which any person or thing welters, or wallows; filth; mire; slough.
Welter	A rising or falling, as of waves; as, the welter of the billows; the welter of a tempest.
Welwitschia	An African plant (Welwitschia mirabilis) belonging to the order Gnetaceae. It consists of a short, woody, topshaped stem, and never more than two leaves, which are the cotyledons enormously developed, and at length split into diverging segments.
Wem	The abdomen; the uterus; the womb.
Wem	Spot; blemish; harm; hurt.
Wem	To stain; to blemish; to harm; to corrupt.
Wemless	Having no wem, or blemish; spotless.
Wem	An indolent, encysted tumor of the skin; especially, a sebaceous cyst.
Wench	A young woman; a girl; a maiden.
Wench	A low, vicious young woman; a drab; a strumpet.
Wench	A colored woman; a negress.
Wenched	of Wench
Wenching	of Wench
Wench	To frequent the company of wenches, or women of ill fame.
Wencher	One who wenches; a lewd man.
Wenchless	Being without a wench.
Wend	p. p. of Wene.
Wended	of Wend
Went	of Wend
Wending	of Wend
Wend	To go; to pass; to betake one's self.
Wend	To turn round.
Wend	To direct; to betake; -- used chiefly in the phrase to wend one's way. Also used reflexively.
Wend	A large extent of ground; a perambulation; a circuit.
Wende	imp. of Wene.
Wendic	Alt. of Wendish
Wendish	Of or pertaining the Wends, or their language.
Wendic	The language of the Wends.
Wends	A Slavic tribe which once occupied the northern and eastern parts of Germany, of which a small remnant exists.
Wene	To ween.
Wenlock group	The middle subdivision of the Upper Silurian in Great Britain; -- so named from the typical locality in Shropshire.
Wennel	See Weanel.
Wennish	Alt. of Wenny
Wenny	Having the nature of a wen; resembling a wen; as, a wennish excrescence.
Wenona	A sand snake (Charina plumbea) of Western North America, of the family Erycidae.
Went	imp. & p. p. of Wend; -- now obsolete except as the imperfect of go, with which it has no etymological connection.  See Go.
Went	Course; way; path; journey; direction.
Wentletrap	Any one of numerous species of elegant, usually white, marine shells of the genus Scalaria, especially Scalaria pretiosa, which was formerly highly valued; -- called also staircase shell.  See Scalaria.
Wep	imp. of Weep.
Wepen	Weapon.
Wept	imp. & p. p. of Weep.
Werche	To work.
Were	To wear.  See 3d Wear.
Were	A weir.  See Weir.
Were	To guard; to protect.
Were	The imperfect indicative plural, and imperfect subjunctive singular and plural, of the verb be.  See Be.
Were	A man.
Were	A fine for slaying a man; the money value set upon a man's life; weregild.
Weregild	The price of a man's head; a compensation paid of a man killed, partly to the king for the loss of a subject, partly to the lord of a vassal, and partly to the next of kin. It was paid by the murderer.
Werewolves	of Werewolf
Werewolf	A person transformed into a wolf in form and appetite, either temporarily or permanently, whether by supernatural influences, by witchcraft, or voluntarily; a lycanthrope. Belief in werewolves, formerly general, is not now extinct.
Werk	Alt. of Werke
Werke	See Work.
Wern	To refuse.
Wernerian	Of or pertaining to A. G. Werner, The German mineralogist and geologist, who classified minerals according to their external characters, and advocated the theory that the strata of the earth's crust were formed by depositions from water; designating, or according to, Werner's system.
Wernerite	The common grayish or white variety of soapolite.
Weroole	An Australian lorikeet (Ptilosclera versicolor) noted for the variety of its colors; -- called also varied lorikeet.
Werre	War.
Werrey	To warray.
Werst	See Verst.
Wert	The second person singular, indicative and subjunctive moods, imperfect tense, of the verb be. It is formed from were, with the ending -t, after the analogy of wast. Now used only in solemn or poetic style.
Wert	A wart.
Weryangle	See Wariangle.
Wesand	See Weasand.
Wesh	Washed.
Wesil	See Weasand.
Wesleyan	Of or pertaining to Wesley or Wesleyanism.
Wesleyan	One who adopts the principles of Wesleyanism; a Methodist.
Wesleyanism	The system of doctrines and church polity inculcated by John Wesley (b. 1703; d. 1791), the founder of the religious sect called Methodist; Methodism.  See Methodist, n., 2.
West	The point in the heavens where the sun is seen to set at the equinox; or, the corresponding point on the earth; that one of the four cardinal points of the compass which is in a direction at right angles to that of north and south, and on the left hand of a person facing north; the point directly opposite to east.
West	A country, or region of country, which, with regard to some other country or region, is situated in the direction toward the west.
West	The Westen hemisphere, or the New World so called, it having been discovered by sailing westward from Europe; the Occident.
West	Formerly, that part of the  United States west of the Alleghany mountains; now, commonly, the whole region west of the Mississippi river; esp., that part which is north of the Indian Territory, New Mexico, etc. Usually with the definite article.
West	Lying toward the west; situated at the west, or in a western direction from the point of observation or reckoning; proceeding toward the west, or coming from the west; as, a west course is one toward the west; an east and west line; a west wind blows from the west.
West	Westward.
West	To pass to the west; to set, as the sun.
West	To turn or move toward the west; to veer from the north or south toward the west.
Westering	Passing to the west.
Westerly	Of or pertaining to the west; toward the west; coming from the west; western.
Westerly	Toward the west; westward.
Western	Of or pertaining to the west; situated in the west, or in the region nearly in the direction of west; being in that quarter where the sun sets; as, the western shore of France; the western ocean.
Western	Moving toward the west; as, a ship makes a western course; coming from the west; as, a western breeze.
Westerner	A native or inhabitant of the west.
Westernmost	Situated the farthest towards the west; most western.
West India	Alt. of West Indian
West Indian	Belonging or relating to the West Indies.
West Indian	A native of, or a dweller in, the West Indies.
Westing	The distance, reckoned toward the west, between the two meridians passing through the extremities of a course, or portion of a ship's path; the departure of a course which lies to the west of north.
Westling	A westerner.
Westminster Assembly	See under Assembly.
Westmost	Lying farthest to the west; westernmost.
Westward	Alt. of Westwards
Westwards	Toward the west; as, to ride or sail westward.
Westward	Lying toward the west.
Westward	The western region or countries; the west.
Westwardly	In a westward direction.
Westy	Dizzy; giddy.
Wet	Containing, or consisting of, water or other liquid; moist; soaked with a liquid; having water or other liquid upon the surface; as, wet land; a wet cloth; a wet table.
Wet	Very damp; rainy; as, wet weather; a wet season.
Wet	Employing, or done by means of, water or some other liquid; as, the wet extraction of copper, in distinction from dry extraction in which dry heat or fusion is employed.
Wet	Refreshed with liquor; drunk.
Wet	Water or wetness; moisture or humidity in considerable degree.
Wet	Rainy weather; foggy or misty weather.
Wet	A dram; a drink.
Wet	of Wet
Wetted	of Wet
Wetting	of Wet
Wet	To fill or moisten with water or other liquid; to sprinkle; to cause to have water or other fluid adherent to the surface; to dip or soak in a liquid; as, to wet a sponge; to wet the hands; to wet cloth.
Wetbird	The chaffinch, whose cry is thought to foretell rain.
Wether	A castrated ram.
Westness	The quality or state of being wet; moisture; humidity; as, the wetness of land; the wetness of a cloth.
Westness	A watery or moist state of the atmosphere; a state of being rainy, foggy, or misty; as, the wetness of weather or the season.
Wet nurse	A nurse who suckles a child, especially the child of another woman.  Cf. Dry nurse.
Wet-shod	Having the feet, or the shoes on the feet, wet.
Wettish	Somewhat wet; moist; humid.
Wevil	See Weevil.
Wex	To grow; to wax.
Wex	Waxed.
Wex	Wax.
Wey	Way; road; path.
Wey	To weigh.
Wey	A certain measure of weight.
Weyle	To wail.
Weyleway	See Welaway.
Weyve	To waive.
Wezand	See Weasand.
Whaap	The European curlew; -- called also awp, whaup, great whaup, and stock whaup.
Whaap	The whimbrel; -- called also May whaup, little whaup, and tang whaup.
Whacked	of Whack
Whacking	of Whack
Whack	To strike; to beat; to give a heavy or resounding blow to; to thrash; to make with whacks.
Whack	To strike anything with a smart blow.
Whack	A smart resounding blow.
Whacker	One who whacks.
Whacker	Anything very large; specif., a great lie; a whapper.
Whacking	Very large; whapping.
Whahoo	An American tree, the winged elm. (Ulmus alata).
Whaled	of Whala
Whaling	of Whala
Whala	To lash with stripes; to wale; to thrash; to drub.
Whale	Any aquatic mammal of the order Cetacea, especially any one of the large species, some of which become nearly one hundred feet long. Whales are hunted chiefly for their oil and baleen, or whalebone.
Whaleboat	A long, narrow boat, sharp at both ends, used by whalemen.
Whalebone	A firm, elastic substance resembling horn, taken from the upper jaw of the right whale; baleen. It is used as a stiffening in stays, fans, screens, and for various other purposes.  See Baleen.
Whalemen	of Whaleman
Whaleman	A man employed in the whale fishery.
Whaler	A vessel or person employed in the whale fishery.
Whaler	One who whales, or beats; a big, strong fellow; hence, anything of great or unusual size.
Whaling	The hunting of whales.
Whaling	Pertaining to, or employed in, the pursuit of whales; as, a whaling voyage; a whaling vessel.
Whall	A light color of the iris in horses; wall-eye.
Whally	Having the iris of light color; -- said of horses.
Whame	A breeze fly.
Whammel	To turn over.
Whan	When.
Whang	A leather thong.
Whang	To beat.
Whanghee	See Wanghee.
Whap	Alt. of Whop
Whop	To throw one's self quickly, or by an abrupt motion; to turn suddenly; as, she whapped down on the floor; the fish whapped over.
Whapped	of Whop
Whapping	of Whop
Whap	Alt. of Whop
Whop	To beat or strike.
Whap	Alt. of Whop
Whop	A blow, or quick, smart stroke.
Whapper	Alt. of Whopper
Whopper	Something uncommonly large of the kind; something astonishing; -- applied especially to a bold lie.
Whapping	Alt. of Whopping
Whopping	Very large; monstrous; astonishing; as, a whapping story.
Wharfs	of Wharf
Wharves	of Wharf
Wharf	A structure or platform of timber, masonry, iron, earth, or other material, built on the shore of a harbor, river, canal, or the like, and usually extending from the shore to deep water, so that vessels may lie close alongside to receive and discharge cargo, passengers, etc.; a quay; a pier.
Wharf	The bank of a river, or the shore of the sea.
Wharfed	of Wharf
Wharfing	of Wharf
Wharf	To guard or secure by a firm wall of timber or stone constructed like a wharf; to furnish with a wharf or wharfs.
Wharf	To place upon a wharf; to bring to a wharf.
Wharfage	The fee or duty paid for the privilege of using a wharf for loading or unloading goods; pierage, collectively; quayage.
Wharfage	A wharf or wharfs, collectively; wharfing.
Wharfing	Wharfs, collectively.
Wharfing	A mode of facing sea walls and embankments with planks driven as piles and secured by ties.
Wharfinger	A man who owns, or has the care of, a wharf.
Wharl	Alt. of Wharling
Wharling	A guttural pronunciation of the letter r; a burr.  See Burr, n., 6.
Wharp	A kind of fine sand from the banks of the Trent, used as a polishing powder.
What	As an interrogative pronoun, used in asking questions regarding either persons or things; as, what is this? what did you say? what poem is this? what child is lost?
What	As an exclamatory word: -- (a) Used absolutely or independently; -- often with a question following.
What	Used adjectively, meaning how remarkable, or how great; as, what folly! what eloquence! what courage!
What	Sometimes prefixed to adjectives in an adverbial sense, as nearly equivalent to how; as, what happy boys!
What	As a relative pronoun
What	Used substantively with the antecedent suppressed, equivalent to that which, or those [persons] who, or those [things] which; -- called a compound relative.
What	Used adjectively, equivalent to the . . . which; the sort or kind of . . . which; rarely, the . . . on, or at, which.
What	Used adverbially in a sense corresponding to the adjectival use; as, he picked what good fruit he saw.
What	Whatever; whatsoever; what thing soever; -- used indefinitely.
What	Used adverbially, in part; partly; somewhat; -- with a following preposition, especially, with, and commonly with repetition.
What	Something; thing; stuff.
What	Why? For what purpose? On what account?
Whate'er	A contraction of what-ever; -- used in poetry.
Whatever	Anything soever which; the thing or things of any kind; being this or that; of one nature or another; one thing or another; anything that may be; all that; the whole that; all particulars that; -- used both substantively and adjectively.
Whatnot	A kind of stand, or piece of furniture, having shelves for books, ornaments, etc.; an etagere.
Whatso	Whatsoever; whosoever; whatever; anything that.
Whatsoe'er	A contraction of whatsoever; -- used in poetry.
Whatsoever	Whatever.
Whaul	Same as Whall.
Whaup	See Whaap.
Wheal	A pustule; a whelk.
Wheal	A more or less elongated mark raised by a stroke; also, a similar mark made by any cause; a weal; a wale.
Wheal	Specifically (Med.), a flat, burning or itching eminence on the skin, such as is produced by a mosquito bite, or in urticaria.
Wheal	A mine.
Whealworm	The harvest mite; -- so called from the wheals, caused by its bite.
Wheat	A cereal grass (Triticum vulgare) and its grain, which furnishes a white flour for bread, and, next to rice, is the grain most largely used by the human race.
Wheatbird	A bird that feeds on wheat, especially the chaffinch.
Wheatear	A small European singing bird (Saxicola /nanthe). The male is white beneath, bluish gray above, with black wings and a black stripe through each eye. The tail is black at the tip and in the middle, but white at the base and on each side. Called also checkbird, chickell, dykehopper, fallow chat, fallow finch, stonechat, and whitetail.
Wheaten	Made of wheat; as, wheaten bread.
Wheatsel bird	The male of the chaffinch.
Wheatstone's bridge	See under Bridge.
Wheatworm	A small nematode worm (Anguillula tritici) which attacks the grains of wheat in the ear. It is found in wheat affected with smut, each of the diseased grains containing a large number of the minute young of the worm.
Wheder	Whether.
Wheedled	of Wheedle
Wheedling	of Wheedle
Wheedle	To entice by soft words; to cajole; to flatter; to coax.
Wheedle	To grain, or get away, by flattery.
Wheedle	To flatter; to coax; to cajole.
Wheel	A circular frame turning about an axis; a rotating disk, whether solid, or a frame composed of an outer rim, spokes or radii, and a central hub or nave, in which is inserted the axle, -- used for supporting and conveying vehicles, in machinery, and for various purposes; as, the wheel of a wagon, of a locomotive, of a mill, of a watch, etc.
Wheel	Any instrument having the form of, or chiefly consisting of, a wheel.
Wheel	A spinning wheel.  See under Spinning.
Wheel	An instrument of torture formerly used.
Wheel	A circular frame having handles on the periphery, and an axle which is so connected with the tiller as to form a means of controlling the rudder for the purpose of steering.
Wheel	A potter's wheel.  See under Potter.
Wheel	A firework which, while burning, is caused to revolve on an axis by the reaction of the escaping gases.
Wheel	The burden or refrain of a song.
Wheel	A bicycle or a tricycle; a velocipede.
Wheel	A rolling or revolving body; anything of a circular form; a disk; an orb.
Wheel	A turn revolution; rotation; compass.
Wheeled	of Wheel
Wheeling	of Wheel
Wheel	To convey on wheels, or in a wheeled vehicle; as, to wheel a load of hay or wood.
Wheel	To put into a rotatory motion; to cause to turn or revolve; to cause to gyrate; to make or perform in a circle.
Wheel	To turn on an axis, or as on an axis; to revolve; to more about; to rotate; to gyrate.
Wheel	To change direction, as if revolving upon an axis or pivot; to turn; as, the troops wheeled to the right.
Wheel	To go round in a circuit; to fetch a compass.
Wheel	To roll forward.
Wheelband	The tire of a wheel.
Wheelbarrow	A light vehicle for conveying small loads. It has two handles and one wheel, and is rolled by a single person.
Wheelbird	The European goatsucker.
Wheeled	Having wheels; -- used chiefly in composition; as, a four-wheeled carriage.
Wheeler	One who wheels, or turns.
Wheeler	A maker of wheels; a wheelwright.
Wheeler	A wheel horse.  See under Wheel.
Wheeler	A steam vessel propelled by a paddle wheel or by paddle wheels; -- used chiefly in the terms side-wheeler and stern-wheeler.
Wheeler	A worker on sewed muslin.
Wheeler	The European goatsucker.
Wheelhouse	A small house on or above a vessel's deck, containing the steering wheel.
Wheelhouse	 A paddle box.  See under Paddle.
Wheeling	The act of conveying anything, or traveling, on wheels, or in a wheeled vehicle.
Wheeling	The act or practice of using a cycle; cycling.
Wheeling	Condition of a road or roads, which admits of passing on wheels; as, it is good wheeling, or bad wheeling.
Wheeling	A turning, or circular movement.
Wheelmen	of Wheelman
Wheelman	One who rides a bicycle or tricycle; a cycler, or cyclist.
Wheel-shaped	Shaped like a wheel.
Wheel-shaped	Expanding into a flat, circular border at top, with scarcely any tube; as, a wheel-shaped corolla.
Wheelswarf	See Swarf.
Wheelwork	A combination of wheels, and their connection, in a machine or mechanism.
Wheel-worn	Worn by the action of wheels; as, a wheel-worn road.
Wheelwright	A man whose occupation is to make or repair wheels and wheeled vehicles, as carts, wagons, and the like.
Wheely	Circular; suitable to rotation.
Wheen	A quantity; a goodly number.
Wheezed	of Wheeze
Wheezing	of Wheeze
Wheeze	To breathe hard, and with an audible piping or whistling sound, as persons affected with asthma.
Wheeze	A piping or whistling sound caused by difficult respiration.
Wheeze	An ordinary whisper exaggerated so as to produce the hoarse sound known as the  "stage whisper." It is a forcible whisper with some admixture of tone.
Wheezy	Breathing with difficulty and with a wheeze; wheezing. Used also figuratively.
Wheft	See Waft, n., 4.
Whelk	Any one numerous species of large marine gastropods belonging to Buccinum and allied genera; especially, Buccinum undatum, common on the coasts both of Europe and North America, and much used as food in Europe.
Whelk	A papule; a pustule; acne.
Whelk	A stripe or mark; a ridge; a wale.
Whelked	Having whelks; whelky; as, whelked horns.
Whelky	Having whelks, ridges, or protuberances; hence, streaked; striated.
Whelky	Shelly.
Whelmed	of Whelm
Whelming	of Whelm
Whelm	To cover with water or other fluid; to cover by immersion in something that envelops on all sides; to overwhelm; to ingulf.
Whelm	Fig.: To cover completely, as if with water; to immerse; to overcome; as, to whelm one in sorrows.
Whelm	To throw (something) over a thing so as to cover it.
Whelp	One of the young of a dog or a beast of prey; a puppy; a cub; as, a lion's whelps.
Whelp	A child; a youth; -- jocosely or in contempt.
Whelp	One of the longitudinal ribs or ridges on the barrel of a capstan or a windless; -- usually in the plural; as, the whelps of a windlass.
Whelp	One of the teeth of a sprocket wheel.
Whelped	of Whelp
Whelping	of Whelp
Whelp	To bring forth young; -- said of the female of the dog and some beasts of prey.
Whelp	To bring forth, as cubs or young; to give birth to.
When	At what time; -- used interrogatively.
When	At what time; at, during, or after the time that; at or just after, the moment that; -- used relatively.
When	While; whereas; although; -- used in the manner of a conjunction to introduce a dependent adverbial sentence or clause, having a causal, conditional, or adversative relation to the principal proposition; as, he chose to turn highwayman when he might have continued an honest man; he removed the tree when it was the best in the grounds.
When	Which time; then; -- used elliptically as a noun.
Whenas	Whereas; while
Whence	From what place; hence, from what or which source, origin, antecedent, premise, or the like; how; -- used interrogatively.
Whence	From what or which place, source, material, cause, etc.; the place, source, etc., from which; -- used relatively.
Whenceever	Whencesoever.
Whenceforth	From, or forth from, what or which place; whence.
Whencesoever	From what place soever; from what cause or source soever.
Whene'er	Whenever.
Whenever	At whatever time.
Whennes	Whence.
Whensoever	At what time soever; at whatever time; whenever.
Where	Whether.
Where	At or in what place; hence, in what situation, position, or circumstances; -- used interrogatively.
Where	At or in which place; at the place in which; hence, in the case or instance in which; -- used relatively.
Where	To what or which place; hence, to what goal, result, or issue; whither; -- used interrogatively and relatively; as, where are you going?
Where	Whereas.
Where	Place; situation.
Whereabout	Alt. of Whereabouts
Whereabouts	About where; near what or which place; -- used interrogatively and relatively; as, whereabouts did you meet him?
Whereabouts	Concerning which; about which.
Whereabout	Alt. of Whereabouts
Whereabouts	The place where a person or thing is; as, they did not know his whereabouts.
Whereas	At which place; where.
Whereas	Considering that; it being the case that; since; -- used to introduce a preamble which is the basis of declarations, affirmations, commands, requests, or like, that follow.
Whereas	When in fact; while on the contrary; the case being in truth that; although; -- implying opposition to something that precedes; or implying recognition of facts, sometimes followed by a different statement, and sometimes by inferences or something consequent.
Whereat	At which; upon which; whereupon; -- used relatively.
Whereat	At what; -- used interrogatively; as, whereat are you offended?
Whereby	By which; -- used relatively.
Whereby	By what; how; -- used interrogatively.
Where'er	Wherever; -- a contracted and poetical form.
Wherefore	For which reason; so; -- used relatively.
Wherefore	For what reason; why; -- used interrogatively.
Wherefore	the reason why.
Whereform	From which; from which or what place.
Wherein	In which; in which place, thing, time, respect, or the like; -- used relatively.
Wherein	In what; -- used interrogatively.
Whereinto	Into which; -- used relatively.
Whereinto	Into what; -- used interrogatively.
Whereness	The quality or state of having a place; ubiety; situation; position.
Whereof	Of which; of whom; formerly, also, with which; -- used relatively.
Whereof	Of what; -- used interrogatively.
Whereon	On which; -- used relatively; as, the earth whereon we live.
Whereon	On what; -- used interrogatively; as, whereon do we stand?
Whereout	Out of which.
Whereso	Wheresoever.
Wheresoe'er	Wheresoever.
Wheresoever	In what place soever; in whatever place; wherever.
Wherethrough	Through which.
Whereto	To which; -- used relatively.
Whereto	To what; to what end; -- used interrogatively.
Whereunto	Same as Whereto.
Whereupon	Upon which; in consequence of which; after which.
Wherever	At or in whatever place; wheresoever.
Wherewith	With which; -- used relatively.
Wherewith	With what; -- used interrogatively.
Wherewith	The necessary means or instrument.
Wherewithal	Wherewith.
Whereret	To hurry; to trouble; to tease.
Whereret	To box (one) on the ear; to strike or box. (the ear); as, to wherret a child.
Wherret	A box on the ear.
Wherries	of Wherry
Wherry	A passenger barge or lighter plying on rivers; also, a kind of light, half-decked vessel used in fishing.
Wherry	A long, narrow, light boat, sharp at both ends, for fast rowing or sailing; esp., a racing boat rowed by one person with sculls.
Wherry	A liquor made from the pulp of crab apples after the verjuice is expressed; -- sometimes called crab wherry.
Wherso	Wheresoever.
Whetted	of Whet
Whetting	of Whet
Whet	To rub or on with some substance, as a piece of stone, for the purpose of sharpening; to sharpen by attrition; as, to whet a knife.
Whet	To make sharp, keen, or eager; to excite; to stimulate; as, to whet the appetite or the courage.
Whet	The act of whetting.
Whet	That which whets or sharpens; esp., an appetizer.
Whether	Which (of two); which one (of two); -- used interrogatively and relatively.
Whether	In case; if; -- used to introduce the first or two or more alternative clauses, the other or others being connected by or, or by or whether. When the second of two alternatives is the simple negative of the first it is sometimes only indicated by the particle not or no after the correlative, and sometimes it is omitted entirely as being distinctly implied in the whether of the first.
Whethering	The retention of the afterbirth in cows.
Whetile	The green woodpecker, or yaffle.  See Yaffle.
Whetstone	A piece of stone, natural or artificial, used for whetting, or sharpening, edge tools.
Whetter	One who, or that which, whets, sharpens, or stimulates.
Whetter	A tippler; one who drinks whets.
Whettlebones	The vertebrae of the back.
Whew	A sound like a half-formed whistle, expressing astonishment, scorn, or dislike.
Whew	To whistle with a shrill pipe, like a plover.
Whewellite	Calcium oxalate, occurring in colorless or white monoclinic crystals.
Whewer	The European widgeon.
Whey	The serum, or watery part, of milk, separated from the more thick or coagulable part, esp. in the process of making cheese.
Wheyey	Of the nature of, or containing, whey; resembling whey; wheyish.
Wheyface	One who is pale, as from fear.
Whey-faced	Having a pale or white face, as from fright.
Wheyish	Somewhat like whey; wheyey.
Which	Of what sort or kind; what; what a; who.
Which	A interrogative pronoun, used both substantively and adjectively, and in direct and indirect questions, to ask for, or refer to, an individual person or thing among several of a class; as, which man is it? which woman was it? which is the house? he asked which route he should take; which is best, to live or to die?  See the Note under What, pron., 1.
Which	A relative pronoun, used esp. in referring to an antecedent noun or clause, but sometimes with reference to what is specified or implied in a sentence, or to a following noun or clause (generally involving a reference, however, to something which has preceded). It is used in all numbers and genders, and was formerly used of persons.
Which	A compound relative or indefinite pronoun, standing for any one which, whichever, that which, those which, the . . . which, and the like; as, take which you will.
Whichever	Alt. of Whichsoever
Whichsoever	Whether one or another; whether one or the other; which; that one (of two or more) which; as, whichever road you take, it will lead you to town.
Whidah bird	Any one of several species of finchlike birds belonging to the genus Vidua, native of Asia and Africa. In the breeding season the male has very long, drooping tail feathers. Called also vida finch, whidah finch, whydah bird, whydah finch, widow bird, and widow finch.
Whider	Whither.
Whiff	A sudden expulsion of air from the mouth; a quick puff or slight gust, as of air or smoke.
Whiff	A glimpse; a hasty view.
Whiff	The marysole, or sail fluke.
Whiffed	of Whiff
Whiffing	of Whiff
Whiff	To throw out in whiffs; to consume in whiffs; to puff.
Whiff	To carry or convey by a whiff, or as by a whiff; to puff or blow away.
Whiff	To emit whiffs, as of smoke; to puff.
Whiffet	A little whiff or puff.
Whiffing	The act of one who, or that which, whiffs.
Whiffing	A mode of fishing with a hand line for pollack, mackerel, and the like.
Whiffled	of Whiffle
Whiffling	of Whiffle
Whiffle	To waver, or shake, as if moved by gusts of wind; to shift, turn, or veer about.
Whiffle	To change from one opinion or course to another; to use evasions; to prevaricate; to be fickle.
Whiffle	To disperse with, or as with, a whiff, or puff; to scatter.
Whiffle	To wave or shake quickly; to cause to whiffle.
Whiffle	A fife or small flute.
Whiffler	One who whiffles, or frequently changes his opinion or course; one who uses shifts and evasions in argument; hence, a trifler.
Whiffler	One who plays on a whiffle; a fifer or piper.
Whiffler	An officer who went before procession to clear the way by blowing a horn, or otherwise; hence, any person who marched at the head of a procession; a harbinger.
Whiffler	The golden-eye.
Whiffletree	Same as Whippletree.
Whig	Acidulated whey, sometimes mixed with buttermilk and sweet herbs, used as a cooling beverage.
Whig	One of a political party which grew up in England in the seventeenth century, in the reigns of Charles I. and II., when great contests existed respecting the royal prerogatives and the rights of the people. Those who supported the king in his high claims were called Tories, and the advocates of popular rights, of parliamentary power over the crown, and of toleration to Dissenters, were, after 1679, called Whigs. The terms Liberal and Radical have now generally superseded Whig in English politics.  See the note under Tory.
Whig	A friend and supporter of the American Revolution; -- opposed to Tory, and Royalist.
Whig	One of the political party in the United States from about 1829 to 1856, opposed in politics to the Democratic party.
Whig	Of or pertaining to the Whigs.
Whiggamore	A Whig; -- a cant term applied in contempt to Scotch Presbyterians.
Whiggarchy	Government by Whigs.
Whiggery	The principles or practices of the Whigs; Whiggism.
Whiggish	Of or pertaining to Whigs; partaking of, or characterized by, the principles of Whigs.
Whiggishly	In a Whiggish manner.
Whiggism	The principles of the Whigs.
Whigling	A petty or inferior Whig; -- used in contempt.
While	Space of time, or continued duration, esp. when short; a time; as, one while we thought him innocent.
While	That which requires time; labor; pains.
Whiled	of While
Whiling	of While
While	To cause to pass away pleasantly or without irksomeness or disgust; to spend or pass; -- usually followed by away.
While	To loiter.
While	During the time that; as long as; whilst; at the same time that; as, while I write, you sleep.
While	Hence, under which circumstances; in which case; though; whereas.
While	Until; till.
Whilere	A little while ago; recently; just now; erewhile.
Whiles	Meanwhile; meantime.
Whiles	sometimes; at times.
Whiles	During the time that; while.
Whilk	A kind of mollusk, a whelk.
Whilk	The scoter.
Whilk	Which.
Whilom	Formerly; once; of old; erewhile; at times.
Whilst	While.
Whim	The European widgeon.
Whim	A sudden turn or start of the mind; a temporary eccentricity; a freak; a fancy; a capricious notion; a humor; a caprice.
Whim	A large capstan or vertical drum turned by horse power or steam power, for raising ore or water, etc., from mines, or for other purposes; -- called also whim gin, and whimsey.
Whim	To be subject to, or indulge in, whims; to be whimsical, giddy, or freakish.
Whimbrel	Any one of several species of small curlews, especially the European species (Numenius phaeopus), called also Jack curlew, half curlew, stone curlew, and tang whaup.  See Illustration in Appendix.
Whimling	One given to whims; hence, a weak, childish person; a child.
Whimmy	Full of whims; whimsical.
Whimpered	of Whimper
Whimpering	of Whimper
Whimper	To cry with a low, whining, broken voice; to whine; to complain; as, a child whimpers.
Whimper	To utter in alow, whining tone.
Whimper	A low, whining, broken cry; a low, whining sound, expressive of complaint or grief.
Whimperer	One who whimpers.
Whimple	See Wimple.
Whimple	To whiffle; to veer.
Whimseys	of Whimsy
Whimsies	of Whimsy
Whimsey	Alt. of Whimsy
Whimsy	A whim; a freak; a capricious notion, a fanciful or odd conceit.
Whimsy	A whim.
Whimsey	To fill with whimseys, or whims; to make fantastic; to craze.
Whimsical	Full of, or characterized by, whims; actuated by a whim; having peculiar notions; queer; strange; freakish.
Whimsical	Odd or fantastic in appearance; quaintly devised; fantastic.
Whimsicality	The quality or state of being whimsical; whimsicalness.
Whimsically	In a whimsical manner; freakishly.
Whimsicalness	The quality or state of being whimsical; freakishness; whimsical disposition.
Whimsy	A whimsey.
Whimwham	A whimsical thing; an odd device; a trifle; a trinket; a gimcrack.
Whimwham	A whim, or whimsey; a freak.
Whin	Gorse; furze.  See Furze.
Whin	Woad-waxed.
Whin	Same as Whinstone.
Whinberry	The English bilberry; -- so called because it grows on moors among the whins, or furze.
Whinchat	A small warbler (Pratincola rubetra) common in Europe; -- called also whinchacker, whincheck, whin-clocharet.
Whined	of Whine
Whining	of Whine
Whine	To utter a plaintive cry, as some animals; to moan with a childish noise; to complain, or to tell of sorrow, distress, or the like, in a plaintive, nasal tone; hence, to complain or to beg in a mean, unmanly way; to moan basely.
Whine	To utter or express plaintively, or in a mean, unmanly way; as, to whine out an excuse.
Whine	A plaintive tone; the nasal, childish tone of mean complaint; mean or affected complaint.
Whiner	One who, or that which, whines.
Whinge	To whine.
Whinger	A kind of hanger or sword used as a knife at meals and as a weapon.
Whiningly	In a whining manner; in a tone of mean complaint.
Whinner	To whinny.
Whinnied	of Whinny
Whinnying	of Whinny
Whinny	To utter the ordinary call or cry of a horse; to neigh.
Whinnies	of Whinny
Whinny	The ordinary cry or call of a horse; a neigh.
Whinny	Abounding in whin, gorse, or furze.
Whinock	The small pig of a litter.
Whinstone	A provincial name given in England to basaltic rocks, and applied by miners to other kind of dark-colored unstratified rocks which resist the point of the pick. -- for example, to masses of chert. Whin-dikes, and whin-sills, are names sometimes given to veins or beds of basalt.
Whinyard	A sword, or hanger.
Whinyard	The shoveler.
Whinyard	The poachard.
Whipped	of Whip
Whipping	of Whip
Whip	To strike with a lash, a cord, a rod, or anything slender and lithe; to lash; to beat; as, to whip a horse, or a carpet.
Whip	To drive with lashes or strokes of a whip; to cause to rotate by lashing with a cord; as, to whip a top.
Whip	To punish with a whip, scourge, or rod; to flog; to beat; as, to whip a vagrant; to whip one with thirty nine lashes; to whip a perverse boy.
Whip	To apply that which hurts keenly to; to lash, as with sarcasm, abuse, or the like; to apply cutting language to.
Whip	To thrash; to beat out, as grain, by striking; as, to whip wheat.
Whip	To beat (eggs, cream, or the like) into a froth, as with a whisk, fork, or the like.
Whip	To conquer; to defeat, as in a contest or game; to beat; to surpass.
Whip	To overlay (a cord, rope, or the like) with other cords going round and round it; to overcast, as the edge of a seam; to wrap; -- often with about, around, or over.
Whip	To sew lightly; specifically, to form (a fabric) into gathers by loosely overcasting the rolled edge and drawing up the thread; as, to whip a ruffle.
Whip	To take or move by a sudden motion; to jerk; to snatch; -- with into, out, up, off, and the like.
Whip	To hoist or purchase by means of a whip.
Whip	To secure the end of (a rope, or the like) from untwisting by overcasting it with small stuff.
Whip	To fish (a body of water) with a rod and artificial fly, the motion being that employed in using a whip.
Whip	To move nimbly; to start or turn suddenly and do something; to whisk; as, he whipped around the corner.
Whip	An instrument or driving horses or other animals, or for correction, consisting usually of a lash attached to a handle, or of a handle and lash so combined as to form a flexible rod.
Whip	A coachman; a driver of a carriage; as, a good whip.
Whip	One of the arms or frames of a windmill, on which the sails are spread.
Whip	The length of the arm reckoned from the shaft.
Whip	A small tackle with a single rope, used to hoist light bodies.
Whip	The long pennant.  See Pennant (a)
Whip	A huntsman who whips in the hounds; whipper-in.
Whip	A person (as a member of Parliament) appointed to enforce party discipline, and secure the attendance of the members of a Parliament party at any important session, especially when their votes are needed.
Whip	A call made upon members of a Parliament party to be in their places at a given time, as when a vote is to be taken.
Whipcord	A kind of hard-twisted or braided cord, sometimes used for making whiplashes.
Whipgrafted	of Whipgraft
Whipgrafting	of Whipgraft
Whipgraft	To graft by cutting the scion and stock in a certain manner.  See Whip grafting, under Grafting.
Whiplash	The lash of a whip, -- usually made of thongs of leather, or of cords, braided or twisted.
Whipparee	A large sting ray (Dasybatis, / Trygon, Sayi) native of the Southern United States. It is destitute of large spines on the body and tail.
Whipparee	A large sting ray (Rhinoptera bonasus, or R. quadriloba) of the Atlantic coast of the United States. Its snout appears to be four-lobed when viewed in front, whence it is also called cow-nosed ray.
Whipper	One who whips; especially, an officer who inflicts the penalty of legal whipping.
Whipper	One who raises coal or merchandise with a tackle from a chip's hold.
Whipper	A kind of simple willow.
Whipperin	A huntsman who keeps the hounds from wandering, and whips them in, if necessary, to the of chase.
Whipperin	Hence, one who enforces the discipline of a party, and urges the attendance and support of the members on all necessary occasions.
Whippersnapper	A diminutive, insignificant, or presumptuous person.
Whipping	a & n. from Whip, v.
Whippletree	The pivoted or swinging bar to which the traces, or tugs, of a harness are fastened, and by which a carriage, a plow, or other implement or vehicle, is drawn; a whiffletree; a swingletree; a singletree.  See Singletree.
Whippletree	The cornel tree.
Whip-poor-will	An American bird (Antrostomus vociferus) allied to the nighthawk and goatsucker; -- so called in imitation of the peculiar notes which it utters in the evening.
Whipsaw	A saw for dividing timber lengthwise, usually set in a frame, and worked by two persons; also, a fret saw.
Whip-shaped	Shaped like the lash of a whip; long, slender, round, and tapering; as, a whip-shaped root or stem.
Whipstaff	A bar attached to the tiller, for convenience in steering.
Whipstalk	A whipstock.
Whipster	A nimble little fellow; a whippersnapper.
Whipstick	Whip handle; whipstock.
Whipstitch	A tailor; -- so called in contempt.
Whipstitch	Anything hastily put or stitched together; hence, a hasty composition.
Whipstitch	The act or process of whipstitching.
Whipstitch	To rafter; to plow in ridges, as land.
Whipstock	The rod or handle to which the lash of a whip is fastened.
Whipt	Whipped.
Whip-tom-kelly	A vireo (Vireo altiloquus) native of the West Indies and Florida; -- called also black-whiskered vireo.
Whipworm	A nematode worm (Trichocephalus dispar) often found parasitic in the human intestine. Its body is thickened posteriorly, but is very long and threadlike anteriorly.
Whirred	of Whir
Whirring	of Whir
Whir	To whirl round, or revolve, with a whizzing noise; to fly or more quickly with a buzzing or whizzing sound; to whiz.
Whir	To hurry a long with a whizzing sound.
Whir	A buzzing or whizzing sound produced by rapid or whirling motion; as, the whir of a partridge; the whir of a spinning wheel.
Whirled	of Whirl
Whirling	of Whirl
Whirl	To turn round rapidly; to cause to rotate with velocity; to make to revolve.
Whirl	To remove or carry quickly with, or as with, a revolving motion; to snatch; to harry.
Whirl	To be turned round rapidly; to move round with velocity; to revolve or rotate with great speed; to gyrate.
Whirl	To move hastily or swiftly.
Whirl	A turning with rapidity or velocity; rapid rotation or circumvolution; quick gyration; rapid or confusing motion; as, the whirl of a top; the whirl of a wheel.
Whirl	Anything that moves with a whirling motion.
Whirl	A revolving hook used in twisting, as the hooked spindle of a rope machine, to which the threads to be twisted are attached.
Whirl	A whorl.  See Whorl.
Whirlabout	Something that whirls or turns about in a rapid manner; a whirligig.
Whirlbat	Anything moved with a whirl, as preparatory for a blow, or to augment the force of it; -- applied by poets to the cestus of ancient boxers.
Whirl-blast	A whirling blast or wind.
Whirlbone	The huckle bone.
Whirlbone	The patella, or kneepan.
Whirler	One who, or that which, whirls.
Whirlicote	An open car or chariot.
Whirligig	A child's toy, spun or whirled around like a wheel upon an axis, or like a top.
Whirligig	Anything which whirls around, or in which persons or things are whirled about, as a frame with seats or wooden horses.
Whirligig	A mediaeval instrument for punishing petty offenders, being a kind of wooden cage turning on a pivot, in which the offender was whirled round with great velocity.
Whirligig	Any one of numerous species of beetles belonging to Gyrinus and allied genera. The body is firm, oval or boatlike in form, and usually dark colored with a bronzelike luster. These beetles live mostly on the surface of water, and move about with great celerity in a gyrating, or circular, manner, but they are also able to dive and swim rapidly. The larva is aquatic. Called also weaver, whirlwig, and whirlwig beetle.
Whirling	a. & n. from Whirl, v. t.
Whirlpit	A whirlpool.
Whirlpool	An eddy or vortex of water; a place in a body of water where the water moves round in a circle so as to produce a depression or cavity in the center, into which floating objects may be drawn; any body of water having a more or less circular motion caused by its flowing in an irregular channel, by the coming together of opposing currents, or the like.
Whirlpool	A sea monster of the whale kind.
Whirlwig	A whirligig.
Whirlwind	A violent windstorm of limited extent, as the tornado, characterized by an inward spiral motion of the air with an upward current in the center; a vortex of air. It usually has a rapid progressive motion.
Whirlwind	Fig.: A body of objects sweeping violently onward.
Whirry	To whir.
Whirtle	A perforated steel die through which wires or tubes are drawn to form them.
Whisk	A game at cards; whist.
Whisk	The act of whisking; a rapid, sweeping motion, as of something light; a sudden motion or quick puff.
Whisk	A small bunch of grass, straw, twigs, hair, or the like, used for a brush; hence, a brush or small besom, as of broom corn.
Whisk	A small culinary instrument made of wire, or the like, for whisking or beating eggs, cream, etc.
Whisk	A kind of cape, forming part of a woman's dress.
Whisk	An impertinent fellow.
Whisk	A plane used by coopers for evening chines.
Whisked	of Whisk
Whisking	of Whisk
Whisk	To sweep, brush, or agitate, with a light, rapid motion; as, to whisk dust from a table; to whisk the white of eggs into a froth.
Whisk	To move with a quick, sweeping motion.
Whisk	To move nimbly at with velocity; to make a sudden agile movement.
Whisker	One who, or that which, whisks, or moves with a quick, sweeping motion.
Whisker	Formerly, the hair of the upper lip; a mustache; -- usually in the plural.
Whisker	That part of the beard which grows upon the sides of the face, or upon the chin, or upon both; as, side whiskers; chin whiskers.
Whisker	A hair of the beard.
Whisker	One of the long, projecting hairs growing at the sides of the mouth of a cat, or other animal.
Whisker	Iron rods extending on either side of the bowsprit, to spread, or guy out, the stays, etc.
Whiskered	Formed into whiskers; furnished with whiskers; having or wearing whiskers.
Whiskered	Having elongated hairs, feathers, or bristles on the cheeks.
Whiskerless	Being without whiskers.
Whisket	A basket; esp., a straw provender basket.
Whisket	A small lathe for turning wooden pins.
Whiskey	Same as Whisky, a liquor.
Whiskeys	of Whisky
Whiskies	of Whisky
Whiskey	Alt. of Whisky
Whisky	A light carriage built for rapid motion; -- called also tim-whiskey.
Whiskin	A shallow drinking bowl.
Whisking	Sweeping along lightly.
Whisking	Large; great.
Whisky	Alt. of Whiskey
Whiskey	An intoxicating liquor distilled from grain, potatoes, etc., especially in Scotland, Ireland, and the United States. In the United States, whisky is generally distilled from maize, rye, or wheat, but in Scotland and Ireland it is often made from malted barley.
Whiskyfied	Alt. of Whiskeyfied
Whiskeyfied	Drunk with whisky; intoxicated.
Whisp	See Wisp.
Whisp	A flock of snipe.
Whispered	of Whisper
Whispering	of Whisper
Whisper	To speak softly, or under the breath, so as to be heard only by one near at hand; to utter words without sonant breath; to talk without that vibration in the larynx which gives sonorous, or vocal, sound.  See Whisper, n.
Whisper	To make a low, sibilant sound or noise.
Whisper	To speak with suspicion, or timorous caution; to converse in whispers, as in secret plotting.
Whisper	To utter in a low and nonvocal tone; to say under the breath; hence, to mention privately and confidentially, or in a whisper.
Whisper	To address in a whisper, or low voice.
Whisper	To prompt secretly or cautiously; to inform privately.
Whisper	A low, soft, sibilant voice or utterance, which can be heard only by those near at hand; voice or utterance that employs only breath sound without tone, friction against the edges of the vocal cords and arytenoid cartilages taking the place of the vibration of the cords that produces tone; sometimes, in a limited sense, the sound produced by such friction as distinguished from breath sound made by friction against parts of the mouth.  See Voice, n., 2, and Guide to Pronunciation, // 5, 153, 154.
Whisper	A cautious or timorous speech.
Whisper	Something communicated in secret or by whispering; a suggestion or insinuation.
Whisper	A low, sibilant sound.
Whisperer	One who whispers.
Whisperer	A tattler; one who tells secrets; a conveyer of intelligence secretly; hence; a backbiter; one who slanders secretly.
Whispering	a. & n. from Whisper. v. t.
Whisperingly	In a whisper, or low voice; in a whispering manner; with whispers.
Whisperously	Whisperingly.
Whist	Be silent; be still; hush; silence.
Whist	A certain game at cards; -- so called because it requires silence and close attention. It is played by four persons (those who sit opposite each other being partners) with a complete pack of fifty-two cards. Each player has thirteen cards, and when these are played out, he hand is finished, and the cards are again shuffled and distributed.
Whist	To hush or silence.
Whist	To be or become silent or still; to be hushed or mute.
Whist	Not speaking; not making a noise; silent; mute; still; quiet.
Whistled	of Whistle
Whistling	of Whistle
Whistle	To make a kind of musical sound, or series of sounds, by forcing the breath through a small orifice formed by contracting the lips; also, to emit a similar sound, or series of notes, from the mouth or beak, as birds.
Whistle	To make a shrill sound with a wind or steam instrument, somewhat like that made with the lips; to blow a sharp, shrill tone.
Whistle	To sound shrill, or like a pipe; to make a sharp, shrill sound; as, a bullet whistles through the air.
Whistle	To form, utter, or modulate by whistling; as, to whistle a tune or an air.
Whistle	To send, signal, or call by a whistle.
Whistle	A sharp, shrill, more or less musical sound, made by forcing the breath through a small orifice of the lips, or through or instrument which gives a similar sound; the sound used by a sportsman in calling his dogs; the shrill note of a bird; as, the sharp whistle of a boy, or of a boatswain's pipe; the blackbird's mellow whistle.
Whistle	The shrill sound made by wind passing among trees or through crevices, or that made by bullet, or the like, passing rapidly through the air; the shrill noise (much used as a signal, etc.) made by steam or gas escaping through a small orifice, or impinging against the edge of a metallic bell or cup.
Whistle	An instrument in which gas or steam forced into a cavity, or against a thin edge, produces a sound more or less like that made by one who whistles through the compressed lips; as, a child's whistle; a boatswain's whistle; a steam whistle (see Steam whistle, under Steam).
Whistle	The mouth and throat; -- so called as being the organs of whistling.
Whistlefish	A gossat, or rockling; -- called also whistler, three-bearded rockling, sea loach, and sorghe.
Whistler	One who, or that which, whistles, or produces or a whistling sound.
Whistler	The ring ousel.
Whistler	The widgeon.
Whistler	The golden-eye.
Whistler	The golden plover and the gray plover.
Whistler	The hoary, or northern, marmot (Arctomys pruinosus).
Whistler	The whistlefish.
Whistlewing	The American golden-eye.
Whistlewood	The moosewood, or striped maple.  See Maple.
Whistling	a. & n. from Whistle, v.
Whistlingly	In a whistling manner; shrilly.
Whistly	In a whist manner; silently.
Whit	The smallest part or particle imaginable; a bit; a jot; an iota; -- generally used in an adverbial phrase in a negative sentence.
White	Reflecting to the eye all the rays of the spectrum combined; not tinted with any of the proper colors or their mixtures; having the color of pure snow; snowy; -- the opposite of black or dark; as, white paper; a white skin.
White	Destitute of color, as in the cheeks, or of the tinge of blood color; pale; pallid; as, white with fear.
White	Having the color of purity; free from spot or blemish, or from guilt or pollution; innocent; pure.
White	Gray, as from age; having silvery hair; hoary.
White	Characterized by freedom from that which disturbs, and the like; fortunate; happy; favorable.
White	Regarded with especial favor; favorite; darling.
White	The color of pure snow; one of the natural colors of bodies, yet not strictly a color, but a composition of all colors; the opposite of black; whiteness.  See the Note under Color, n., 1.
White	Something having the color of snow; something white, or nearly so; as, the white of the eye.
White	Specifically, the central part of the butt in archery, which was formerly painted white; the center of a mark at which a missile is shot.
White	A person with a white skin; a member of the white, or Caucasian, races of men.
White	A white pigment; as, Venice white.
White	Any one of numerous species of butterflies belonging to Pieris, and allied genera in which the color is usually white.  See Cabbage butterfly, under Cabbage.
Whited	of White
Whiting	of White
White	To make white; to whiten; to whitewash; to bleach.
Whiteback	The canvasback.
Whitebait	The young of several species of herrings, especially of the common herring, esteemed a great delicacy by epicures in England.
Whitebait	A small translucent fish (Salanx Chinensis) abundant at certain seasons on the coasts of China and Japan, and used in the same manner as the European whitebait.
Whitebeam	The common beam tree of England (Pyrus Aria); -- so called from the white, woolly under surface of the leaves.
Whitebeard	An old man; a graybeard.
Whitebelly	The American widgeon, or baldpate.
Whitebelly	The prairie chicken.
Whitebill	The American coot.
White-blaze	See White-face.
Whiteblow	Same as Whitlow grass, under Whitlow.
Whiteboy	A favorite.
Whiteboy	One of an association of poor Roman catholics which arose in Ireland about 1760, ostensibly to resist the collection of tithes, the members of which were so called from the white shirts they wore in their nocturnal raids.
Whiteboyism	The conduct or principle of the Whiteboys.
Whitecap	The European redstart; -- so called from its white forehead.
Whitecap	The whitethroat; -- so called from its gray head.
Whitecap	The European tree sparrow.
Whitecap	A wave whose crest breaks into white foam, as when the wind is freshening.
Whitecoat	The skin of a newborn seal; also, the seal itself.
White-ear	The wheatear.
White-eye	Any one of several species of small Old World singing of the genus Zosterops, as Zosterops palpebrosus of India, and Z. c/rulescens of Australia. The eyes are encircled by a ring of white feathers, whence the name. Called also bush creeper, and white-eyed tit.
White-face	A white mark in the forehead of a horse, descending almost to the nose; -- called also white-blaze.
Whitefish	Any one of several species of Coregonus, a genus of excellent food fishes allied to the salmons. They inhabit the lakes of the colder parts of North America, Asia, and Europe. The largest and most important American species (C. clupeiformis) is abundant in the Great Lakes, and in other lakes farther north. Called also lake whitefish, and Oswego bass.
Whitefish	The menhaden.
Whitefish	The beluga, or white whale.
Whiteflaw	A whitlow.
White-foot	A white mark on the foot of a horse, between the fetlock and the coffin.
White friar	A mendicant monk of the Carmelite order, so called from the white cloaks worn by the order.  See Carmelite.
White-fronted	Having a white front; as, the white-fronted lemur.
Whitehead	The blue-winged snow goose.
Whitehead	The surf scoter.
White-heart	A somewhat heart-shaped cherry with a whitish skin.
White-hot	White with heat; heated to whiteness, or incandescence.
White-limed	Whitewashed or plastered with lime.
White-livered	Having a pale look; feeble; hence, cowardly; pusillanimous; dastardly.
Whitely	Like, or coming near to, white.
Whitened	of Whiten
Whitening	of Whiten
Whiten	To grow white; to turn or become white or whiter; as, the hair whitens with age; the sea whitens with foam; the trees in spring whiten with blossoms.
Whiten	To make white; to bleach; to blanch; to whitewash; as, to whiten a wall; to whiten cloth.
Whitener	One who, or that which, whitens; a bleacher; a blancher; a whitewasher.
Whiteness	The quality or state of being white; white color, or freedom from darkness or obscurity on the surface.
Whiteness	Want of a sanguineous tinge; paleness; as from terror, grief, etc.
Whiteness	Freedom from stain or blemish; purity; cleanness.
Whiteness	Nakedness.
Whiteness	A flock of swans.
Whitening	The act or process of making or becoming white.
Whitening	That which is used to render white; whiting.
White-pot	A kind of food made of milk or cream, eggs, sugar, bread, etc., baked in a pot.
Whiterump	The American black-tailed godwit.
Whites	Leucorrh/a.
Whites	The finest flour made from white wheat.
Whites	Cloth or garments of a plain white color.
Whiteside	The golden-eye.
Whitesmith	One who works in tinned or galvanized iron, or white iron; a tinsmith.
Whitesmith	A worker in iron who finishes or polishes the work, in distinction from one who forges it.
Whitester	A bleacher of linen; a whitener; a whitster.
Whitetail	The Virginia deer.
Whitetail	The wheatear.
Whitethorn	The hawthorn.
Whitethroat	Any one of several species of Old World warblers, esp. the common European species (Sylvia cinerea), called also strawsmear, nettlebird, muff, and whitecap, the garden whitethroat, or golden warbler (S. hortensis), and the lesser whitethroat (S. curruca).
Whitetop	Fiorin.
Whitewall	The spotted flycatcher; -- so called from the white color of the under parts.
Whitewash	Any wash or liquid composition for whitening something, as a wash for making the skin fair.
Whitewash	A composition of line and water, or of whiting size, and water, or the like, used for whitening walls, ceilings, etc.; milk of lime.
Whitewashed	of Whitewash
Whitewashing	of Whitewash
Whitewash	To apply a white liquid composition to; to whiten with whitewash.
Whitewash	To make white; to give a fair external appearance to; to clear from imputations or disgrace; hence, to clear (a bankrupt) from obligation to pay debts.
Whitewasher	One who whitewashes.
White-water	A dangerous disease of sheep.
Whiteweed	A perennial composite herb (Chrysanthemum Leucanthemum) with conspicuous white rays and a yellow disk, a common weed in grass lands and pastures; -- called also oxeye daisy.
Whitewing	The chaffinch; -- so called from the white bands on the wing.
Whitewing	The velvet duck.
Whitewood	The soft and easily-worked wood of the tulip tree (Liriodendron). It is much used in cabinetwork, carriage building, etc.
Whitewort	Wild camomile.
Whitewort	A kind of Solomon's seal (Polygonum officinale).
Whitflaw	Whitlow.
Whither	To what place; -- used interrogatively; as, whither goest thou?
Whither	To what or which place; -- used relatively.
Whither	To what point, degree, end, conclusion, or design; whereunto; whereto; -- used in a sense not physical.
Whithersoever	To whatever place; to what place soever; wheresoever; as, I will go whithersoever you lead.
Whitherward	In what direction; toward what or which place.
Whitile	The yaffle.
Whiting	A common European food fish (Melangus vulgaris) of the Codfish family; -- called also fittin.
Whiting	A North American fish (Merlucius vulgaris) allied to the preceding; -- called also silver hake.
Whiting	Any one of several species of North American marine sciaenoid food fishes belonging to genus Menticirrhus, especially M. Americanus, found from Maryland to Brazil, and M. littoralis, common from Virginia to Texas; -- called also silver whiting, and surf whiting.
Whiting	Chalk prepared in an impalpable powder by pulverizing and repeated washing, used as a pigment, as an ingredient in putty, for cleaning silver, etc.
Whiting-mop	A young whiting.
Whiting-mop	A fair lass.
Whitish	Somewhat white; approaching white; white in a moderate degree.
Whitish	Covered with an opaque white powder.
Whitishness	The quality or state of being whitish or somewhat white.
Whitleather	Leather dressed or tawed with alum, salt, etc., remarkable for its pliability and toughness; white leather.
Whitleather	The paxwax.  See Paxwax.
Whitling	A young full trout during its second season.
Whitlow	An inflammation of the fingers or toes, generally of the last phalanx, terminating usually in suppuration. The inflammation may occupy any seat between the skin and the bone, but is usually applied to a felon or inflammation of the periosteal structures of the bone.
Whitlow	An inflammatory disease of the feet. It occurs round the hoof, where an acrid matter is collected.
Whitlow-wort	Same as Whitlow grass, under Whitlow.
Whitmonday	The day following Whitsunday; -- called also Whitsun Monday.
Whitneyite	an arsenide of copper from Lake Superior.
Whitson	See Whitsun.
Whitsour	A sort of apple.
Whitster	A whitener; a bleacher; a whitester.
Whitsun	Of, pertaining to, or observed at, Whitsuntide; as, Whitsun week; Whitsun Tuesday; Whitsun pastorals.
Whitsunday	The seventh Sunday, and the fiftieth day, after Easter; a festival of the church in commemoration of the descent of the Holy Spirit on the day of Pentecost; Pentecost; -- so called, it is said, because, in the primitive church, those who had been newly baptized appeared at church between Easter and Pentecost in white garments.
Whitsunday	See the Note under Term, n., 12.
Whitsuntide	The week commencing with Whitsunday, esp. the first three days -- Whitsunday, Whitsun Monday, and Whitsun Tuesday; the time of Pentecost.
Whitten tree	Either of two shrubs (Viburnum Lantana, and V. Opulus), so called on account of their whitish branches.
Whitterick	The curlew.
Whittle	A grayish, coarse double blanket worn by countrywomen, in the west of England, over the shoulders, like a cloak or shawl.
Whittle	Same as Whittle shawl, below.
Whittle	A knife; esp., a pocket, sheath, or clasp knife.
Whittled	of Whittle
Whittling	of Whittle
Whittle	To pare or cut off the surface of with a small knife; to cut or shape, as a piece of wood held in the hand, with a clasp knife or pocketknife.
Whittle	To edge; to sharpen; to render eager or excited; esp., to excite with liquor; to inebriate.
Whittle	To cut or shape a piece of wood with am small knife; to cut up a piece of wood with a knife.
Whittlings	Chips made by one who whittles; shavings cut from a stick with a knife.
Whittret	A weasel.
Whittuesday	The day following Whitmonday; -- called also Whitsun Tuesday.
Whitwall	Same as Whetile.
Whitworth ball	A prejectile used in the Whitworth gun.
Whitworth gun	A form of rifled cannon and small arms invented by Sir Joseph Whitworth, of Manchester, England.
Whity-brown	Of a color between white and brown.
Whizzed	of Whiz
Whizzing	of Whiz
Whiz	To make a humming or hissing sound, like an arrow or ball flying through the air; to fly or move swiftly with a sharp hissing or whistling sound.
Whiz	A hissing and humming sound.
Whizzingly	With a whizzing sound.
Who	Originally, an interrogative pronoun, later, a relative pronoun also; -- used always substantively, and either as singular or plural.  See the Note under What, pron., 1.  As interrogative pronouns, who and whom ask the question: What or which person or persons? Who and whom, as relative pronouns (in the sense of that), are properly used of persons (corresponding to which, as applied to things), but are sometimes, less properly and now rarely, used of animals, plants, etc.  Who and whom, as compound relatives, are also used especially of persons, meaning the person that; the persons that; the one that; whosoever.
Who	One; any; one.
Whoa	Stop; stand; hold.  See Ho, 2.
Whobub	Hubbub.
Whoever	Whatever person; any person who; be or she who; any one who; as, he shall be punished, whoever he may be.
Whole	Containing the total amount, number, etc.; comprising all the parts; free from deficiency; all; total; entire; as, the whole earth; the whole solar system; the whole army; the whole nation.
Whole	Complete; entire; not defective or imperfect; not broken or fractured; unimpaired; uninjured; integral; as, a whole orange; the egg is whole; the vessel is whole.
Whole	Possessing, or being in a state of, heath and soundness; healthy; sound; well.
Whole	The entire thing; the entire assemblage of parts; totality; all of a thing, without defect or exception; a thing complete in itself.
Whole	A regular combination of parts; a system.
Whole-hoofed	Having an undivided hoof, as the horse.
Whole-length	Representing the whole figure; -- said of a picture or statue.
Whole-length	A portrait or statue representing the whole figure.
Wholeness	The quality or state of being whole, entire, or sound; entireness; totality; completeness.
Wholesale	Sale of goods by the piece or large quantity, as distinguished from retail.
Wholesale	Pertaining to, or engaged in, trade by the piece or large quantity; selling to retailers or jobbers rather than to consumers; as, a wholesale merchant; the wholesale price.
Wholesale	Extensive and indiscriminate; as, wholesale slaughter.
Wholesome	Tending to promote health; favoring health; salubrious; salutary.
Wholesome	Contributing to the health of the mind; favorable to morals, religion, or prosperity; conducive to good; salutary; sound; as, wholesome advice; wholesome doctrines; wholesome truths; wholesome laws.
Wholesome	Sound; healthy.
Whole-souled	Thoroughly imbued with a right spirit; noble-minded; devoted.
Wholly	In a whole or complete manner; entirely; completely; perfectly.
Wholly	To the exclusion of other things; totally; fully.
Whom	The objective case of who.  See Who.
Whomsoever	The objective of whosoever.  See Whosoever.
Whoobub	Hubbub.
Whoop	The hoopoe.
Whooped	of Whoop
Whooping	of Whoop
Whoop	To utter a whoop, or loud cry, as eagerness, enthusiasm, or enjoyment; to cry out; to shout; to halloo; to utter a war whoop; to hoot, as an owl.
Whoop	To cough or breathe with a sonorous inspiration, as in whooping cough.
Whoop	To insult with shouts; to chase with derision.
Whoop	A shout of pursuit or of war; a very of eagerness, enthusiasm, enjoyment, vengeance, terror, or the like; an halloo; a hoot, or cry, as of an owl.
Whoop	A loud, shrill, prolonged sound or sonorous inspiration, as in whooping cough.
Whooper	One who, or that which, whooops.
Whooping	a. & n. from Whoop, v. t.
Whoot	To hoot.
Whop	Same as Whap.
Whop	Same as Whap.
Whopper	One who, or that which, whops.
Whopper	Same as Whapper.
Whore	A woman who practices unlawful sexual commerce with men, especially one who prostitutes her body for hire; a prostitute; a harlot.
Whored	of Whore
Whoring	of Whore
Whore	To have unlawful sexual intercourse; to practice lewdness.
Whore	To worship false and impure gods.
Whore	To corrupt by lewd intercourse; to make a whore of; to debauch.
Whoredom	The practice of unlawful intercourse with the other sex; fornication; lewdness.
Whoredom	The sin of worshiping idols; idolatry.
Wheremaster	A man who practices lewdness; a lecher; a whoremonger.
Wheremaster	One keeps or procures whores for others; a pimp; a procurer.
Whoremasterly	Having the character of a whoremaster; lecherous; libidinous.
Whoremonger	A whoremaster; a lecher; a man who frequents the society of whores.
Whoreson	A bastard; colloquially, a low, scurvy fellow; -- used generally in contempt, or in coarse humor. Also used adjectively.
Whorish	Resembling a whore in character or conduct; addicted to unlawful pleasures; incontinent; lewd; unchaste.
Whorl	A circle of two or more leaves, flowers, or other organs, about the same part or joint of a stem.
Whorl	A volution, or turn, of the spire of a univalve shell.
Whorl	The fly of a spindle.
Whorled	Furnished with whorls; arranged in the form of a whorl or whorls; verticillate; as, whorled leaves.
Whorler	A potter's wheel.
Whort	The whortleberry, or bilberry.  See Whortleberry (a).
Whortle	The whortleberry, or bilberry.
Whortleberry	In England, the fruit of Vaccinium Myrtillus; also, the plant itself.  See Bilberry, 1.
Whortleberry	The fruit of several shrubby plants of the genus Gaylussacia; also, any one of these plants.  See Huckleberry.
Whose	The possessive case of who or which.  See Who, and Which.
Whosesoever	The possessive of whosoever.  See Whosoever.
Whoso	Whosoever.
Whosoever	Whatsoever person; any person whatever that; whoever.
Whot	Hot.
Whur	To make a rough, humming sound, like one who pronounces the letter r with too much force; to whir; to birr.
Whur	To snarl or growl, as a dog.
Whur	A humming or whirring sound, like that of a body moving through the air with velocity; a whir.
Whurry	To whisk along quickly; to hurry.
Whurt	See Whort.
Why	For what cause, reason, or purpose; on what account; wherefore; -- used interrogatively.  See the Note under What, pron., 1.
Why	For which; on account of which; -- used relatively.
Why	The reason or cause for which; that on account of which; on what account; as, I know not why he left town so suddenly; -- used as a compound relative.
Why	A young heifer.
Whydah bird	Alt. of Whydah finch
Whydah finch	The whidah bird.
Why-not	A violent and peremptory procedure without any assigned reason; a sudden conclusive happening.
Wich	A variant of 1st Wick.
Wichitas	A tribe of Indians native of the region between the Arkansas and Red rivers. They are related to the Pawnees.  See Pawnees.
Wick	Alt. of Wich
Wich	A street; a village; a castle; a dwelling; a place of work, or exercise of authority; -- now obsolete except in composition; as, bailiwick, Warwick, Greenwick.
Wich	A narrow port or passage in the rink or course, flanked by the stones of previous players.
Wick	A bundle of fibers, or a loosely twisted or braided cord, tape, or tube, usually made of soft spun cotton threads, which by capillary attraction draws up a steady supply of the oil in lamps, the melted tallow or wax in candles, or other material used for illumination, in small successive portions, to be burned.
Wick	To strike a stone in an oblique direction.
Wicke	Wicked.
Wicked	Having a wick; -- used chiefly in composition; as, a two-wicked lamp.
Wicked	Evil in principle or practice; deviating from morality; contrary to the moral or divine law; addicted to vice or sin; sinful; immoral; profligate; -- said of persons and things; as, a wicked king; a wicked woman; a wicked deed; wicked designs.
Wicked	Cursed; baneful; hurtful; bad; pernicious; dangerous.
Wicked	Ludicrously or sportively mischievous; disposed to mischief; roguish.
Wickedly	In a wicked manner; in a manner, or with motives and designs, contrary to the divine law or the law of morality; viciously; corruptly; immorally.
Wickedness	The quality or state of being wicked; departure from the rules of the divine or the moral law; evil disposition or practices; immorality; depravity; sinfulness.
Wickedness	A wicked thing or act; crime; sin; iniquity.
Wicken tree	Same as Quicken tree.
Wicker	A small pliant twig or osier; a rod for making basketwork and the like; a withe.
Wicker	Wickerwork; a piece of wickerwork, esp. a basket.
Wicker	Same as 1st Wike.
Wicker	Made of, or covered with, twigs or osiers, or wickerwork.
Wickered	Made of, secured by, or covered with, wickers or wickerwork.
Wickerwork	A texture of osiers, twigs, or rods; articles made of such a texture.
Wicket	A small gate or door, especially one forming part of, or placed near, a larger door or gate; a narrow opening or entrance cut in or beside a door or gate, or the door which is used to close such entrance or aperture. Piers Plowman.
Wicket	A small gate by which the chamber of canal locks is emptied, or by which the amount of water passing to a water wheel is regulated.
Wicket	A small framework at which the ball is bowled. It consists of three rods, or stumps, set vertically in the ground, with one or two short rods, called bails, lying horizontally across the top.
Wicket	The ground on which the wickets are set.
Wicket	A place of shelter made of the boughs of trees, -- used by lumbermen, etc.
Wicket	The space between the pillars, in postand-stall working.
Wicking	the material of which wicks are made; esp., a loosely braided or twisted cord or tape of cotton.
Wiclifite	Alt. of Wickliffite
Wickliffite	See Wyclifite.
Wicopy	See Leatherwood.
Widdy	A rope or halter made of flexible twigs, or withes, as of birch.
Wide	Having considerable distance or extent between the sides; spacious across; much extended in a direction at right angles to that of length; not narrow; broad; as, wide cloth; a wide table; a wide highway; a wide bed; a wide hall or entry.
Wide	Having a great extent every way; extended; spacious; broad; vast; extensive; as, a wide plain; the wide ocean; a wide difference.
Wide	Of large scope; comprehensive; liberal; broad; as, wide views; a wide understanding.
Wide	Of a certain measure between the sides; measuring in a direction at right angles to that of length; as, a table three feet wide.
Wide	Remote; distant; far.
Wide	Far from truth, from propriety, from necessity, or the like.
Wide	On one side or the other of the mark; too far side-wise from the mark, the wicket, the batsman, etc.
Wide	Made, as a vowel, with a less tense, and more open and relaxed, condition of the mouth organs; -- opposed to primary as used by Mr. Bell, and to narrow as used by Mr. Sweet. The effect, as explained by Mr. Bell, is due to the relaxation or tension of the pharynx; as explained by Mr. Sweet and others, it is due to the action of the tongue. The wide of / (/ve) is / (/ll); of a (ate) is / (/nd), etc.  See Guide to Pronunciation, / 13-15.
Wide	To a distance; far; widely; to a great distance or extent; as, his fame was spread wide.
Wide	So as to leave or have a great space between the sides; so as to form a large opening.
Wide	So as to be or strike far from, or on one side of, an object or purpose; aside; astray.
Wide	That which is wide; wide space; width; extent.
Wide	That which goes wide, or to one side of the mark.
Wide-awake	Fully awake; not drowsy or dull; hence, knowing; keen; alert.
Wide-awake	A broad-brimmed, low-crowned felt hat.
Widegap	The angler; -- called also widegab, and widegut.
Widely	In a wide manner; to a wide degree or extent; far; extensively; as, the gospel was widely disseminated by the apostles.
Widely	Very much; to a great degree or extent; as, to differ widely in opinion.
Widened	of Widen
Widening	of Widen
Widen	To make wide or wider; to extend in breadth; to increase the width of; as, to widen a field; to widen a breach; to widen a stocking.
Widen	To grow wide or wider; to enlarge; to spread; to extend.
Wideness	The quality or state of being wide; breadth; width; great extent from side to side; as, the wideness of a room.
Wideness	Large extent in all directions; broadness; greatness; as, the wideness of the sea or ocean.
Widespread	Spread to a great distance; widely extended; extending far and wide; as, widespread wings; a widespread movement.
Widewhere	Widely; far and wide.
Widgeon	Any one of several species of fresh-water ducks, especially those belonging to the subgenus Mareca, of the genus Anas. The common European widgeon (Anas penelope) and the American widgeon (A. Americana) are the most important species. The latter is called also baldhead, baldpate, baldface, baldcrown, smoking duck, wheat, duck, and whitebelly.
Widish	Moderately wide.
Widmanstatten figures	Certain figures appearing on etched meteoric iron; -- so called after A. B. Widmanstatten, of Vienna, who first described them in 1808.  See the Note and Illust. under Meteorite.
Widow	A woman who has lost her husband by death, and has not married again; one living bereaved of a husband.
Widow	Widowed.
Widowed	of Widow
Widowing	of Widow
Widow	To reduce to the condition of a widow; to bereave of a husband; -- rarely used except in the past participle.
Widow	To deprive of one who is loved; to strip of anything beloved or highly esteemed; to make desolate or bare; to bereave.
Widow	To endow with a widow's right.
Widow	To become, or survive as, the widow of.
Widow bird	See Whidan bird.
Widower	A man who has lost his wife by death, and has not married again.
Widowerhood	The state of being a widower.
Widowhood	The state of being a widow; the time during which a woman is widow; also, rarely, the state of being a widower.
Widowhood	Estate settled on a widow.
Widow-hunter	One who courts widows, seeking to marry one with a fortune.
Widowly	Becoming or like a widow.
Widow-maker	One who makes widows by destroying husbands.
Widow-wail	A low, narrowleaved evergreen shrub (Cneorum tricoccon) found in Southern Europe.
Width	The quality of being wide; extent from side to side; breadth; wideness; as, the width of cloth; the width of a door.
Widual	Of or pertaining to a widow; vidual.
Widwe	A widow.
Wielded	of Wield
Wielding	of Wield
Wield	To govern; to rule; to keep, or have in charge; also, to possess.
Wield	To direct or regulate by influence or authority; to manage; to control; to sway.
Wield	To use with full command or power, as a thing not too heavy for the holder; to manage; to handle; hence, to use or employ; as, to wield a sword; to wield the scepter.
Wieldable	Capable of being wielded.
Wieldance	The act or power of wielding.
Wielder	One who wields or employs; a manager; a controller.
Wielding	Power; authority; rule.
Wieldless	Not to be wielded; unmanageable; unwieldy.
Wieldsome	Admitting of being easily wielded or managed.
Wieldy	Capable of being wielded; manageable; wieldable; -- opposed to unwieldy.
Wier	Same as Weir.
Wierangle	Same as Wariangle.
Wiery	Wet; moist; marshy.
Wiery	Wiry.
Wives	of Wife
Wife	A woman; an adult female; -- now used in literature only in certain compounds and phrases, as alewife, fishwife, goodwife, and the like.
Wife	The lawful consort of a man; a woman who is united to a man in wedlock; a woman who has a husband; a married woman; -- correlative of husband.
Wifehood	Womanhood.
Wifehood	The state of being a wife; the character of a wife.
Wifeless	Without a wife; unmarried.
Wifelike	Of, pertaining to, or like, a wife or a woman.
Wifely	Becoming or life; of or pertaining to a wife.
Wig	A covering for the head, consisting of hair interwoven or united by a kind of network, either in imitation of the natural growth, or in abundant and flowing curls, worn to supply a deficiency of natural hair, or for ornament, or according to traditional usage, as a part of an official or professional dress, the latter especially in England by judges and barristers.
Wig	An old seal; -- so called by fishermen.
Wigged	of Wig
Wigging	of Wig
Wig	To censure or rebuke; to hold up to reprobation; to scold.
Wigan	A kind of canvaslike cotton fabric, used to stiffen and protect the lower part of trousers and of the skirts of women's dresses, etc.; -- so called from Wigan, the name of a town in Lancashire, England.
Wigeon	A widgeon.
Wigg	Alt. of Wig
Wig	A kind of raised seedcake.
Wigged	Having the head covered with a wig; wearing a wig.
Wiggery	A wig or wigs; false hair.
Wiggery	Any cover or screen, as red-tapism.
Wiggle	To move to and fro with a quick, jerking motion; to bend rapidly, or with a wavering motion, from side to side; to wag; to squirm; to wriggle; as, the dog wiggles his tail; the tadpole wiggles in the water.
Wiggle	Act of wiggling; a wriggle.
Wiggler	The young, either larva or pupa, of the mosquito; -- called also wiggletail.
Wigher	To neigh; to whinny.
Wight	Weight.
Wight	A whit; a bit; a jot.
Wight	A supernatural being.
Wight	A human being; a person, either male or female; -- now used chiefly in irony or burlesque, or in humorous language.
Wight	Swift; nimble; agile; strong and active.
Wightly	Swiftly; nimbly; quickly.
Wigless	Having or wearing no wig.
Wigwag	To signal by means of a flag waved from side to side according to a code adopted for the purpose.
Wigwam	An Indian cabin or hut, usually of a conical form, and made of a framework of poles covered with hides, bark, or mats; -- called also tepee.
Wike	A temporary mark or boundary, as a bough of a tree set up in marking out or dividing anything, as tithes, swaths to be mowed in common ground, etc.; -- called also wicker.
Wike	A home; a dwelling.
Wikke	Wicked.
Wild	Living in a state of nature; inhabiting natural haunts, as the forest or open field; not familiar with, or not easily approached by, man; not tamed or domesticated; as, a wild boar; a wild ox; a wild cat.
Wild	Growing or produced without culture; growing or prepared without the aid and care of man; native; not cultivated; brought forth by unassisted nature or by animals not domesticated; as, wild parsnip, wild camomile, wild strawberry, wild honey.
Wild	Desert; not inhabited or cultivated; as, wild land.
Wild	Savage; uncivilized; not refined by culture; ferocious; rude; as, wild natives of Africa or America.
Wild	Not submitted to restraint, training, or regulation; turbulent; tempestuous; violent; ungoverned; licentious; inordinate; disorderly; irregular; fanciful; imaginary; visionary; crazy.
Wild	Exposed to the wind and sea; unsheltered; as, a wild roadstead.
Wild	Indicating strong emotion, intense excitement, or /ewilderment; as, a wild look.
Wild	Hard to steer; -- said of a vessel.
Wild	An uninhabited and uncultivated tract or region; a forest or desert; a wilderness; a waste; as, the wilds of America; the wilds of Africa.
Wild	Wildly; as, to talk wild.
Wild-cat	Unsound; worthless; irresponsible; unsafe; -- said to have been originally applied to the notes of an insolvent bank in Michigan upon which there was the figure of a panther.
Wild-cat	Running without control; running along the line without a train; as, a wild-cat locomotive.
Wildebeest	The gnu.
Wilded	Become wild.
Wildered	of Wilder
Wildering	of Wilder
Wilder	To bewilder; to perplex.
Wildering	A plant growing in a state of nature; especially, one which has run wild, or escaped from cultivation.
Wilderment	The state of being bewildered; confusion; bewilderment.
Wilderness	A tract of land, or a region, uncultivated and uninhabited by human beings, whether a forest or a wide, barren plain; a wild; a waste; a desert; a pathless waste of any kind.
Wilderness	A disorderly or neglected place.
Wilderness	Quality or state of being wild; wildness.
Wildfire	A composition of inflammable materials, which, kindled, is very hard to quench; Greek fire.
Wildfire	An old name for erysipelas.
Wildfire	A disease of sheep, attended with inflammation of the skin.
Wildfire	A sort of lightning unaccompanied by thunder.
Wildgrave	A waldgrave, or head forest keeper.  See Waldgrave.
Wilding	A wild or uncultivated plant; especially, a wild apple tree or crab apple; also, the fruit of such a plant.
Wilding	Not tame, domesticated, or cultivated; wild.
Wildish	Somewhat wild; rather wild.
Wildly	In a wild manner; without cultivation; with disorder; rudely; distractedly; extravagantly.
Wildness	The quality or state of being wild; an uncultivated or untamed state; disposition to rove or go unrestrained; rudeness; savageness; irregularity; distraction.
Wildwood	A wild or unfrequented wood. Also used adjectively; as, wildwood flowers; wildwood echoes.
Wile	A trick or stratagem practiced for insnaring or deception; a sly, insidious; artifice; a beguilement; an allurement.
Wile	To practice artifice upon; to deceive; to beguile; to allure.
Wile	To draw or turn away, as by diversion; to while or while away; to cause to pass pleasantly.
Wileful	Full of wiles; trickish; deceitful.
Wilful	Alt. of Wilfulness
Wilfully	Alt. of Wilfulness
Wilfulness	See Willful, Willfully, and Willfulness.
Wiliness	The quality or state of being wily; craftiness; cunning; guile.
Wilk	See Whelk.
Will	The power of choosing; the faculty or endowment of the soul by which it is capable of choosing; the faculty or power of the mind by which we decide to do or not to do; the power or faculty of preferring or selecting one of two or more objects.
Will	The choice which is made; a determination or preference which results from the act or exercise of the power of choice; a volition.
Will	The choice or determination of one who has authority; a decree; a command; discretionary pleasure.
Will	Strong wish or inclination; desire; purpose.
Will	That which is strongly wished or desired.
Will	Arbitrary disposal; power to control, dispose, or determine.
Will	The legal declaration of a person's mind as to the manner in which he would have his property or estate disposed of after his death; the written instrument, legally executed, by which a man makes disposition of his estate, to take effect after his death; testament; devise.  See the Note under Testament, 1.
Would	of Will
Will	To wish; to desire; to incline to have.
Will	As an auxiliary, will is used to denote futurity dependent on the verb. Thus, in first person, "I will" denotes willingness, consent, promise; and when "will" is emphasized, it denotes determination or fixed purpose; as, I will go if you wish; I will go at all hazards. In the second and third persons, the idea of distinct volition, wish, or purpose is evanescent, and simple certainty is appropriately expressed; as, "You will go," or "He will go," describes a future event as a fact only. To emphasize will denotes (according to the tone or context) certain futurity or fixed determination.
Will	To be willing; to be inclined or disposed; to be pleased; to wish; to desire.
Willed	of Will
Willing	of Will
Will	To form a distinct volition of; to determine by an act of choice; to ordain; to decree.
Will	To enjoin or command, as that which is determined by an act of volition; to direct; to order.
Will	To give or direct the disposal of by testament; to bequeath; to devise; as, to will one's estate to a child; also, to order or direct by testament; as, he willed that his nephew should have his watch.
Will	To exercise an act of volition; to choose; to decide; to determine; to decree.
Willemite	A silicate of zinc, usually occurring massive and of a greenish yellow color, also in reddish crystals (troostite) containing manganese.
Willer	One who wills.
Willet	A large North American snipe (Symphemia semipalmata); -- called also pill-willet, will-willet, semipalmated tattler, or snipe, duck snipe, and stone curlew.
Willful	Of set purpose; self-determined; voluntary; as, willful murder.
Willful	Governed by the will without yielding to reason; obstinate; perverse; inflexible; stubborn; refractory; as, a willful man or horse.
Willier	One who works at a willying machine.
Willing	Free to do or to grant; having the mind inclined; not opposed in mind; not choosing to refuse; disposed; not averse; desirous; consenting; complying; ready.
Willing	Received of choice, or without reluctance; submitted to voluntarily; chosen; desired.
Willing	Spontaneous; self-moved.
Willingly	In a willing manner; with free will; without reluctance; cheerfully.
Willingness	The quality or state of being willing; free choice or consent of the will; freedom from reluctance; readiness of the mind to do or forbear.
Williwaw	Alt. of Willywaw
Willywaw	A whirlwind, or whirlwind squall, encountered in the Straits of Magellan.
Willock	The common guillemot.
Willock	The puffin.
Will-o'-the-wisp	See Ignis fatuus.
Willow	Any tree or shrub of the genus Salix, including many species, most of which are characterized often used as an emblem of sorrow, desolation, or desertion. "A wreath of willow to show my forsaken plight." Sir W. Scott. Hence, a lover forsaken by, or having lost, the person beloved, is said to wear the willow.
Willow	A machine in which cotton or wool is opened and cleansed by the action of long spikes projecting from a drum which revolves within a box studded with similar spikes; -- probably so called from having been originally a cylindrical cage made of willow rods, though some derive the term from winnow, as denoting the winnowing, or cleansing, action of the machine. Called also willy, twilly, twilly devil, and devil.
Willow	To open and cleanse, as cotton, flax, or wool, by means of a willow.  See Willow, n., 2.
Willowed	Abounding with willows; containing willows; covered or overgrown with willows.
Willower	A willow.  See Willow, n., 2.
Willow-herb	A perennial herb (Epilobium spicatum) with narrow willowlike leaves and showy rose-purple flowers. The name is sometimes made to include other species of the same genus.
Willowish	Having the color of the willow; resembling the willow; willowy.
Willow-thorn	A thorny European shrub (Hippophae rhamnoides) resembling a willow.
Willow-weed	A European species of loosestrife (Lysimachia vulgaris).
Willow-weed	Any kind of Polygonum with willowlike foliage.
Willow-wort	Same as Willow-weed.
Willow-wort	Any plant of the order Salicaceae, or the Willow family.
Willowy	Abounding with willows.
Willowy	Resembling a willow; pliant; flexible; pendent; drooping; graceful.
Willsome	Willful; obstinate.
Willsome	Fat; indolent.
Willsome	Doubtful; uncertain.
Willy	A large wicker basket.
Willy	Same as 1st Willow, 2.
Willying	The process of cleansing wool, cotton, or the like, with a willy, or willow.
Willy nilly	See Will I, nill I, etc., under 3d Will.
Wilne	To wish; to desire.
Wilt	2d pers. sing. of Will.
Wilting	of Wilt
Wilt	To begin to wither; to lose freshness and become flaccid, as a plant when exposed when exposed to drought, or to great heat in a dry day, or when separated from its root; to droop;. to wither.
Wilt	To cause to begin to wither; to make flaccid, as a green plant.
Wilt	Hence, to cause to languish; to depress or destroy the vigor and energy of.
Wilton carpet	A kind of carpet woven with loops like the Brussels, but differing from it in having the loops cut so as to form an elastic velvet pile; -- so called because made originally at Wilton, England.
Wilwe	Willow.
Wily	Full of wiles, tricks, or stratagems; using craft or stratagem to accomplish a purpose; mischievously artful; subtle.
Wimble	An instrument for boring holes, turned by a handle.
Wimble	A gimlet.
Wimble	A stonecutter's brace for boring holes in stone.
Wimble	An auger used for boring in earth.
Wimbled	of Wimble
Wimbling	of Wimble
Wimble	To bore or pierce, as with a wimble.
Wimble	Active; nimble.
Wimbrel	The whimbrel.
Wimple	A covering of silk, linen, or other material, for the neck and chin, formerly worn by women as an outdoor protection, and still retained in the dress of nuns.
Wimple	A flag or streamer.
Wimpled	of Wimple
Wimpling	of Wimple
Wimple	To clothe with a wimple; to cover, as with a veil; hence, to hoodwink.
Wimple	To draw down, as a veil; to lay in folds or plaits, as a veil.
Wimple	To cause to appear as if laid in folds or plaits; to cause to ripple or undulate; as, the wind wimples the surface of water.
Wimple	To lie in folds; also, to appear as if laid in folds or plaits; to ripple; to undulate.
Won	of Win
Wan	of Win
Winning	of Win
Win	To gain by superiority in competition or contest; to obtain by victory over competitors or rivals; as, to win the prize in a gate; to win money; to win a battle, or to win a country.
Win	To allure to kindness; to bring to compliance; to gain or obtain, as by solicitation or courtship.
Win	To gain over to one's side or party; to obtain the favor, friendship, or support of; to render friendly or approving; as, to win an enemy; to win a jury.
Win	To come to by toil or effort; to reach; to overtake.
Win	To extract, as ore or coal.
Win	To gain the victory; to be successful; to triumph; to prevail.
Winced	of Wince
Wincing	of Wince
Wince	To shrink, as from a blow, or from pain; to flinch; to start back.
Wince	To kick or flounce when unsteady, or impatient at a rider; as, a horse winces.
Wince	The act of one who winces.
Wince	A reel used in dyeing, steeping, or washing cloth; a winch. It is placed over the division wall between two wince pits so as to allow the cloth to descend into either compartment. at will.
Wincer	One who, or that which, winces, shrinks, or kicks.
Wincey	Linsey-woolsey.
Winch	To wince; to shrink; to kick with impatience or uneasiness.
Winch	A kick, as of a beast, from impatience or uneasiness.
Winch	A crank with a handle, for giving motion to a machine, a grindstone, etc.
Winch	An instrument with which to turn or strain something forcibly.
Winch	An axle or drum turned by a crank with a handle, or by power, for raising weights, as from the hold of a ship, from mines, etc.; a windlass.
Winch	A wince.
Wincing	The act of washing cloth, dipping it in dye, etc., with a wince.
Wincopipe	A little red flower, no doubt the pimpernel, which, when it opens in the morning, is supposed to bode a fair day.  See Pimpernel.
Wound	of Wind
Winded	of Wind
Winding	of Wind
Wind	To turn completely, or with repeated turns; especially, to turn about something fixed; to cause to form convolutions about anything; to coil; to twine; to twist; to wreathe; as, to wind thread on a spool or into a ball.
Wind	To entwist; to infold; to encircle.
Wind	To have complete control over; to turn and bend at one's pleasure; to vary or alter or will; to regulate; to govern.
Wind	To introduce by insinuation; to insinuate.
Wind	To cover or surround with something coiled about; as, to wind a rope with twine.
Wind	To turn completely or repeatedly; to become coiled about anything; to assume a convolved or spiral form; as, vines wind round a pole.
Wind	To have a circular course or direction; to crook; to bend; to meander; as, to wind in and out among trees.
Wind	To go to the one side or the other; to move this way and that; to double on one's course; as, a hare pursued turns and winds.
Wind	The act of winding or turning; a turn; a bend; a twist; a winding.
Wind	Air naturally in motion with any degree of velocity; a current of air.
Wind	Air artificially put in motion by any force or action; as, the wind of a cannon ball; the wind of a bellows.
Wind	Breath modulated by the respiratory and vocal organs, or by an instrument.
Wind	Power of respiration; breath.
Wind	Air or gas generated in the stomach or bowels; flatulence; as, to be troubled with wind.
Wind	Air impregnated with an odor or scent.
Wind	A direction from which the wind may blow; a point of the compass; especially, one of the cardinal points, which are often called the four winds.
Wind	A disease of sheep, in which the intestines are distended with air, or rather affected with a violent inflammation. It occurs immediately after shearing.
Wind	Mere breath or talk; empty effort; idle words.
Wind	The dotterel.
Winded	of Wind
Winding	of Wind
Wind	To expose to the wind; to winnow; to ventilate.
Wind	To perceive or follow by the scent; to scent; to nose; as, the hounds winded the game.
Wind	To drive hard, or force to violent exertion, as a horse, so as to render scant of wind; to put out of breath.
Wind	To rest, as a horse, in order to allow the breath to be recovered; to breathe.
Wound	of Wind
Winded	of Wind
Winding	of Wind
Wind	To blow; to sound by blowing; esp., to sound with prolonged and mutually involved notes.
Windage	The difference between the diameter of the bore of a gun and that of the shot fired from it.
Windage	The sudden compression of the air caused by a projectile in passing close to another body.
Windas	See 3d Windlass.
Windbore	The lower, or bottom, pipe in a lift of pumps in a mine.
Windbound	prevented from sailing, by a contrary wind.  See Weatherbound.
Wind-break	To break the wind of; to cause to lose breath; to exhaust.
Wind-break	A clump of trees serving for a protection against the force of wind.
Wind-broken	Having the power of breathing impaired by the rupture, dilatation, or running together of air cells of the lungs, so that while the inspiration is by one effort, the expiration is by two; affected with pulmonary emphysema or with heaves; -- said of a horse.
Winder	One who, or that which, winds; hence, a creeping or winding plant.
Winder	An apparatus used for winding silk, cotton, etc., on spools, bobbins, reels, or the like.
Winder	One in a flight of steps which are curved in plan, so that each tread is broader at one end than at the other; -- distinguished from flyer.
Winder	To fan; to clean grain with a fan.
Winder	A blow taking away the breath.
Winder	To wither; to fail.
Windfall	Anything blown down or off by the wind, as fruit from a tree, or the tree itself, or a portion of a forest prostrated by a violent wind, etc.
Windfall	An unexpected legacy, or other gain.
Windfallen	Blown down by the wind.
Wind-fertilized	Anemophilous; fertilized by pollen borne by the wind.
Windflower	The anemone; -- so called because formerly supposed to open only when the wind was blowing.  See Anemone.
Windgall	A soft tumor or synovial swelling on the fetlock joint of a horse; -- so called from having formerly been supposed to contain air.
Windhover	The kestrel; -- called also windbibber, windcuffer, windfanner.
Windiness	The quality or state of being windy or tempestuous; as, the windiness of the weather or the season.
Windiness	Fullness of wind; flatulence.
Windiness	Tendency to generate wind or gas; tendency to produce flatulence; as, the windiness of vegetables.
Windiness	Tumor; puffiness.
Winding	A call by the boatswain's whistle.
Winding	Twisting from a direct line or an even surface; circuitous.
Winding	A turn or turning; a bend; a curve; flexure; meander; as, the windings of a road or stream.
Winding	A line- or ribbon-shaped material (as wire, string, or bandaging) wound around an object; as, the windings (conducting wires) wound around the armature of an electric motor or generator.
Windingly	In a winding manner.
Windlace	See Windlass.
Windlass	A winding and circuitous way; a roundabout course; a shift.
Windlass	To take a roundabout course; to work warily or by indirect means.
Windlass	A machine for raising weights, consisting of a horizontal cylinder or roller moving on its axis, and turned by a crank, lever, or similar means, so as to wind up a rope or chain attached to the weight. In vessels the windlass is often used instead of the capstan for raising the anchor. It is usually set upon the forecastle, and is worked by hand or steam.
Windlass	An apparatus resembling a winch or windlass, for bending the bow of an arblast, or crossbow.
Windlass	To raise with, or as with, a windlass; to use a windlass.
Windle	A spindle; a kind of reel; a winch.
Windle	The redwing.
Windless	Having no wind; calm.
Windless	Wanting wind; out of breath.
Windlestrae	Alt. of Windlestraw
Windlestraw	A grass used for making ropes or for plaiting, esp. Agrostis Spica-ventis.
Windmill	A mill operated by the power of the wind, usually by the action of the wind upon oblique vanes or sails which radiate from a horizontal shaft.
Windore	A window.
Window	An opening in the wall of a building for the admission of light and air, usually closed by casements or sashes containing some transparent material, as glass, and capable of being opened and shut at pleasure.
Window	The shutter, casement, sash with its fittings, or other framework, which closes a window opening.
Window	A figure formed of lines crossing each other.
Windowed	of Window
Windowing	of Window
Window	To furnish with windows.
Window	To place at or in a window.
Windowed	Having windows or openings.
Windowless	Destitute of a window.
Windowpane	See Pane, n., (3) b.
Windowpane	A thin, spotted American turbot (Pleuronectes maculatus) remarkable for its translucency. It is not valued as a food fish. Called also spotted turbot, daylight, spotted sand flounder, and water flounder.
Windowy	Having little crossings or openings like the sashes of a window.
Windpipe	The passage for the breath from the larynx to the lungs; the trachea; the weasand.  See Illust. under Lung.
Wind-plant	A windflower.
Wind-rode	Caused to ride or drive by the wind in opposition to the course of the tide; -- said of a vessel lying at anchor, with wind and tide opposed to each other.
Windrow	A row or line of hay raked together for the purpose of being rolled into cocks or heaps.
Windrow	Sheaves of grain set up in a row, one against another, that the wind may blow between them.
Windrow	The green border of a field, dug up in order to carry the earth on other land to mend it.
Windrowed	of Windrow
Windrowing	of Windrow
Windrow	To arrange in lines or windrows, as hay when newly made.
Windsor	A town in Berkshire, England.
Windstorm	A storm characterized by high wind with little or no rain.
Wind-sucker	A horse given to wind-sucking
Wind-sucker	The kestrel.
Wind-sucking	A vicious habit of a horse, consisting in the swallowing of air; -- usually associated with crib-biting, or cribbing.  See Cribbing, 4.
Windtight	So tight as to prevent the passing through of wind.
Windward	The point or side from which the wind blows; as, to ply to the windward; -- opposed to leeward.
Windward	Situated toward the point from which the wind blows; as, the Windward Islands.
Windward	Toward the wind; in the direction from which the wind blows.
Windy	Consisting of wind; accompanied or characterized by wind; exposed to wind.
Windy	Next the wind; windward.
Windy	Tempestuous; boisterous; as, windy weather.
Windy	Serving to occasion wind or gas in the intestines; flatulent; as, windy food.
Windy	Attended or caused by wind, or gas, in the intestines.
Windy	Fig.: Empty; airy.
Wine	The expressed juice of grapes, esp. when fermented; a beverage or liquor prepared from grapes by squeezing out their juice, and (usually) allowing it to ferment.
Wine	A liquor or beverage prepared from the juice of any fruit or plant by a process similar to that for grape wine; as, currant wine; gooseberry wine; palm wine.
Wine	The effect of drinking wine in excess; intoxication.
Wineberry	The red currant.
Wineberry	The bilberry.
Wineberry	A peculiar New Zealand shrub (Coriaria ruscifolia), in which the petals ripen and afford an abundant purple juice from which a kind of wine is made. The plant also grows in Chili.
Winebibber	One who drinks much wine.
Wineglass	A small glass from which to drink wine.
Wineglassfuls	of Wineglassful
Wineglassful	As much as a wineglass will hold; enough to fill a wineglass. It is usually reckoned at two fluid ounces, or four tablespoonfuls.
Wineless	destitute of wine; as, wineless life.
Winery	A place where grapes are converted into wine.
Wing	One of the two anterior limbs of a bird, pterodactyl, or bat. They correspond to the arms of man, and are usually modified for flight, but in the case of a few species of birds, as the ostrich, auk, etc., the wings are used only as an assistance in running or swimming.
Wing	Any similar member or instrument used for the purpose of flying.
Wing	One of the two pairs of upper thoracic appendages of most hexapod insects.  They are broad, fanlike organs formed of a double membrane and strengthened by chitinous veins or nervures.
Wing	One of the large pectoral fins of the flying fishes.
Wing	Passage by flying; flight; as, to take wing.
Wing	Motive or instrument of flight; means of flight or of rapid motion.
Wing	Anything which agitates the air as a wing does, or which is put in winglike motion by the action of the air, as a fan or vane for winnowing grain, the vane or sail of a windmill, etc.
Wing	An ornament worn on the shoulder; a small epaulet or shoulder knot.
Wing	Any appendage resembling the wing of a bird or insect in shape or appearance.
Wing	One of the broad, thin, anterior lobes of the foot of a pteropod, used as an organ in swimming.
Wing	Any membranaceous expansion, as that along the sides of certain stems, or of a fruit of the kind called samara.
Wing	Either of the two side petals of a papilionaceous flower.
Wing	One of two corresponding appendages attached; a sidepiece.
Wing	A side building, less than the main edifice; as, one of the wings of a palace.
Wing	The longer side of crownworks, etc., connecting them with the main work.
Wing	A side shoot of a tree or plant; a branch growing up by the side of another.
Wing	The right or left division of an army, regiment, etc.
Wing	That part of the hold or orlop of a vessel which is nearest the sides.  In a fleet, one of the extremities when the ships are drawn up in line, or when forming the two sides of a triangle.
Wing	One of the sides of the stags in a theater.
Winged	of Wing
Winging	of Wing
Wing	To furnish with wings; to enable to fly, or to move with celerity.
Wing	To supply with wings or sidepieces.
Wing	To transport by flight; to cause to fly.
Wing	To move through in flight; to fly through.
Wing	To cut off the wings of; to wound in the wing; to disable a wing of; as, to wing a bird.
Winged	Furnished with wings; transported by flying; having winglike expansions.
Winged	Soaring with wings, or as if with wings; hence, elevated; lofty; sublime.
Winged	Swift; rapid.
Winged	Wounded or hurt in the wing.
Winged	Furnished with a leaflike appendage, as the fruit of the elm and the ash, or the stem in certain plants; alate.
Winged	Represented with wings, or having wings, of a different tincture from the body.
Winged	Fanned with wings; swarming with birds.
Winger	One of the casks stowed in the wings of a vessel's hold, being smaller than such as are stowed more amidships.
Wingfish	A sea robin having large, winglike pectoral fins.  See Sea robin, under Robin.
Wing-footed	Having wings attached to the feet; as, wing-footed Mercury; hence, swift; moving with rapidity; fleet.
Wing-footed	Having part or all of the feet adapted for flying.
Wing-footed	Having the anterior lobes of the foot so modified as to form a pair of winglike swimming organs; -- said of the pteropod mollusks.
Wing-handed	Having the anterior limbs or hands adapted for flight, as the bats and pterodactyls.
Wing-leaved	Having pinnate or pinnately divided leaves.
Wingless	Having no wings; not able to ascend or fly.
Winglet	A little wing; a very small wing.
Winglet	A bastard wing, or alula.
Wingmanship	Power or skill in flying.
Wing-shell	Any one of various species of marine bivalve shells belonging to the genus Avicula, in which the hinge border projects like a wing.
Wing-shell	Any marine gastropod shell of the genus Strombus.  See Strombus.
Wing-shell	Any pteropod shell.
Wingy	Having wings; rapid.
Wingy	Soaring with wings, or as if with wings; volatile airy.
Winked	of Wink
Winking	of Wink
Wink	To nod; to sleep; to nap.
Wink	To shut the eyes quickly; to close the eyelids with a quick motion.
Wink	To close and open the eyelids quickly; to nictitate; to blink.
Wink	To give a hint by a motion of the eyelids, often those of one eye only.
Wink	To avoid taking notice, as if by shutting the eyes; to connive at anything; to be tolerant; -- generally with at.
Wink	To be dim and flicker; as, the light winks.
Wink	To cause (the eyes) to wink.
Wink	The act of closing, or closing and opening, the eyelids quickly; hence, the time necessary for such an act; a moment.
Wink	A hint given by shutting the eye with a significant cast.
Winker	One who winks.
Winker	A horse's blinder; a blinker.
Winkingly	In a winking manner; with the eye almost closed.
Winkle	Any periwinkle.
Winkle	Any one of various marine spiral gastropods, esp., in the United States, either of two species of Fulgar (F. canaliculata, and F. carica).
Winkle-hawk	A rectangular rent made in cloth; -- called also winkle-hole.
Winnard 2	The redwing.
Winnebagoes	A tribe of North American Indians who originally occupied the region about Green Bay, Lake Michigan, but were driven back from the lake and nearly exterminated in 1640 by the IIlinnois.
Winner	One who wins, or gains by success in competition, contest, or gaming.
Winning	Attracting; adapted to gain favor; charming; as, a winning address.
Winning	The act of obtaining something, as in a contest or by competition.
Winning	The money, etc., gained by success in competition or contest, esp, in gambling; -- usually in the plural.
Winning	A new opening.
Winning	The portion of a coal field out for working.
Winningly	In a winning manner.
Winningness	The quality or state of being winning.
Winninish	The land-locked variety of the common salmon.
Winnowed	of Winnew
Winnowing	of Winnew
Winnew	To separate, and drive off, the chaff from by means of wind; to fan; as, to winnow grain.
Winnew	To sift, as for the purpose of separating falsehood from truth; to separate, as had from good.
Winnew	To beat with wings, or as with wings.
Winnow	To separate chaff from grain.
Winnower	One who, or that which, winnows; specifically, a winnowing machine.
Winnowing	The act of one who, or that which, winnows.
Winrow	A windrow.
Winsing	Winsome.
Winsome	Cheerful; merry; gay; light-hearted.
Winsome	Causing joy or pleasure; gladsome; pleasant.
Winsomeness	The characteristic of being winsome; attractiveness of manner.
Winter	The season of the year in which the sun shines most obliquely upon any region; the coldest season of the year.
Winter	The period of decay, old age, death, or the like.
Wintered	of Winter
Wintering	of Winter
Winter	To pass the winter; to hibernate; as, to winter in Florida.
Winter	To keep, feed or manage, during the winter; as, to winter young cattle on straw.
Winter-beaten	Beaten or harassed by the severe weather of winter.
Wintergreen	A plant which keeps its leaves green through the winter.
Winter-ground	To coved over in the season of winter, as for protection or shelter; as, to winter-ground the roods of a plant.
Winterkilled	of Winterkill
Winterkilling	of Winterkill
Winterkill	To kill by the cold, or exposure to the inclemency of winter; as, the wheat was winterkilled.
Winterly	Like winter; wintry; cold; hence, disagreeable, cheerless; as, winterly news.
Winter-proud	Having too rank or forward a growth for winter.
Winter-rig	To fallow or till in winter.
Winter's bark	The aromatic bark of tree (Drimys, / Drymis, Winteri) of the Magnolia family, which is found in Southern Chili. It was first used as a cure for scurvy by its discoverer, Captain John Winter, vice admiral to sir Francis Drake, in 1577.
Wintertide	Winter time.
Winterweed	A kind of speedwell (Veronica hederifolia) which spreads chiefly in winter.
Wintery	Wintry.
Wintry	Suitable to winter; resembling winter, or what belongs to winter; brumal; hyemal; cold; stormy; wintery.
Winy	Having the taste or qualities of wine; vinous; as, grapes of a winy taste.
Winze	A small shaft sunk from one level to another, as for the purpose of ventilation.
Wipe	The lapwing.
Wiped	of Wipe
Wiping	of Wipe
Wipe	To rub with something soft for cleaning; to clean or dry by rubbing; as, to wipe the hands or face with a towel.
Wipe	To remove by rubbing; to rub off; to obliterate; -- usually followed by away, off or out. Also used figuratively.
Wipe	To cheat; to defraud; to trick; -- usually followed by out.
Wipe	Act of rubbing, esp. in order to clean.
Wipe	A blow; a stroke; a hit; a swipe.
Wipe	A gibe; a jeer; a severe sarcasm.
Wipe	A handkerchief.
Wipe	Stain; brand.
Wiper	One who, or that which, wipes.
Wiper	Something used for wiping, as a towel or rag.
Wiper	A piece generally projecting from a rotating or swinging piece, as an axle or rock shaft, for the purpose of raising stampers, lifting rods, or the like, and leaving them to fall by their own weight; a kind of cam.
Wiper	A rod, or an attachment for a rod, for holding a rag with which to wipe out the bore of the barrel.
Wirbled	of Wirble
Wirbling	of Wirble
Wirble	To whirl; to eddy.
Wirche	To work
Wire	A thread or slender rod of metal; a metallic substance formed to an even thread by being passed between grooved rollers, or drawn through holes in a plate of steel.
Wire	A telegraph wire or cable; hence, an electric telegraph; as, to send a message by wire.
Wired	of Wire
Wiring	of Wire
Wire	To bind with wire; to attach with wires; to apply wire to; as, to wire corks in bottling liquors.
Wire	To put upon a wire; as, to wire beads.
Wire	To snare by means of a wire or wires.
Wire	To send (a message) by telegraph.
Wire	To pass like a wire; to flow in a wirelike form, or in a tenuous stream.
Wire	To send a telegraphic message.
Wiredrew	of Wiredraw
Wiredrawn	of Wiredraw
Wiredrawing	of Wiredraw
Wiredraw	To form (a piece of metal) into wire, by drawing it through a hole in a plate of steel.
Wiredraw	Hence, to draw by art or violence.
Wiredraw	Hence, also, to draw or spin out to great length and tenuity; as, to wiredraw an argument.
Wiredraw	To pass, or to draw off, (as steam) through narrow ports, or the like, thus reducing its pressure or force by friction.
Wire-drawer	One who draws metal into wire.
Wire-heel	A disease in the feet of a horse or other beast.
Wire-puller	One who pulls the wires, as of a puppet; hence, one who operates by secret means; an intriguer.
Wire-pulling	The act of pulling the wires, as of a puppet; hence, secret influence or management, especially in politics; intrigue.
Wire-tailed	Having some or all of the tail quills terminated in a long, slender, pointed shaft, without a web or barbules.
Wirework	Work, especially openwork, formed of wires.
Wire-worker	One who manufactures articles from wire.
Wireworm	One of the larvae of various species of snapping beetles, or elaters; -- so called from their slenderness and the uncommon hardness of the integument.  Wireworms are sometimes very destructive to the roots of plants.  Called also wire grub.
Wireworm	A galleyworm.
Wiriness	The quality of being wiry.
Wiry	Made of wire; like wire; drawn out like wire.
Wiry	Capable of endurance; tough; sinewy; as, a wiry frame or constitution.
Wis	Certainly; really; indeed.
Wis	To think; to suppose; to imagine; -- used chiefly in the first person sing. present tense, I wis.  See the Note under Ywis.
Wisard	See Wizard.
Wisdom	The quality of being wise; knowledge, and the capacity to make due use of it; knowledge of the best ends and the best means; discernment and judgment; discretion; sagacity; skill; dexterity.
Wisdom	The results of wise judgments; scientific or practical truth; acquired knowledge; erudition.
Wise	Having knowledge; knowing; enlightened; of extensive information; erudite; learned.
Wise	Hence, especially, making due use of knowledge; discerning and judging soundly concerning what is true or false, proper or improper; choosing the best ends and the best means for accomplishing them; sagacious.
Wise	Versed in art or science; skillful; dexterous; specifically, skilled in divination.
Wise	Hence, prudent; calculating; shrewd; wary; subtle; crafty.
Wise	Dictated or guided by wisdom; containing or exhibiting wisdom; well adapted to produce good effects; judicious; discreet; as, a wise saying; a wise scheme or plan; wise conduct or management; a wise determination.
Wise	Way of being or acting; manner; mode; fashion.
Wiseacre	A learned or wise man.
Wiseacre	One who makes undue pretensions to wisdom; a would-be-wise person; hence, in contempt, a simpleton; a dunce.
Wise-hearted	Wise; knowing; skillful; sapient; erudite; prudent.
Wise-like	Resembling that which is wise or sensible; judicious.
Wiseling	One who pretends to be wise; a wiseacre; a witling.
Wisely	In a wise manner; prudently; judiciously; discreetly; with wisdom.
Wiseness	Wisdom.
Wished	of Wish
Wishing	of Wish
Wish	To have a desire or yearning; to long; to hanker.
Wish	To desire; to long for; to hanker after; to have a mind or disposition toward.
Wish	To frame or express desires concerning; to invoke in favor of, or against, any one; to attribute, or cal down, in desire; to invoke; to imprecate.
Wish	To recommend; to seek confidence or favor in behalf of.
Wish	Desire; eager desire; longing.
Wish	Expression of desire; request; petition; hence, invocation or imprecation.
Wish	A thing desired; an object of desire.
Wishable	Capable or worthy of being wished for; desirable.
Wishbone	The forked bone in front of the breastbone in birds; -- called also merrythought, and wishing bone.  See Merrythought, and Furculum.
Wishedly	According to wish; conformably to desire.
Wisher	One who wishes or desires; one who expresses a wish.
Wishful	Having desire, or ardent desire; longing.
Wishful	Showing desire; as, wishful eyes.
Wishful	Desirable; exciting wishes.
Wishing	a. & n. from Wish, v. t.
Wishly	According to desire; longingly; with wishes.
Wishtonwish	The prairie dog.
Wish-wash	Any weak, thin drink.
Wishy-washy	Thin and pale; weak; without strength or substance; -- originally said of liquids. Fig., weak-minded; spiritless.
Wishy-washy	A weak or thin drink or liquor; wish-wash.
Wisket	A whisket, or basket.
Wisly	Certainly.
Wisp	A small bundle, as of straw or other like substance.
Wisp	A whisk, or small broom.
Wisp	A Will-o'-the-wisp; an ignis fatuus.
Wisped	of Wisp
Wisping	of Wisp
Wisp	To brush or dress, an with a wisp.
Wisp	To rumple.
Wispen	Formed of a wisp, or of wisp; as, a wispen broom.
Wisse	To show; to teach; to inform; to guide; to direct.
Wist	Knew.
Wistaria	A genus of climbing leguminous plants bearing long, pendulous clusters of pale bluish flowers.
Wistful	Longing; wishful; desirous.
Wistful	Full of thought; eagerly attentive; meditative; musing; pensive; contemplative.
Wistit	A small South American monkey; a marmoset.
Wistly	Attentively; observingly.
Wistonwish	See Wishtonwish.
Wit	of Wit
Wot	of Wit
Wite	of Wit
Wist(e)	of Wit
Wist	of Wit
Wit(t)ing	of Wit
Wit	To know; to learn.
Wit	Mind; intellect; understanding; sense.
Wit	A mental faculty, or power of the mind; -- used in this sense chiefly in the plural, and in certain phrases; as, to lose one's wits; at one's wits' end, and the like.
Wit	Felicitous association of objects not usually connected, so as to produce a pleasant surprise; also. the power of readily combining objects in such a manner.
Wit	A person of eminent sense or knowledge; a man of genius, fancy, or humor; one distinguished for bright or amusing sayings, for repartee, and the like.
Witch	A cone of paper which is placed in a vessel of lard or other fat, and used as a taper.
Witch	One who practices the black art, or magic; one regarded as possessing supernatural or magical power by compact with an evil spirit, esp. with the Devil; a sorcerer or sorceress; -- now applied chiefly or only to women, but formerly used of men as well.
Witch	An ugly old woman; a hag.
Witch	One who exercises more than common power of attraction; a charming or bewitching person; also, one given to mischief; -- said especially of a woman or child.
Witch	A certain curve of the third order, described by Maria Agnesi under the name versiera.
Witch	The stormy petrel.
Witched	of Witch
Witching	of Witch
Witch	To bewitch; to fascinate; to enchant.
Witchcraft	The practices or art of witches; sorcery; enchantments; intercourse with evil spirits.
Witchcraft	Power more than natural; irresistible influence.
Witch-elm	See Wych-elm.
Witcheries	of Witchery
Witchery	Sorcery; enchantment; witchcraft.
Witchery	Fascination; irresistible influence; enchantment.
Witch-hazel	The wych-elm.
Witch-hazel	An American shrub or small tree (Hamamelis Virginica), which blossoms late in autumn.
Witching	That witches or enchants; suited to enchantment or witchcraft; bewitching.
Witch-tree	The witch-hazel.
Witchuck	The sand martin, or bank swallow.
Wit-cracker	One who breaks jests; a joker.
Witcraft	Art or skill of the mind; contrivance; invention; wit.
Witcraft	The art of reasoning; logic.
Wite	To reproach; to blame; to censure; also, to impute as blame.
Wite	Blame; reproach.
Witeless	Blameless.
Witen	pl. pres. of Wit.
Witenagemote	A meeting of wise men; the national council, or legislature, of England in the days of the Anglo-Saxons, before the Norman Conquest.
Witfish	The ladyfish (a).
Witful	Wise; sensible.
With	See Withe.
With	With denotes or expresses some situation or relation of nearness, proximity, association, connection, or the like.
With	To denote a close or direct relation of opposition or hostility; -- equivalent to against.
With	To denote association in respect of situation or environment; hence, among; in the company of.
With	To denote a connection of friendship, support, alliance, assistance, countenance, etc.; hence, on the side of.
With	To denote the accomplishment of cause, means, instrument, etc; -- sometimes equivalent to by.
With	To denote association in thought, as for comparison or contrast.
With	To denote simultaneous happening, or immediate succession or consequence.
With	To denote having as a possession or an appendage; as, the firmament with its stars; a bride with a large fortune.
Withal	With this; with that.
Withal	Together with this; likewise; at the same time; in addition; also.
Withal	With; -- put after its object, at the end of sentence or clause in which it stands.
Withamite	A variety of epidote, of a reddish color, found in Scotland.
Withdrew	of Withdraw
Withdrawn	of Withdraw
Withdrawing	of Withdraw
Withdraw	To take back or away, as what has been bestowed or enjoyed; to draw back; to cause to move away or retire; as, to withdraw aid, favor, capital, or the like.
Withdraw	To take back; to recall or retract; as, to withdraw false charges.
Withdraw	To retire; to retreat; to quit a company or place; to go away; as, he withdrew from the company.
Withdrawal	The act of withdrawing; withdrawment; retreat; retraction.
Withdrawer	One who withdraws; one who takes back, or retracts.
Withdrawing-room	A room for retirement from another room, as from a dining room; a drawing-room.
Withdrawment	The act of withdrawing; withdrawal.
Withe	A flexible, slender twig or branch used as a band; a willow or osier twig; a withy.
Withe	A band consisting of a twig twisted.
Withe	An iron attachment on one end of a mast or boom, with a ring, through which another mast or boom is rigged out and secured; a wythe.
Withe	A partition between flues in a chimney.
Withed	of Withe
Withing	of Withe
Withe	To bind or fasten with withes.
Withered	of Wither
Withering	of Wither
Wither	To fade; to lose freshness; to become sapless; to become sapless; to dry or shrivel up.
Wither	To lose or want animal moisture; to waste; to pin/ away, as animal bodies.
Wither	To lose vigor or power; to languish; to pass away.
Wither	To cause to fade, and become dry.
Wither	To cause to shrink, wrinkle, or decay, for want of animal moisture.
Wither	To cause to languish, perish, or pass away; to blight; as, a reputation withered by calumny.
Witherband	A piece of iron in a saddle near a horse's withers, to strengthen the bow.
Withered	Faded; dried up; shriveled; wilted; wasted; wasted away.
Withering	Tending to wither; causing to shrink or fade.
Witherite	Barium carbonate occurring in white or gray six-sided twin crystals, and also in columnar or granular masses.
Witherling	A withered person; one who is decrepit.
Withernam	A second or reciprocal distress of other goods in lieu of goods which were taken by a first distress and have been eloigned; a taking by way of reprisal; -- chiefly used in the expression capias in withernam, which is the name of a writ used in connection with the action of replevin (sometimes called a writ of reprisal), which issues to a defendant in replevin when he has obtained judgment for a return of the chattels replevied, and fails to obtain them on the writ of return.
Withe-rod	A North American shrub (Viburnum nudum) whose tough osierlike shoots are sometimes used for binding sheaves.
Withers	The ridge between the shoulder bones of a horse, at the base of the neck.  See Illust. of Horse.
Wither-wrung	Injured or hurt in the withers, as a horse.
Withheld	of Withhold
Withheld	of Withhold
Withholden	of Withhold
Withholding	of Withhold
Withhold	To hold back; to restrain; to keep from action.
Withhold	To retain; to keep back; not to grant; as, to withhold assent to a proposition.
Withhold	To keep; to maintain; to retain.
Withholder	One who withholds.
Withholdment	The act of withholding.
Within	In the inner or interior part of; inside of; not without; as, within doors.
Within	In the limits or compass of; not further in length than; as, within five miles; not longer in time than; as, within an hour; not exceeding in quantity; as, expenses kept within one's income.
Within	Hence, inside the limits, reach, or influence of; not going outside of; not beyond, overstepping, exceeding, or the like.
Within	In the inner part; inwardly; internally.
Within	In the house; in doors; as, the master is within.
Withinforth	Within; inside; inwardly.
Withinside	In the inner parts; inside.
Without	On or at the outside of; out of; not within; as, without doors.
Without	Out of the limits of; out of reach of; beyond.
Without	Not with; otherwise than with; in absence of, separation from, or destitution of; not with use or employment of; independently of; exclusively of; with omission; as, without labor; without damage.
Without	Unless; except; -- introducing a clause.
Without	On or art the outside; not on the inside; not within; outwardly; externally.
Without	Outside of the house; out of doors.
Without-door	Outdoor; exterior.
Withouten	Without.
Withoutforth	Without; outside' outwardly.  Cf. Withinforth.
Withsay	To contradict; to gainsay; to deny; to renounce.
Withset	To set against; to oppose.
Withstood	of Withstand
Withstanding	of Withstand
Withstand	To stand against; to oppose; to resist, either with physical or moral force; as, to withstand an attack of troops; to withstand eloquence or arguments.
Withstander	One who withstands, or opposes; an opponent; a resisting power.
Withstood	o/ Withstand.
Withvine	Quitch grass.
Withwind	A kind of bindweed (Convolvulus arvensis).
Withwine	Same as Withvine.
Withies	of Withy
Withy	The osier willow (Salix viminalis).  See Osier, n. (a).
Withy	A withe.  See Withe, 1.
Withy	Made of withes; like a withe; flexible and tough; also, abounding in withes.
Witing	Knowledge.
Witless	Destitute of wit or understanding; wanting thought; hence, indiscreet; not under the guidance of judgment.
Witling	A person who has little wit or understanding; a pretender to wit or smartness.
Witness	Attestation of a fact or an event; testimony.
Witness	That which furnishes evidence or proof.
Witness	One who is cognizant; a person who beholds, or otherwise has personal knowledge of, anything; as, an eyewitness; an earwitness.
Witness	One who testifies in a cause, or gives evidence before a judicial tribunal; as, the witness in court agreed in all essential facts.
Witness	One who sees the execution of an instrument, and subscribes it for the purpose of confirming its authenticity by his testimony; one who witnesses a will, a deed, a marriage, or the like.
Witnessed	of Witness
Witnessing	of Witness
Witness	To see or know by personal presence; to have direct cognizance of.
Witness	To give testimony to; to testify to; to attest.
Witness	To see the execution of, as an instrument, and subscribe it for the purpose of establishing its authenticity; as, to witness a bond or a deed.
Witness	To bear testimony; to give evidence; to testify.
Witnesser	One who witness.
Wit-snapper	One who affects repartee; a wit-cracker.
Wit-starved	Barren of wit; destitute of genius.
Witted	Having (such) a wit or understanding; as, a quick-witted boy.
Witticaster	A witling.
Witticism	A witty saying; a sentence or phrase which is affectedly witty; an attempt at wit; a conceit.
Wittified	Possessed of wit; witty.
Witily	In a witty manner; wisely; ingeniously; artfully; with it; with a delicate turn or phrase, or with an ingenious association of ideas.
Wittiness	The quality of being witty.
Wittingly	Knowingly; with knowledge; by design.
Wittol	The wheatear.
Wittol	A man who knows his wife's infidelity and submits to it; a tame cuckold; -- so called because the cuckoo lays its eggs in the wittol's nest.
Wittolly	Like a wittol; cuckoldly.
Witts	Tin ore freed from earthy matter by stamping.
Witty	Possessed of wit; knowing; wise; skillful; judicious; clever; cunning.
Witty	Especially, possessing wit or humor; good at repartee; droll; facetious; sometimes, sarcastic; as, a witty remark, poem, and the like.
Witwal	Alt. of Witwall
Witwall	The golden oriole.
Witwall	The greater spotted woodpecker.
Witworm	One who, or that which, feeds on or destroys wit.
Wived	of Wive
Wiving	of Wive
Wive	To marry, as a man; to take a wife.
Wive	To match to a wife; to provide with a wife.
Wive	To take for a wife; to marry.
Wivehood	Wifehood.
Wiveless	Wifeless.
Wively	Wifely.
Wiver	Alt. of Wivern
Wivern	A fabulous two-legged, winged creature, like a cockatrice, but having the head of a dragon, and without spurs.
Wivern	The weever.
Wives	pl. of Wife.
Wizard	A wise man; a sage.
Wizard	One devoted to the black art; a magician; a conjurer; a sorcerer; an enchanter.
Wizard	Enchanting; charming.
Wizard	Haunted by wizards.
Wizardly	Resembling or becoming a wizard; wizardlike; weird.
Wizardry	The character or practices o/ wizards; sorcery; magic.
Wizen	To wither; to dry.
Wizen	Wizened; thin; weazen; withered.
Wizen	The weasand.
Wizened	Dried; shriveled; withered; shrunken; weazen; as, a wizened old man.
Wizen-faced	Having a shriveled, thin, withered face.
Wlatsome	Loathsome; disgusting; hateful.
Wo	See Woe.
Woad	An herbaceous cruciferous plant (Isatis tinctoria). It was formerly cultivated for the blue coloring matter derived from its leaves.
Woad	A blue dyestuff, or coloring matter, consisting of the powdered and fermented leaves of the Isatis tinctoria. It is now superseded by indigo, but is somewhat used with indigo as a ferment in dyeing.
Woaded	Colored or stained with woad.
Woad-waxen	A leguminous plant (Genista tinctoria) of Europe and Russian Asia, and adventitious in America; -- called also greenwood, greenweed, dyer's greenweed, and whin, wood-wash, wood-wax, and wood-waxen.
Woald	See Weld.
Wobble	See Wabble.
Wode	Mad.  See Wood, a.
Wode	Wood.
Wodegeld	A geld, or payment, for wood.
Woden	A deity corresponding to Odin, the supreme deity of the Scandinavians.  Wednesday is named for him.  See Odin.
Woe	Grief; sorrow; misery; heavy calamity.
Woe	A curse; a malediction.
Woe	Woeful; sorrowful.
Woe-begone	Beset or overwhelmed with woe; immersed in grief or sorrow; woeful.
Woeful	Alt. of Woful
Woful	Full of woe; sorrowful; distressed with grief or calamity; afflicted; wretched; unhappy; sad.
Woful	Bringing calamity, distress, or affliction; as, a woeful event; woeful want.
Woful	Wretched; paltry; miserable; poor.
Woefully	Alt. of Wofully
Wofully	In a woeful manner; sorrowfully; mournfully; miserably; dolefully.
Woefulness	Alt. of Wofulness
Wofulness	The quality or state of being woeful; misery; wretchedness.
Woesome	Woeful.
Woke	Wake.
Wol	See 2d Will.
Wold	A wood; a forest.
Wold	A plain, or low hill; a country without wood, whether hilly or not.
Wold	See Weld.
Wolde	imp. of Will.  See Would.
Wolves	of Wolf
Wolf	Any one of several species of wild and savage carnivores belonging to the genus Canis and closely allied to the common dog. The best-known and most destructive species are the European wolf (Canis lupus), the American gray, or timber, wolf (C. occidentalis), and the prairie wolf, or coyote. Wolves often hunt in packs, and may thus attack large animals and even man.
Wolf	One of the destructive, and usually hairy, larvae of several species of beetles and grain moths; as, the bee wolf.
Wolf	Fig.: Any very ravenous, rapacious, or destructive person or thing; especially, want; starvation; as, they toiled hard to keep the wolf from the door.
Wolf	A white worm, or maggot, which infests granaries.
Wolf	An eating ulcer or sore.  Cf. Lupus.
Wolf	The harsh, howling sound of some of the chords on an organ or piano tuned by unequal temperament.
Wolf	In bowed instruments, a harshness due to defective vibration in certain notes of the scale.
Wolf	A willying machine.
Wolfberry	An American shrub (Symphoricarpus occidentalis) which bears soft white berries.
Wolffian	Discovered, or first described, by Caspar Friedrich Wolff (1733-1794), the founder of modern embryology.
Wolfish	Like a wolf; having the qualities or form of a wolf; as, a wolfish visage; wolfish designs.
Wolfkin	A little or young wolf.
Wolfling	A young wolf.
Wolfram	Same as Wolframite.
Wolframate	A salt of wolframic acid; a tungstate.
Wolframic	Of or pertaining to wolframium.  See Tungstic.
Wolframite	Tungstate of iron and manganese, generally of a brownish or grayish black color, submetallic luster, and high specific gravity. It occurs in cleavable masses, and also crystallized. Called also wolfram.
Wolframium	The technical name of the element tungsten.  See Tungsten.
Wolfsbane	A poisonous plant (Aconitum Lycoctonum), a kind of monkshood; also, by extension, any plant or species of the genus Aconitum.  See Aconite.
Wolf's-claw	A kind of club moss.  See Lycopodium.
Wolf's-foot	Club moss.  See Lycopodium.
Wolf's-milk	Any kind of spurge (Euphorbia); -- so called from its acrid milky juice.
Woll	See 2d Will.
Wollastonite	A silicate of lime of a white to gray, red, or yellow color, occurring generally in cleavable masses, rarely in tabular crystals; tabular spar.
Wolle	Wool.
Wolverene	Alt. of Wolverine
Wolverine	The glutton.
Wolverine	A nickname for an inhabitant of Michigan.
Wolves	pl. of Wolf.
Wolvish	Wolfish.
Women	of Woman
Woman	An adult female person; a grown-up female person, as distinguished from a man or a child; sometimes, any female person.
Woman	The female part of the human race; womankind.
Woman	A female attendant or servant.
Woman	To act the part of a woman in; -- with indefinite it.
Woman	To make effeminate or womanish.
Woman	To furnish with, or unite to, a woman.
Womanhead	Alt. of Womanhede
Womanhede	Womanhood.
Womanhood	The state of being a woman; the distinguishing character or qualities of a woman, or of womankind.
Womanhood	Women, collectively; womankind.
Womanish	Suitable to a woman, having the qualities of a woman; effeminate; not becoming a man; -- usually in a reproachful sense.  See the Note under Effeminate.
Womanize	To make like a woman; to make effeminate.
Womankind	The females of the human race; women, collectively.
Womanless	Without a woman or women.
Womanlike	Like a woman; womanly.
Womanliness	The quality or state of being womanly.
Womanly	Becoming a woman; feminine; as, womanly behavior.
Womanly	In the manner of a woman; with the grace, tenderness, or affection of a woman.
Womb	The belly; the abdomen.
Womb	The uterus.  See Uterus.
Womb	The place where anything is generated or produced.
Womb	Any cavity containing and enveloping anything.
Womb	To inclose in a womb, or as in a womb; to breed or hold in secret.
Wombat	Any one of three species of Australian burrowing marsupials of the genus Phascolomys, especially the common species (P. ursinus).  They are nocturnal in their habits, and feed mostly on roots.
Womby	Capacious.
Women	pl. of Woman.
Won	imp. & p. p. of Win.
Won	To dwell or abide.
Won	Dwelling; wone.
Wonder	That emotion which is excited by novelty, or the presentation to the sight or mind of something new, unusual, strange, great, extraordinary, or not well understood; surprise; astonishment; admiration; amazement.
Wonder	A cause of wonder; that which excites surprise; a strange thing; a prodigy; a miracle.
Wondered	of Wonder
Wondering	of Wonder
Wonder	To be affected with surprise or admiration; to be struck with astonishment; to be amazed; to marvel.
Wonder	To feel doubt and curiosity; to wait with uncertain expectation; to query in the mind; as, he wondered why they came.
Wonder	Wonderful.
Wonder	Wonderfully.
Wondered	Having performed wonders; able to perform wonderful things.
Wonderer	One who wonders.
Wonderful	Adapted to excite wonder or admiration; surprising; strange; astonishing.
Wonderingly	In a wondering manner.
Wonderland	A land full of wonders, or marvels.
Wonderly	Wonderfully; wondrously.
Wonderment	Surprise; astonishment; a wonderful appearance; a wonder.
Wonderous	Same as Wondrous.
Wonders	See Wondrous.
Wonderstruck	Struck with wonder, admiration, or surprise.
Wonderwork	A wonderful work or act; a prodigy; a miracle.
Wonder-worker	One who performs wonders, or miracles.
Wonder-working	Doing wonders or surprising things.
Wondrous	In a wonderful or surprising manner or degree; wonderfully.
Wondrous	Wonderful; astonishing; admirable; marvelous; such as excite surprise and astonishment; strange.
Wone	To dwell; to abide.
Wone	Dwelling; habitation; abode.
Wone	Custom; habit; wont; use; usage.
Wong	A field.
Wonger	See Wanger.
Woning	Dwelling.
Won't	A colloquial contraction of woll not. Will not.  See Will.
Wont	Using or doing customarily; accustomed; habituated; used.
Wont	Custom; habit; use; usage.
Wont	of Wont
Wont	of Wont
Wonted	of Wont
Wonting	of Wont
Wont	To be accustomed or habituated; to be used.
Wont	To accustom; -- used reflexively.
Wonted	Accustomed; customary; usual.
Wontedness	The quality or state of being accustomed.
Wontless	Unaccustomed.
Wooed	of Woo
Wooing	of Woo
Woo	To solicit in love; to court.
Woo	To court solicitously; to invite with importunity.
Woo	To court; to make love.
Wood	Mad; insane; possessed; rabid; furious; frantic.
Wood	To grow mad; to act like a madman; to mad.
Wood	A large and thick collection of trees; a forest or grove; -- frequently used in the plural.
Wood	The substance of trees and the like; the hard fibrous substance which composes the body of a tree and its branches, and which is covered by the bark; timber.
Wood	The fibrous material which makes up the greater part of the stems and branches of trees and shrubby plants, and is found to a less extent in herbaceous stems. It consists of elongated tubular or needle-shaped cells of various kinds, usually interwoven with the shinning bands called silver grain.
Wood	Trees cut or sawed for the fire or other uses.
Wooded	of Wood
Wooding	of Wood
Wood	To supply with wood, or get supplies of wood for; as, to wood a steamboat or a locomotive.
Wood	To take or get a supply of wood.
Woodbind	Woodbine.
Woodbine	A climbing plant having flowers of great fragrance (Lonicera Periclymenum); the honeysuckle.
Woodbine	The Virginia creeper.  See Virginia creeper, under Virginia.
Wood-bound	Incumbered with tall, woody hedgerows.
Woodbury-type	A process in photographic printing, in which a relief pattern in gelatin, which has been hardened after certain operations, is pressed upon a plate of lead or other soft metal. An intaglio impression in thus produced, from which pictures may be directly printed, but by a slower process than in common printing.
Woodbury-type	A print from such a plate.
Woodchat	Any one of several species of Asiatic singing birds belonging to the genera Ianthia and Larvivora. They are closely allied to the European robin. The males are usually bright blue above, and more or less red or rufous beneath.
Woodchat	A European shrike (Enneoctonus rufus). In the male the head and nape are rufous red; the back, wings, and tail are black, varied with white.
Woodchuck	A common large North American marmot (Arctomys monax). It is usually reddish brown, more or less grizzled with gray. It makes extensive burrows, and is often injurious to growing crops. Called also ground hog.
Woodchuck	The yaffle, or green woodpecker.
Woodcock	Any one of several species of long-billed limicoline birds belonging to the genera Scolopax and Philohela. They are mostly nocturnal in their habits, and are highly esteemed as game birds.
Woodcock	Fig.: A simpleton.
Woodcracker	The nuthatch.
Woodcraft	Skill and practice in anything pertaining to the woods, especially in shooting, and other sports in the woods.
Woodcut	An engraving on wood; also, a print from it. Same as Wood cut, under Wood.
Woodcutter	A person who cuts wood.
Woodcutter	An engraver on wood.
Woodcutting	The act or employment of cutting wood or timber.
Woodcutting	The act or art of engraving on wood.
Wooded	Supplied or covered with wood, or trees; as, land wooded and watered.
Wooden	Made or consisting of wood; pertaining to, or resembling, wood; as, a wooden box; a wooden leg; a wooden wedding.
Wooden	Clumsy; awkward; ungainly; stiff; spiritless.
Woodenly	Clumsily; stupidly; blockishly.
Woodenness	Quality of being wooden; clumsiness; stupidity; blockishness.
Woodhack	Alt. of Woodhacker
Woodhacker	The yaffle.
Woodnewer	A woodpecker.
Woodhole	A place where wood is stored.
Woodhouse	A house or shed in which wood is stored, and sheltered from the weather.
Woodiness	The quality or state of being woody.
Woodknacker	The yaffle.
Woodland	Land covered with wood or trees; forest; land on which trees are suffered to grow, either for fuel or timber.
Woodland	Of or pertaining to woods or woodland; living in the forest; sylvan.
Woodlander	A dweller in a woodland.
Wood-layer	A young oak, or other timber plant, laid down in a hedge among the whitethorn or other plants used in hedges.
Woodless	Having no wood; destitute of wood.
Woodly	In a wood, mad, or raving manner; madly; furiously.
Woodmen	of Woodman
Woodman	A forest officer appointed to take care of the king's woods; a forester.
Woodman	A sportsman; a hunter.
Woodman	One who cuts down trees; a woodcutter.
Woodman	One who dwells in the woods or forest; a bushman.
Woodmeil	See Wadmol.
Woodmonger	A wood seller.
Woodness	Anger; madness; insanity; rage.
Wood-note	A wild or natural note, as of a forest bird.
Woodpeck	A woodpecker.
Woodpecker	Any one of numerous species of scansorial birds belonging to Picus and many allied genera of the family Picidae.
Woodrock	A compact woodlike variety of asbestus.
Woodruff	Alt. of Woodroof
Woodroof	A little European herb (Asperula odorata) having a pleasant taste. It is sometimes used for flavoring wine.  See Illust. of Whorl.
Wood-sare	A kind of froth seen on herbs.
Wood-sere	The time when there no sap in the trees; the winter season.
Woodsmen	of Woodsman
Woodsman	A woodman; especially, one who lives in the forest.
Wood's metal	A fusible alloy consisting of one or two parts of cadmium, two parts of tin, four of lead, with seven or eight part of bismuth. It melts at from 66 to 71 C.  See Fusible metal, under Fusible.
Woodstone	A striped variety of hornstone, resembling wood in appearance.
Woodsy	Of or pertaining to the woods or forest.
Wood tick	Any one of several species of ticks of the genus Ixodes whose young cling to bushes, but quickly fasten themselves upon the bodies of any animal with which they come in contact. When they attach themselves to the human body they often produce troublesome sores. The common species of the Northern United States is Ixodes unipunctata.
Woodwall	The yaffle.
Woodward	An officer of the forest, whose duty it was to guard the woods.
Woodwardia	A genus of ferns, one species of which (Woodwardia radicans) is a showy plant in California, the Azores, etc.
Wood-wash	Alt. of Wood-waxen
Wood-wax	Alt. of Wood-waxen
Wood-waxen	Same as Woadwaxen.
Woodwork	Work made of wood; that part of any structure which is wrought of wood.
Woodworm	See Wood worm, under Wood.
Woody	Abounding with wood or woods; as, woody land.
Woody	Consisting of, or containing, wood or woody fiber; ligneous; as, the woody parts of plants.
Woody	Of or pertaining to woods; sylvan.
Wooer	One who wooes; one who courts or solicits in love; a suitor.
Woof	The threads that cross the warp in a woven fabric; the weft; the filling; the thread usually carried by the shuttle in weaving.
Woof	Texture; cloth; as, a pall of softest woof.
Woofell	The European blackbird.
Woofy	Having a close texture; dense; as, a woofy cloud.
Woohoo	The sailfish.
Wooingly	In a wooing manner; enticingly; with persuasiveness.
Wook	Woke.
Wool	The soft and curled, or crisped, species of hair which grows on sheep and some other animals, and which in fineness sometimes approaches to fur; -- chiefly applied to the fleecy coat of the sheep, which constitutes a most essential material of clothing in all cold and temperate climates.
Wool	Short, thick hair, especially when crisped or curled.
Wool	A sort of pubescence, or a clothing of dense, curling hairs on the surface of certain plants.
Woolded	of Woold
Woolding	of Woold
Woold	To wind, or wrap; especially, to wind a rope round, as a mast or yard made of two or more pieces, at the place where it has been fished or scarfed, in order to strengthen it.
Woolder	A stick used to tighten the rope in woolding.
Woolder	One of the handles of the top, formed by a wooden pin passing through it.  See 1st Top, 2.
Woolding	The act of winding or wrapping anything with a rope, as a mast.
Woolding	A rope used for binding masts and spars.
Wool-dyed	Dyed before being made into cloth, in distinction from piece-dyed; ingrain.
Wooled	Having (such) wool; as, a fine-wooled sheep.
Woolen	Made of wool; consisting of wool; as, woolen goods.
Woolen	Of or pertaining to wool or woolen cloths; as, woolen manufactures; a woolen mill; a woolen draper.
Woolen	Cloth made of wool; woollen goods.
Woolenet	A thin, light fabric of wool.
Woolert	The barn owl.
Woolfell	A skin with the wool; a skin from which the wool has not been sheared or pulled.
Woolgathering	Indulging in a vagrant or idle exercise of the imagination; roaming upon a fruitless quest; idly fanciful.
Woolgathering	Indulgence in idle imagination; a foolish or useless pursuit or design.
Woolgrower	One who raises sheep for the production of wool.
Wool-hall	A trade market in the woolen districts.
Woolhead	The buffel duck.
Woolliness	The quality or state of being woolly.
Woolly	Consisting of wool; as, a woolly covering; a woolly fleece.
Woolly	Resembling wool; of the nature of wool.
Woolly	Clothed with wool.
Woolly	Clothed with a fine, curly pubescence resembling wool.
Woolly-head	A negro.
Woolmen	of Woolman
Woolman	One who deals in wool.
Woolpack	A pack or bag of wool weighing two hundred and forty pounds.
Woolsack	A sack or bag of wool; specifically, the seat of the lord chancellor of England in the House of Lords, being a large, square sack of wool resembling a divan in form.
Woolsey	Linsey-woolsey.
Woolstock	A heavy wooden hammer for milling cloth.
Woolward	In wool; with woolen raiment next the skin.
Woolward-going	A wearing of woolen clothes next the skin as a matter of penance.
Woon	Dwelling.  See Wone.
Woorali	Same as Curare.
Woosy	Oozy; wet.
Wootz	A species of steel imported from the East Indies, valued for making edge tools; Indian steel. It has in combination a minute portion of alumina and silica.
Wooyen	See Yuen.
Wopen	Wept.
Worble	See Wormil.
Word	The spoken sign of a conception or an idea; an articulate or vocal sound, or a combination of articulate and vocal sounds, uttered by the human voice, and by custom expressing an idea or ideas; a single component part of human speech or language; a constituent part of a sentence; a term; a vocable.
Word	Hence, the written or printed character, or combination of characters, expressing such a term; as, the words on a page.
Word	Talk; discourse; speech; language.
Word	Account; tidings; message; communication; information; -- used only in the singular.
Word	Signal; order; command; direction.
Word	Language considered as implying the faith or authority of the person who utters it; statement; affirmation; declaration; promise.
Word	Verbal contention; dispute.
Word	A brief remark or observation; an expression; a phrase, clause, or short sentence.
Word	To use words, as in discussion; to argue; to dispute.
Worded	of Word
Wording	of Word
Word	To express in words; to phrase.
Word	To ply with words; also, to cause to be by the use of a word or words.
Word	To flatter with words; to cajole.
Wordbook	A collection of words; a vocabulary; a dictionary; a lexicon.
Word-catcher	One who cavils at words.
Worder	A speaker.
Wordily	In a wordy manner.
Wordiness	The quality or state of being wordy, or abounding with words; verboseness.
Wording	The act or manner of expressing in words; style of expression; phrasing.
Wordish	Respecting words; full of words; wordy.
Wordle	One of several pivoted pieces forming the throat of an adjustable die used in drawing wire, lead pipe, etc.
Wordless	Not using words; not speaking; silent; speechless.
Wordsman	One who deals in words, or in mere words; a verbalist.
Wordy	Of or pertaining to words; consisting of words; verbal; as, a wordy war.
Wordy	Using many words; verbose; as, a wordy speaker.
Wordy	Containing many words; full of words.
Wore	imp. of Wear.
Wore	imp. of Ware.
Work	Exertion of strength or faculties; physical or intellectual effort directed to an end; industrial activity; toil; employment; sometimes, specifically, physically labor.
Work	The matter on which one is at work; that upon which one spends labor; material for working upon; subject of exertion; the thing occupying one; business; duty; as, to take up one's work; to drop one's work.
Work	That which is produced as the result of labor; anything accomplished by exertion or toil; product; performance; fabric; manufacture; in a more general sense, act, deed, service, effect, result, achievement, feat.
Work	Specifically: (a) That which is produced by mental labor; a composition; a book; as, a work, or the works, of Addison. (b) Flowers, figures, or the like, wrought with the needle; embroidery.
Work	Structures in civil, military, or naval engineering, as docks, bridges, embankments, trenches, fortifications, and the like; also, the structures and grounds of a manufacturing establishment; as, iron works; locomotive works; gas works.
Work	The moving parts of a mechanism; as, the works of a watch.
Work	Manner of working; management; treatment; as, unskillful work spoiled the effect.
Work	The causing of motion against a resisting force. The amount of work is proportioned to, and is measured by, the product of the force into the amount of motion along the direction of the force.  See Conservation of energy, under Conservation, Unit of work, under Unit, also Foot pound, Horse power, Poundal, and Erg.
Work	Ore before it is dressed.
Work	Performance of moral duties; righteous conduct.
Worked	of Work
Wrought	of Work
Working	of Work
Work	To exert one's self for a purpose; to put forth effort for the attainment of an object; to labor; to be engaged in the performance of a task, a duty, or the like.
Work	Hence, in a general sense, to operate; to act; to perform; as, a machine works well.
Work	Hence, figuratively, to be effective; to have effect or influence; to conduce.
Work	To carry on business; to be engaged or employed customarily; to perform the part of a laborer; to labor; to toil.
Work	To be in a state of severe exertion, or as if in such a state; to be tossed or agitated; to move heavily; to strain; to labor; as, a ship works in a heavy sea.
Work	To make one's way slowly and with difficulty; to move or penetrate laboriously; to proceed with effort; -- with a following preposition, as down, out, into, up, through, and the like; as, scheme works out by degrees; to work into the earth.
Work	To ferment, as a liquid.
Work	To act or operate on the stomach and bowels, as a cathartic.
Work	To labor or operate upon; to give exertion and effort to; to prepare for use, or to utilize, by labor.
Work	To produce or form by labor; to bring forth by exertion or toil; to accomplish; to originate; to effect; as, to work wood or iron into a form desired, or into a utensil; to work cotton or wool into cloth.
Work	To produce by slow degrees, or as if laboriously; to bring gradually into any state by action or motion.
Work	To influence by acting upon; to prevail upon; to manage; to lead.
Work	To form with a needle and thread or yarn; especially, to embroider; as, to work muslin.
Work	To set in motion or action; to direct the action of; to keep at work; to govern; to manage; as, to work a machine.
Work	To cause to ferment, as liquor.
Workable	Capable of being worked, or worth working; as, a workable mine; workable clay.
Workaday	See Workyday.
Workbag	A bag for holding implements or materials for work; especially, a reticule, or bag for holding needlework, and the like.
Workbasket	A basket for holding materials for needlework, or the like.
Workbench	A bench on which work is performed, as in a carpenter's shop.
Workbox	A box for holding instruments or materials for work.
Workday	A day on which work is performed, as distinguished from Sunday, festivals, etc., a working day.
Worker	One who, or that which, works; a laborer; a performer; as, a worker in brass.
Worker	One of the neuter, or sterile, individuals of the social ants, bees, and white ants. The workers are generally females having the sexual organs imperfectly developed.  See Ant, and White ant, under White.
Workfellow	One engaged in the same work with another; a companion in work.
Workfolk	People that labor.
Workful	Full of work; diligent.
Workhouses	of Workhouse
Workhouse	A house where any manufacture is carried on; a workshop.
Workhouse	A house in which idle and vicious persons are confined to labor.
Workhouse	A house where the town poor are maintained at public expense, and provided with labor; a poorhouse.
Working	a & n. from Work.
Working-day	Pertaining to, or characteristic of, working days, or workdays; everyday; hence, plodding; hard-working.
Workingmen	of Workingman
Workingman	A laboring man; a man who earns his daily support by manual labor.
Workless	Without work; not laboring; as, many people were still workless.
Workless	Not carried out in practice; not exemplified in fact; as, workless faith.
Workmen	of Workman
Workman	A man employed in labor, whether in tillage or manufactures; a worker.
Workman	Hence, especially, a skillful artificer or laborer.
Workmanlike	Becoming a workman, especially a skillful one; skillful; well performed.
Workmanly	Becoming a skillful workman; skillful; well performed; workmanlike.
Workmanly	In a skillful manner; in a manner becoming a skillful workman.
Workmanship	The art or skill of a workman; the execution or manner of making anything.
Workmanship	That which is effected, made, or produced; manufacture, something made by manual labor.
Workmaster	The performer of any work; a master workman.
Workroom	Any room or apartment used especially for labor.
Workship	Workmanship.
Workshop	A shop where any manufacture or handiwork is carried on.
Worktable	A table for holding working materials and implements; esp., a small table with drawers and other conveniences for needlework, etc.
Workwomen	of Workwoman
Workwoman	A woman who performs any work; especially, a woman skilled in needlework.
Workyday	A week day or working day, as distinguished from Sunday or a holiday. Also used adjectively.
World	The earth and the surrounding heavens; the creation; the system of created things; existent creation; the universe.
World	Any planet or heavenly body, especially when considered as inhabited, and as the scene of interests analogous with human interests; as, a plurality of worlds.
World	The earth and its inhabitants, with their concerns; the sum of human affairs and interests.
World	In a more restricted sense, that part of the earth and its concerns which is known to any one, or contemplated by any one; a division of the globe, or of its inhabitants; human affairs as seen from a certain position, or from a given point of view; also, state of existence; scene of life and action; as, the Old World; the New World; the religious world; the Catholic world; the upper world; the future world; the heathen world.
World	The customs, practices, and interests of men; general affairs of life; human society; public affairs and occupations; as, a knowledge of the world.
World	Individual experience of, or concern with, life; course of life; sum of the affairs which affect the individual; as, to begin the world with no property; to lose all, and begin the world anew.
World	The inhabitants of the earth; the human race; people in general; the public; mankind.
World	The earth and its affairs as distinguished from heaven; concerns of this life as distinguished from those of the life to come; the present existence and its interests; hence, secular affairs; engrossment or absorption in the affairs of this life; worldly corruption; the ungodly or wicked part of mankind.
World	As an emblem of immensity, a great multitude or quantity; a large number.
Worldliness	The quality of being worldly; a predominant passion for obtaining the good things of this life; covetousness; addictedness to gain and temporal enjoyments; worldly-mindedness.
Worldling	A person whose soul is set upon gaining temporal possessions; one devoted to this world and its enjoyments.
Worldly	Relating to the world; human; common; as, worldly maxims; worldly actions.
Worldly	Pertaining to this world or life, in contradistinction from the life to come; secular; temporal; devoted to this life and its enjoyments; bent on gain; as, worldly pleasures, affections, honor, lusts, men.
Worldly	Lay, as opposed to clerical.
Worldly	With relation to this life; in a worldly manner.
Worldly-minded	Devoted to worldly interests; mindful of the affairs of the present life, and forgetful of those of the future; loving and pursuing this world's goods, to the exclusion of piety and attention to spiritual concerns.
World-wide	Extended throughout the world; as, world-wide fame.
Worldlywise	Wise in regard to things of this world.
Worm	A creeping or a crawling animal of any kind or size, as a serpent, caterpillar, snail, or the like.
Worm	Any small creeping animal or reptile, either entirely without feet, or with very short ones, including a great variety of animals; as, an earthworm; the blindworm.
Worm	Any helminth; an entozoon.
Worm	Any annelid.
Worm	An insect larva.
Worm	Same as Vermes.
Worm	An internal tormentor; something that gnaws or afflicts one's mind with remorse.
Worm	A being debased and despised.
Worm	Anything spiral, vermiculated, or resembling a worm
Worm	The thread of a screw.
Worm	A spiral instrument or screw, often like a double corkscrew, used for drawing balls from firearms.
Worm	A certain muscular band in the tongue of some animals, as the dog; the lytta.  See Lytta.
Worm	The condensing tube of a still, often curved and wound to economize space.  See Illust. of Still.
Worm	A short revolving screw, the threads of which drive, or are driven by, a worm wheel by gearing into its teeth or cogs.  See Illust. of Worm gearing, below.
Wormed	of Worm
Worming	of Worm
Worm	To work slowly, gradually, and secretly.
Worm	To effect, remove, drive, draw, or the like, by slow and secret means; -- often followed by out.
Worm	To clean by means of a worm; to draw a wad or cartridge from, as a firearm.  See Worm, n. 5 (b).
Worm	To cut the worm, or lytta, from under the tongue of, as a dog, for the purpose of checking a disposition to gnaw. The operation was formerly supposed to guard against canine madness.
Worm	To wind rope, yarn, or other material, spirally round, between the strands of, as a cable; to wind with spun yarn, as a small rope.
Wormal	See Wormil.
Worm-eaten	Eaten, or eaten into, by a worm or by worms; as, worm-eaten timber.
Worm-eaten	Worn-out; old; worthless.
Wormed	Penetrated by worms; injured by worms; worm-eaten; as, wormed timber.
Wormhole	A burrow made by a worm.
Wormian	Discovered or described by Olanus Wormius, a Danish anatomist.
Wormil	Any botfly larva which burrows in or beneath the skin of domestic and wild animals, thus producing sores. They belong to various species of Hypoderma and allied genera. Domestic cattle are often infested by a large species.  See Gadfly. Called also warble, and worble.
Wormil	See 1st Warble, 1 (b).
Wormling	A little worm.
Wormseed	Any one of several plants, as Artemisia santonica, and Chenopodium anthelminticum, whose seeds have the property of expelling worms from the stomach and intestines.
Worm-shaped	Shaped like a worm; /hick and almost cylindrical, but variously curved or bent; as, a worm-shaped root.
Worm-shell	Any species of Vermetus.
Wormul	See Wornil.
Wormwood	A composite plant (Artemisia Absinthium), having a bitter and slightly aromatic taste, formerly used as a tonic and a vermifuge, and to protect woolen garments from moths. It gives the peculiar flavor to the cordial called absinthe. The volatile oil is a narcotic poison. The term is often extended to other species of the same genus.
Wormwood	Anything very bitter or grievous; bitterness.
Wormy	Containing a worm; abounding with worms.
Wormy	Like or pertaining to a worm; earthy; groveling.
Worn	p. p. of Wear.
Wornil	See Wormil.
Worn-out	Consumed, or rendered useless, by wearing; as, worn-out garments.
Worral	Alt. of Worrel
Worrel	An Egyptian fork-tongued lizard, about four feet long when full grown.
Worrier	One who worries.
Worriment	Trouble; anxiety; worry.
Worrisome	Inclined to worry or fret; also, causing worry or annoyance.
Worrit	To worry; to annoy.
Worrit	Worry; anxiety.
Worried	of Worry
Worrying	of Worry
Worry	To harass by pursuit and barking; to attack repeatedly; also, to tear or mangle with the teeth.
Worry	To harass or beset with importunity, or with care an anxiety; to vex; to annoy; to torment; to tease; to fret; to trouble; to plague.
Worry	To harass with labor; to fatigue.
Worry	To feel or express undue care and anxiety; to manifest disquietude or pain; to be fretful; to chafe; as, the child worries; the horse worries.
Worries	of Worry
Worry	A state of undue solicitude; a state of disturbance from care and anxiety; vexation; anxiety; fret; as, to be in a worry.
Worryingly	In a worrying manner.
Worse	Bad, ill, evil, or corrupt, in a greater degree; more bad or evil; less good; specifically, in poorer health; more sick; -- used both in a physical and moral sense.
Worse	Loss; disadvantage; defeat.
Worse	That which is worse; something less good; as, think not the worse of him for his enterprise.
Worse	In a worse degree; in a manner more evil or bad.
Worse	To make worse; to put disadvantage; to discomfit; to worst.  See Worst, v.
Worsen	To make worse; to deteriorate; to impair.
Worsen	To get the better of; to worst.
Worsen	To grow or become worse.
Worser	Worse.
Worship	Excellence of character; dignity; worth; worthiness.
Worship	Honor; respect; civil deference.
Worship	Hence, a title of honor, used in addresses to certain magistrates and others of rank or station.
Worship	The act of paying divine honors to the Supreme Being; religious reverence and homage; adoration, or acts of reverence, paid to God, or a being viewed as God.
Worship	Obsequious or submissive respect; extravagant admiration; adoration.
Worship	An object of worship.
Worshiped	of Worship
Worshipped	of Worship
Worshiping	of Worship
Worshipping	of Worship
Worship	To respect; to honor; to treat with civil reverence.
Worship	To pay divine honors to; to reverence with supreme respect and veneration; to perform religious exercises in honor of; to adore; to venerate.
Worship	To honor with extravagant love and extreme submission, as a lover; to adore; to idolize.
Worship	To perform acts of homage or adoration; esp., to perform religious service.
Worshipability	The quality of being worthy to be worshiped.
Worshipable	Capable of being worshiped; worthy of worship.
Worshiper	One who worships; one who pays divine honors to any being or thing; one who adores.
Worshipful	Entitled to worship, reverence, or high respect; claiming respect; worthy of honor; -- often used as a term of respect, sometimes ironically.
Worst	Bad, evil, or pernicious, in the highest degree, whether in a physical or moral sense.  See Worse.
Worst	That which is most bad or evil; the most severe, pernicious, calamitous, or wicked state or degree.
Worsted	of Worst
Worsting	of Worst
Worst	To gain advantage over, in contest or competition; to get the better of; to defeat; to overthrow; to discomfit.
Worst	To grow worse; to deteriorate.
Worsted	Well-twisted yarn spun of long-staple wool which has been combed to lay the fibers parallel, used for carpets, cloth, hosiery, gloves, and the like.
Worsted	Fine and soft woolen yarn, untwisted or lightly twisted, used in knitting and embroidery.
Wort	A plant of any kind.
Wort	Cabbages.
Wort	An infusion of malt which is unfermented, or is in the act of fermentation; the sweet infusion of malt, which ferments and forms beer; hence, any similar liquid in a state of incipient fermentation.
Worth	To be; to become; to betide; -- now used only in the phrases, woe worth the day, woe worth the man, etc., in which the verb is in the imperative, and the nouns day, man, etc., are in the dative. Woe be to the day, woe be to the man, etc., are equivalent phrases.
Worth	Valuable; of worthy; estimable; also, worth while.
Worth	Equal in value to; furnishing an equivalent for; proper to be exchanged for.
Worth	Deserving of; -- in a good or bad sense, but chiefly in a good sense.
Worth	Having possessions equal to; having wealth or estate to the value of.
Worth	That quality of a thing which renders it valuable or useful; sum of valuable qualities which render anything useful and sought; value; hence, often, value as expressed in a standard, as money; equivalent in exchange; price.
Worth	Value in respect of moral or personal qualities; excellence; virtue; eminence; desert; merit; usefulness; as, a man or magistrate of great worth.
Worthful	Full of worth; worthy; deserving.
Worthily	In a worthy manner; excellently; deservedly; according to merit; justly; suitably; becomingly.
Worthiness	The quality or state of being worthy; desert; merit; excellence; dignity; virtue; worth.
Worthless	Destitute of worth; having no value, virtue, excellence, dignity, or the like; undeserving; valueless; useless; vile; mean; as, a worthless garment; a worthless ship; a worthless man or woman; a worthless magistrate.
worthwhile	Worth the time or effort spent.
Worthy	Having worth or excellence; possessing merit; valuable; deserving; estimable; excellent; virtuous.
Worthy	Having suitable, adapted, or equivalent qualities or value; -- usually with of before the thing compared or the object; more rarely, with a following infinitive instead of of, or with that; as, worthy of, equal in excellence, value, or dignity to; entitled to; meriting; -- usually in a good sense, but sometimes in a bad one.
Worthy	Of high station; of high social position.
Worthies	of Worthy
Worthy	A man of eminent worth or value; one distinguished for useful and estimable qualities; a person of conspicuous desert; -- much used in the plural; as, the worthies of the church; political worthies; military worthies.
Worthy	To render worthy; to exalt into a hero.
Wost	2d pers. sing. pres. of Wit, to know.
Wot	1st & 3d pers. sing. pres. of Wit, to know.  See the Note under Wit, v.
Wotest	Alt. of Wottest
Wottest	2d pers. sing. pres. of Wit, to know.
Woteth	Alt. of Wotteth
Wotteth	3d pers. sing. pres. of Wit, to know.
Woul	To howl.
Would	Commonly used as an auxiliary verb, either in the past tense or in the conditional or optative present.  See 2d & 3d Will.
Would	See 2d Weld.
Would-be	Desiring or professing to be; vainly pretending to be; as, a would-be poet.
Woulding	Emotion of desire; inclination; velleity.
Wouldingness	Willingness; desire.
Woulfe bottle	A kind of wash bottle with two or three necks; -- so called after the inventor, Peter Woulfe, an English chemist.
Wound	imp. & p. p. of Wind to twist, and Wind to sound by blowing.
Wound	A hurt or injury caused by violence; specifically, a breach of the skin and flesh of an animal, or in the substance of any creature or living thing; a cut, stab, rent, or the like.
Wound	Fig.: An injury, hurt, damage, detriment, or the like, to feeling, faculty, reputation, etc.
Wound	An injury to the person by which the skin is divided, or its continuity broken; a lesion of the body, involving some solution of continuity.
Wounded	of Wound
Wounding	of Wound
Wound	To hurt by violence; to produce a breach, or separation of parts, in, as by a cut, stab, blow, or the like.
Wound	To hurt the feelings of; to pain by disrespect, ingratitude, or the like; to cause injury to.
Woundable	Capable of being wounded; vulnerable.
Wounder	One who, or that which, wounds.
Woundily	In a woundy manner; excessively; woundy.
Woundless	Free from wound or hurt; exempt from being wounded; invulnerable.
Woundwort	Any one of certain plants whose soft, downy leaves have been used for dressing wounds, as the kidney vetch, and several species of the labiate genus Stachys.
Woundy	Excessive.
Woundy	Excessively; extremely.
Wourali	Same as Curare.
Wou-wou	The agile, or silvery, gibbon; -- called also camper.  See Gibbon.
Wove	p. pr. & rare vb. n. of Weave.
Woven	p. p. of Weave.
Wowe	To woo.
Wowf	Disordered or unsettled in intellect; deranged.
Wowke	Week.
Wow-wow	See Wou-wou.
Wox	imp. of Wax.
Woxen	p. p. of Wax.
Wrack	A thin, flying cloud; a rack.
Wrack	To rack; to torment.
Wrack	Wreck; ruin; destruction.
Wrack	Any marine vegetation cast up on the shore, especially plants of the genera Fucus, Laminaria, and Zostera, which are most abundant on northern shores.
Wrack	Coarse seaweed of any kind.
Wrack	To wreck.
Wrackful	Ruinous; destructive.
Wrain-bolt	Same as Wringbolt.
Wraith	An apparition of a person in his exact likeness, seen before death, or a little after; hence, an apparition; a specter; a vision; an unreal image.
Wraith	Sometimes, improperly, a spirit thought to preside over the waters; -- called also water wraith.
Wrangled	of Wrangle
Wrangling	of Wrangle
Wrangle	To argue; to debate; to dispute.
Wrangle	To dispute angrily; to quarrel peevishly and noisily; to brawl; to altercate.
Wrangle	To involve in a quarrel or dispute; to embroil.
Wrangle	An angry dispute; a noisy quarrel; a squabble; an altercation.
Wrangler	An angry disputant; one who disputes with heat or peevishness.
Wrangler	One of those who stand in the first rank of honors in the University of Cambridge, England. They are called, according to their rank, senior wrangler, second wrangler, third wrangler, etc.  Cf. Optime.
Wranglership	The honor or position of being a wrangler at the University of Cambridge, England.
Wranglesome	Contentious; quarrelsome.
Wrannock	Alt. of Wranny
Wranny	The common wren.
Wrap	To snatch up; transport; -- chiefly used in the p. p. wrapt.
Wrapped	of Wrap
Wrapt	of Wrap
Wrapping	of Wrap
Wrap	To wind or fold together; to arrange in folds.
Wrap	To cover by winding or folding; to envelop completely; to involve; to infold; -- often with up.
Wrap	To conceal by enveloping or infolding; to hide; hence, to involve, as an effect or consequence; to be followed by.
Wrap	A wrapper; -- often used in the plural for blankets, furs, shawls, etc., used in riding or traveling.
Wrappage	The act of wrapping.
Wrappage	That which wraps; envelope; covering.
Wrapper	One who, or that which, wraps.
Wrapper	That in which anything is wrapped, or inclosed; envelope; covering.
Wrapper	Specifically, a loose outer garment; an article of dress intended to be wrapped round the person; as, a morning wrapper; a gentleman's wrapper.
Wraprascal	A kind of coarse upper coat, or overcoat, formerly worn.
Wrasse	Any one of numerous edible, marine, spiny-finned fishes of the genus Labrus, of which several species are found in the Mediterranean and on the Atlantic coast of Europe. Many of the species are bright-colored.
Wrastle	To wrestle.
Wrath	Violent anger; vehement exasperation; indignation; rage; fury; ire.
Wrath	The effects of anger or indignation; the just punishment of an offense or a crime.
Wrath	See Wroth.
Wrath	To anger; to enrage; -- also used impersonally.
Wrathful	Full of wrath; very angry; greatly incensed; ireful; passionate; as, a wrathful man.
Wrathful	Springing from, or expressing, wrath; as, a wrathful countenance.
Wrathily	In a wrathy manner; very angrily; wrathfully.
Wrathless	Free from anger or wrath.
Wrathy	Very angry.
Wraw	Angry; vexed; wrathful.
Wrawful	Ill-tempered.
Wrawl	To cry, as a cat; to waul.
Wrawness	Peevishness; ill temper; anger.
Wray	To reveal; to disclose.
Wreak	To reck; to care.
Wreaked	of Wreak
Wreaking	of Wreak
Wreak	To revenge; to avenge.
Wreak	To execute in vengeance or passion; to inflict; to hurl or drive; as, to wreak vengeance on an enemy.
Wreak	Revenge; vengeance; furious passion; resentment.
Wreaken	p. p. of Wreak.
Wreaker	Avenger.
Wreakful	Revengeful; angry; furious.
Wreakless	Unrevengeful; weak.
Wreaths	of Wreath
Wreath	Something twisted, intertwined, or curled; as, a wreath of smoke; a wreath of flowers.
Wreath	A garland; a chaplet, esp. one given to a victor.
Wreath	An appendage to the shield, placed above it, and supporting the crest (see Illust. of Crest). It generally represents a twist of two cords of silk, one tinctured like the principal metal, the other like the principal color in the arms.
Wreathed	of Wreathe
Wreathed	of Wreathe
Wreathen	of Wreathe
Wreathing	of Wreathe
Wreathe	To cause to revolve or writhe; to twist about; to turn.
Wreathe	To twist; to convolve; to wind one about another; to entwine.
Wreathe	To surround with anything twisted or convolved; to encircle; to infold.
Wreathe	To twine or twist about; to surround; to encircle.
Wreathe	To be intewoven or entwined; to twine together; as, a bower of wreathing trees.
Wreathen	Twisted; made into a wreath.
Wreathless	Destitute of a wreath.
Wreath-shell	A marine shell of the genus Turbo.  See Turbo.
Wreathy	Wreathed; twisted; curled; spiral; also, full of wreaths.
Wrecche	A wretch.
Wrecche	Wretched.
Wreche	Wreak.
Wreck	See 2d & 3d Wreak.
Wreck	The destruction or injury of a vessel by being cast on shore, or on rocks, or by being disabled or sunk by the force of winds or waves; shipwreck.
Wreck	Destruction or injury of anything, especially by violence; ruin; as, the wreck of a railroad train.
Wreck	The ruins of a ship stranded; a ship dashed against rocks or land, and broken, or otherwise rendered useless, by violence and fracture; as, they burned the wreck.
Wreck	The remain of anything ruined or fatally injured.
Wreck	Goods, etc., which, after a shipwreck, are cast upon the land by the sea.
Wrecked	of Wreck
Wrecking	of Wreck
Wreck	To destroy, disable, or seriously damage, as a vessel, by driving it against the shore or on rocks, by causing it to become unseaworthy, to founder, or the like; to shipwreck.
Wreck	To bring wreck or ruin upon by any kind of violence; to destroy, as a railroad train.
Wreck	To involve in a wreck; hence, to cause to suffer ruin; to balk of success, and bring disaster on.
Wreck	To suffer wreck or ruin.
Wreck	To work upon a wreck, as in saving property or lives, or in plundering.
Wreckage	The act of wrecking, or state of being wrecked.
Wreckage	That which has been wrecked; remains of a wreck.
Wrecker	One who causes a wreck, as by false lights, and the like.
Wrecker	One who searches fro, or works upon, the wrecks of vessels, etc. Specifically: (a) One who visits a wreck for the purpose of plunder. (b) One who is employed in saving property or lives from a wrecked vessel, or in saving the vessel; as, the wreckers of Key West.
Wrecker	A vessel employed by wreckers.
Wreckfish	A stone bass.
Wreckful	Causing wreck; involving ruin; destructive.
Wrecking	a. & n. from Wreck, v.
Wreck-master	A person appointed by law to take charge of goods, etc., thrown on shore after a shipwreck.
Wreke	Alt. of Wreeke
Wreeke	See 2d Wreak.
Wren	Any one of numerous species of small singing birds belonging to Troglodytes and numerous allied of the family Troglodytidae.
Wren	Any one of numerous species of small singing birds more or less resembling the true wrens in size and habits.
Wrench	Trick; deceit; fraud; stratagem.
Wrench	A violent twist, or a pull with twisting.
Wrench	A sprain; an injury by twisting, as in a joint.
Wrench	Means; contrivance.
Wrench	An instrument, often a simple bar or lever with jaws or an angular orifice either at the end or between the ends, for exerting a twisting strain, as in turning bolts, nuts, screw taps, etc.; a screw key. Many wrenches have adjustable jaws for grasping nuts, etc., of different sizes.
Wrench	The system made up of a force and a couple of forces in a plane perpendicular to that force. Any number of forces acting at any points upon a rigid body may be compounded so as to be equivalent to a wrench.
Wrenched	of Wrench
Wrenching	of Wrench
Wrench	To pull with a twist; to wrest, twist, or force by violence.
Wrench	To strain; to sprain; hence, to distort; to pervert.
Wrested	of Wrest
Wresting	of Wrest
Wrest	To turn; to twist; esp., to twist or extort by violence; to pull of force away by, or as if by, violent wringing or twisting.
Wrest	To turn from truth; to twist from its natural or proper use or meaning by violence; to pervert; to distort.
Wrest	To tune with a wrest, or key.
Wrest	The act of wresting; a wrench; a violent twist; hence, distortion; perversion.
Wrest	Active or moving power.
Wrest	A key to tune a stringed instrument of music.
Wrest	A partition in a water wheel, by which the form of the buckets is determined.
Wrester	One who wrests.
Wrestled	of Wrestle
Wrestling	of Wrestle
Wrestle	To contend, by grappling with, and striving to trip or throw down, an opponent; as, they wrestled skillfully.
Wrestle	Hence, to struggle; to strive earnestly; to contend.
Wrestle	To wrestle with; to seek to throw down as in wrestling.
Wrestle	A struggle between two persons to see which will throw the other down; a bout at wrestling; a wrestling match; a struggle.
Wrestler	One who wrestles; one who is skillful in wrestling.
Wretch	A miserable person; one profoundly unhappy.
Wretch	One sunk in vice or degradation; a base, despicable person; a vile knave; as, a profligate wretch.
Wretched	Very miserable; sunk in, or accompanied by, deep affliction or distress, as from want, anxiety, or grief; calamitous; woeful; very afflicting.
Wretched	Worthless; paltry; very poor or mean; miserable; as, a wretched poem; a wretched cabin.
Wretched	Hatefully contemptible; despicable; wicked.
Wretchedly	In a wretched manner; miserably; despicable.
Wretchedness	The quality or state of being wretched; utter misery.
Wretchedness	A wretched object; anything despicably.
Wretchful	Wretched.
Wretchless	Reckless; hence, disregarded.
Wrey	See Wray.
Wrie	See Wry.
Wrig	To wriggle.
Wriggled	of Wriggle
Wriggling	of Wriggle
Wriggle	To move the body to and fro with short, writhing motions, like a worm; to squirm; to twist uneasily or quickly about.
Wriggle	To move with short, quick contortions; to move by twisting and squirming; like a worm.
Wriggle	Wriggling; frisky; pliant; flexible.
Wriggler	One who, or that which, wriggles.
Wright	One who is engaged in a mechanical or manufacturing business; an artificer; a workman; a manufacturer; a mechanic; esp., a worker in wood; -- now chiefly used in compounds, as in millwright, wheelwright, etc.
Wrightine	A rare alkaloid found in the bark of an East Indian apocynaceous tree (Wrightia antidysenterica), and extracted as a bitter white crystalline substance. It was formerly used as a remedy for diarrh/a. Called also conessine, and neriine.
Wrung	of Wring
Wringed	of Wring
Wringing	of Wring
Wring	To twist and compress; to turn and strain with violence; to writhe; to squeeze hard; to pinch; as, to wring clothes in washing.
Wring	Hence, to pain; to distress; to torment; to torture.
Wring	To distort; to pervert; to wrest.
Wring	To extract or obtain by twisting and compressing; to squeeze or press (out); hence, to extort; to draw forth by violence, or against resistance or repugnance; -- usually with out or form.
Wring	To subject to extortion; to afflict, or oppress, in order to enforce compliance.
Wring	To bend or strain out of its position; as, to wring a mast.
Wring	To writhe; to twist, as with anguish.
Wring	A writhing, as in anguish; a twisting; a griping.
Wringbolt	A bolt used by shipwrights, to bend and secure the planks against the timbers till they are fastened by bolts, spikes, or treenails; -- not to be confounded with ringbolt.
Wringer	One who, or that which, wrings; hence, an extortioner.
Wringer	A machine for pressing water out of anything, particularly from clothes after they have been washed.
Wringing	a. & n. from Wring, v.
Wringstaves	of Wringstaff
Wringstaff	A strong piece of plank used in applying wringbolts.
Wrinkle	A winkle.
Wrinkle	A small ridge, prominence, or furrow formed by the shrinking or contraction of any smooth substance; a corrugation; a crease; a slight fold; as, wrinkle in the skin; a wrinkle in cloth.
Wrinkle	hence, any roughness; unevenness.
Wrinkle	A notion or fancy; a whim; as, to have a new wrinkle.
Wrinkled	of Wrinkle
Wrinkling	of Wrinkle
Wrinkle	To contract into furrows and prominences; to make a wrinkle or wrinkles in; to corrugate; as, wrinkle the skin or the brow.
Wrinkle	Hence, to make rough or uneven in any way.
Wrinkle	To shrink into furrows and ridges.
Wrinkly	Full of wrinkles; having a tendency to be wrinkled; corrugated; puckered.
Wrist	The joint, or the region of the joint, between the hand and the arm; the carpus.  See Carpus.
Wrist	A stud or pin which forms a journal; -- also called wrist pin.
Wristband	The band of the sleeve of a shirt, or other garment, which covers the wrist.
Wrister	A covering for the wrist.
Wristlet	An elastic band worn around the wrist, as for the purpose of securing the upper part of a glove.
Writ	3d pers. sing. pres. of Write, for writeth.
Writ	imp. & p. p. of Write.
Writ	That which is written; writing; scripture; -- applied especially to the Scriptures, or the books of the Old and New testaments; as, sacred writ.
Writ	An instrument in writing, under seal, in an epistolary form, issued from the proper authority, commanding the performance or nonperformance of some act by the person to whom it is directed; as, a writ of entry, of error, of execution, of injunction, of mandamus, of return, of summons, and the like.
Writability	Ability or capacity to write.
Writable	Capable of, or suitable for, being written down.
Writative	Inclined to much writing; -- correlative to talkative.
Wrote	of Write
Written	of Write
Writ	of Write
Writing	of Write
Write	To set down, as legible characters; to form the conveyance of meaning; to inscribe on any material by a suitable instrument; as, to write the characters called letters; to write figures.
Write	To set down for reading; to express in legible or intelligible characters; to inscribe; as, to write a deed; to write a bill of divorcement; hence, specifically, to set down in an epistle; to communicate by letter.
Write	Hence, to compose or produce, as an author.
Write	To impress durably; to imprint; to engrave; as, truth written on the heart.
Write	To make known by writing; to record; to prove by one's own written testimony; -- often used reflexively.
Write	To form characters, letters, or figures, as representative of sounds or ideas; to express words and sentences by written signs.
Write	To be regularly employed or occupied in writing, copying, or accounting; to act as clerk or amanuensis; as, he writes in one of the public offices.
Write	To frame or combine ideas, and express them in written words; to play the author; to recite or relate in books; to compose.
Write	To compose or send letters.
Writer	One who writes, or has written; a scribe; a clerk.
Writer	One who is engaged in literary composition as a profession; an author; as, a writer of novels.
Writer	A clerk of a certain rank in the service of the late East India Company, who, after serving a certain number of years, became a factor.
Writership	The office of a writer.
Writhed	of Writhe
Writhed	of Writhe
Writhen	of Writhe
Writhing	of Writhe
Writhe	To twist; to turn; now, usually, to twist or turn so as to distort; to wring.
Writhe	To wrest; to distort; to pervert.
Writhe	To extort; to wring; to wrest.
Writhe	To twist or contort the body; to be distorted; as, to writhe with agony. Also used figuratively.
Writhen	Having a twisted distorted from.
Writhle	To wrinkle.
Writing	The act or art of forming letters and characters on paper, wood, stone, or other material, for the purpose of recording the ideas which characters and words express, or of communicating them to others by visible signs.
Writing	Anything written or printed; anything expressed in characters or letters
Writing	Any legal instrument, as a deed, a receipt, a bond, an agreement, or the like.
Writing	Any written composition; a pamphlet; a work; a literary production; a book; as, the writings of Addison.
Writing	An inscription.
Writing	Handwriting; chirography.
Written	p. p. of Write, v.
Wrizzle	To wrinkle.
Wroken	p. p. of Wreak.
Wrong	imp. of Wring. Wrung.
Wrong	Twisted; wry; as, a wrong nose.
Wrong	Not according to the laws of good morals, whether divine or human; not suitable to the highest and best end; not morally right; deviating from rectitude or duty; not just or equitable; not true; not legal; as, a wrong practice; wrong ideas; wrong inclinations and desires.
Wrong	Not fit or suitable to an end or object; not appropriate for an intended use; not according to rule; unsuitable; improper; incorrect; as, to hold a book with the wrong end uppermost; to take the wrong way.
Wrong	Not according to truth; not conforming to fact or intent; not right; mistaken; erroneous; as, a wrong statement.
Wrong	Designed to be worn or placed inward; as, the wrong side of a garment or of a piece of cloth.
Wrong	In a wrong manner; not rightly; amiss; morally ill; erroneously; wrongly.
Wrong	That which is not right.
Wrong	Nonconformity or disobedience to lawful authority, divine or human; deviation from duty; -- the opposite of moral right.
Wrong	Deviation or departure from truth or fact; state of falsity; error; as, to be in the wrong.
Wrong	Whatever deviates from moral rectitude; usually, an act that involves evil consequences, as one which inflicts injury on a person; any injury done to, or received from; another; a trespass; a violation of right.
Wronged	of Wrong
Wronging	of Wrong
Wrong	To treat with injustice; to deprive of some right, or to withhold some act of justice from; to do undeserved harm to; to deal unjustly with; to injure.
Wrong	To impute evil to unjustly; as, if you suppose me capable of a base act, you wrong me.
Wrongdoer	One who injures another, or who does wrong.
Wrongdoer	One who commits a tort or trespass; a trespasser; a tort feasor.
Wrongdoing	Evil or wicked behavior or action.
Wronger	One who wrongs or injures another.
Wrongful	Full of wrong; injurious; unjust; unfair; as, a wrongful taking of property; wrongful dealing.
Wronghead	A person of a perverse understanding or obstinate character.
Wronghead	Wrongheaded.
Wrongheaded	Wrong in opinion or principle; having a perverse understanding; perverse.
Wrongless	Not wrong; void or free from wrong.
Wrongly	In a wrong manner; unjustly; erroneously; wrong; amiss; as, he judges wrongly of my motives.
Wrongness	The quality or state of being wrong; wrongfulness; error; fault.
Wrongous	Constituting, or of the nature of, a wrong; unjust; wrongful.
Wrongous	Not right; illegal; as, wrongous imprisonment.
Wrong-timed	Done at an improper time; ill-timed.
Wroot	imp. of Write. Wrote.
Wrote	To root with the snout.  See 1st Root.
Wrote	imp. & archaic p. p. of Write.
Wroth	Full of wrath; angry; incensed; much exasperated; wrathful.
Wrought	imp. & p. p. of Work.
Wrought	Worked; elaborated; not rough or crude.
Wrung	imp. & p. p. of Wring.
Wry	To cover.
Wry	Turned to one side; twisted; distorted; as, a wry mouth.
Wry	Hence, deviating from the right direction; misdirected; out of place; as, wry words.
Wry	Wrested; perverted.
Wry	To twist; to writhe; to bend or wind.
Wry	To deviate from the right way; to go away or astray; to turn side; to swerve.
Wried	of Wry
Wrying	of Wry
Wry	To twist; to distort; to writhe; to wrest; to vex.
Wrybill	See Crookbill.
Wrymouth	Any one of several species of large, elongated, marine fishes of the genus Cryptacanthodes, especially C. maculatus of the American coast. A whitish variety is called ghostfish.
Wryneck	A twisted or distorted neck; a deformity in which the neck is drawn to one side by a rigid contraction of one of the muscles of the neck; torticollis.
Wryneck	Any one of several species of Old World birds of the genus Jynx, allied to the woodpeckers; especially, the common European species (J. torguilla); -- so called from its habit of turning the neck around in different directions. Called also cuckoo's mate, snakebird, summer bird, tonguebird, and writheneck.
Wrynecked	Having a distorted neck; having the deformity called wryneck.
Wryness	The quality or state of being wry, or distorted.
Wrythen	Writhen.
Wulfenite	Native lead molybdate occurring in tetragonal crystals, usually tabular, and of a bright orange-yellow to red, gray, or brown color; -- also called yellow lead ore.
Wull	See 2d Will.
Wung-out	Having the sails set in the manner called wing-and-wing.
Wurbagool	A fruit bat (Pteropus medius) native of India. It is similar to the flying fox, but smaller.
Wurmal	See Wormil.
Wurraluh	The Australian white-quilled honey eater (Entomyza albipennis).
Wust	Alt. of Wuste
Wuste	imp. of Wit.
Wyandots	Same as Hurons.
Wych-elm	A species of elm (Ulmus montana) found in Northern and Western Europe; Scotch elm.
Wych-hazel	The wych-elm; -- so called because its leaves are like those of the hazel.
Wyclifite	Alt. of Wycliffite
Wycliffite	A follower of Wyclif, the English reformer; a Lollard.
Wyd	Wide.
Wyes	of Wye
Wye	The letter Y.
Wye	A kind of crotch.  See Y, n. (a).
Wyke	Week.
Wyla	A helmeted Australian cockatoo (Calyptorhynchus funereus); -- called also funeral cockatoo.
Wynd	A narrow lane or alley.
Wynkernel	The European moor hen.
Wynn	A kind of timber truck, or carriage.
Wype	The wipe, or lapwing.
Wythe	Same as Withe, n., 4.
Wys	Wise.
Wyte	Alt. of Wyten
Wyten	pl. pres. of Wit.
Wyvern	Same as Wiver.
