Y	Y, the twenty-fifth letter of the English alphabet, at the beginning of a word or syllable, except when a prefix (see Y-), is usually a fricative vocal consonant; as a prefix, and usually in the middle or at the end of a syllable, it is a vowel.  See Guide to Pronunciation, // 145, 178-9, 272.
Y's	of Y
Ys	of Y
Y	Something shaped like the letter Y; a forked piece resembling in form the letter Y.
Y	One of the forked holders for supporting the telescope of a leveling instrument, or the axis of a theodolite; a wye.
Y	A forked or bifurcated pipe fitting.
Y	A portion of track consisting of two diverging tracks connected by a cross track.
Y	I.
Y-	Alt. of I-
Y-	A prefix of obscure meaning, originally used with verbs, adverbs, adjectives, nouns, and pronouns. In the Middle English period, it was little employed except with verbs, being chiefly used with past participles, though occasionally with the infinitive Ycleped, or yclept, is perhaps the only word not entirely obsolete which shows this use.
Ya	Yea.
Yacare	A South American crocodilian (Jacare sclerops) resembling the alligator in size and habits. The eye orbits are connected together, and surrounded by prominent bony ridges. Called also spectacled alligator, and spectacled cayman.
Yacca	A West Indian name for two large timber trees (Podocarpus coriaceus, and P. Purdicanus) of the Yew family. The wood, which is much used, is pale brownish with darker streaks.
Yacht	A light and elegantly furnished vessel, used either for private parties of pleasure, or as a vessel of state to convey distinguished persons from one place to another; a seagoing vessel used only for pleasure trips, racing, etc.
Yacht	To manage a yacht; to voyage in a yacht.
Yachter	One engaged in sailing a jacht.
Yachting	Sailing for pleasure in a yacht.
Yachtman	See Yachtsman.
Yachtsmen	of Yachtsman
Yachtsman	One who owns or sails a yacht; a yachter.
Yaf	Gave.  See Give.
Yaffingale	The yaffle.
Yaffle	The European green woodpecker (Picus, / Genius, viridis). It is noted for its loud laughlike note. Called also eccle, hewhole, highhoe, laughing bird, popinjay, rain bird, yaffil, yaffler, yaffingale, yappingale, yackel, and woodhack.
Yager	In the German army, one belonging to a body of light infantry armed with rifles, resembling the chasseur of the French army.
Yaguarundi	Same as Jaguarondi.
Yajur-Veda	See Veda.
Yak	A bovine mammal (Poephagus grunnies) native of the high plains of Central Asia. Its neck, the outer side of its legs, and its flanks, are covered with long, flowing, fine hair. Its tail is long and bushy, often white, and is valued as an ornament and for other purposes in India and China. There are several domesticated varieties, some of which lack the mane and the long hair on the flanks. Called also chauri gua, grunting cow, grunting ox, sarlac, sarlik, and sarluc.
Yakamilk	See Trumpeter, 3 (a).
Yakare	Same as Yacare.
Yakin	A large Asiatic antelope (Budorcas taxicolor) native of the higher parts of the Himalayas and other lofty mountains. Its head and neck resemble those of the ox, and its tail is like that of the goat. Called also budorcas.
Yakoots	 (Ethnol.) A nomadic Mongolian tribe native of Northern Siberia, and supposed to be of Turkish stock. They are mainly pastoral in their habits.
Yaksha	A kind of demigod attendant on Kuvera, the god of wealth.
Yalah	The oil of the mahwa tree.
Yam	A large, esculent, farinaceous tuber of various climbing plants of the genus Dioscorea; also, the plants themselves. Mostly natives of warm climates. The plants have netted-veined, petioled leaves, and pods with three broad wings. The commonest species is D. sativa, but several others are cultivated.
Yama	The king of the infernal regions, corresponding to the Greek Pluto, and also the judge of departed souls. In later times he is more exclusively considered the dire judge of all, and the tormentor of the wicked. He is represented as of a green color, with red garments, having a crown on his head, his eyes inflamed, and sitting on a buffalo, with a club and noose in his hands.
Yamma	The llama.
Yamp	An umbelliferous plant (Carum Gairdneri); also, its small fleshy roots, which are eaten by the Indians from Idaho to California.
Yang	The cry of the wild goose; a honk.
Yang	To make the cry of the wild goose.
Yank	A jerk or twitch.
Yanked	of Yank
Yanking	of Yank
Yank	To twitch; to jerk.
Yank	An abbreviation of Yankee.
Yankee	A nickname for a native or citizen of New England, especially one descended from old New England stock; by extension, an inhabitant of the Northern States as distinguished from a Southerner; also, applied sometimes by foreigners to any inhabitant of the United States.
Yankee	Of or pertaining to a Yankee; characteristic of the Yankees.
Yankee-Doodle	The name of a tune adopted popularly as one of the national airs of the United States.
Yankee-Doodle	Humorously, a Yankee.
Yankeeism	A Yankee idiom, word, custom, or the like.
Yaourt	A fermented drink, or milk beer, made by the Turks.
Yap	To bark; to yelp.
Yap	A bark; a yelp.
Yapock	A South American aquatic opossum (Chironectes variegatus) found in Guiana and Brazil. Its hind feet are webbed, and its fore feet do not have an opposable thumb for climbing. Called also water opossum.
Yapon	Same as Yaupon.
Yarage	The power of moving, or being managed, at sea; -- said with reference to a ship.
Yard	A rod; a stick; a staff.
Yard	A branch; a twig.
Yard	A long piece of timber, as a rafter, etc.
Yard	A measure of length, equaling three feet, or thirty-six inches, being the standard of English and American measure.
Yard	The penis.
Yard	A long piece of timber, nearly cylindrical, tapering toward the ends, and designed to support and extend a square sail. A yard is usually hung by the center to the mast.  See Illust. of Ship.
Yard	An inclosure; usually, a small inclosed place in front of, or around, a house or barn; as, a courtyard; a cowyard; a barnyard.
Yard	An inclosure within which any work or business is carried on; as, a dockyard; a shipyard.
Yard	To confine (cattle) to the yard; to shut up, or keep, in a yard; as, to yard cows.
Yardarm	Either half of a square-rigged vessel's yard, from the center or mast to the end.
Yardfuls	of Yardful
Yardful	As much as a yard will contain; enough to fill a yard.
Yardland	A measure of land of uncertain quantity, varying from fifteen to forty acres; a virgate.
Yardstick	A stick three feet, or a yard, in length, used as a measure of cloth, etc.
Yardwand	A yardstick.
Yare	Ready; dexterous; eager; lively; quick to move.
Yare	Soon.
Yarely	In a yare manner.
Yark	To yerk.
Yarke	Same as Saki.
Yarn	Spun wool; woolen thread; also, thread of other material, as of cotton, flax, hemp, or silk; material spun and prepared for use in weaving, knitting, manufacturing sewing thread, or the like.
Yarn	One of the threads of which the strands of a rope are composed.
Yarn	A story told by a sailor for the amusement of his companions; a story or tale; as, to spin a yarn.
Yarnen	Made of yarn; consisting of yarn.
Yarnut	See Yernut.
Yarr	To growl or snarl as a dog.
Yarrish	Having a rough, dry taste.
Yarrow	An American and European composite plant (Achillea Millefolium) with very finely dissected leaves and small white corymbed flowers. It has a strong, and somewhat aromatic, odor and taste, and is sometimes used in making beer, or is dried for smoking. Called also milfoil, and nosebleed.
Yarwhip	The European bar-tailed godwit; -- called also yardkeep, and yarwhelp.  See Godwit.
Yataghan	A long knife, or short saber, common among Mohammedan nations, usually having a double curve, sometimes nearly straight.
Yate	A gate.  See 1st Gate.
Yaud	See Yawd.
Yaul	See Yawl.
Yaulp	To yaup.
Yaup	To cry out like a child; to yelp.
Yaup	A cry of distress, rage, or the like, as the cry of a sickly bird, or of a child in pain.
Yaup	The blue titmouse.
Yauper	One who, or that which, yaups.
Yaupon	A shrub (Ilex Cassine) of the Holly family, native from Virginia to Florida. The smooth elliptical leaves are used as a substitute for tea, and were formerly used in preparing the black drink of the Indians of North Carolina. Called also South-Sea tea.
Yawed	of Yaw
Yawing	of Yaw
Yaw	To rise in blisters, breaking in white froth, as cane juice in the clarifiers in sugar works.
Yaw	To steer wild, or out of the line of her course; to deviate from her course, as when struck by a heavy sea; -- said of a ship.
Yaw	A movement of a vessel by which she temporarily alters her course; a deviation from a straight course in steering.
Yawd	A jade; an old horse or mare.
Yawl	A small ship's boat, usually rowed by four or six oars.
Yawl	To cry out like a dog or cat; to howl; to yell.
Yawl-rigged	Having two masts with fore-and-aft sails, but differing from a schooner in that the after mast is very small, and stepped as far aft as possible.  See Illustration in Appendix.
Yawned	of Yawn
Yawning	of Yawn
Yawn	To open the mouth involuntarily through drowsiness, dullness, or fatigue; to gape; to oscitate.
Yawn	To open wide; to gape, as if to allow the entrance or exit of anything.
Yawn	To open the mouth, or to gape, through surprise or bewilderment.
Yawn	To be eager; to desire to swallow anything; to express desire by yawning; as, to yawn for fat livings.
Yawn	An involuntary act, excited by drowsiness, etc., consisting of a deep and long inspiration following several successive attempts at inspiration, the mouth, fauces, etc., being wide open.
Yawn	The act of opening wide, or of gaping.
Yawn	A chasm, mouth, or passageway.
Yawningly	In a yawning manner.
Yawp	See Yaup.
Yaws	A disease, occurring in the Antilles and in Africa, characterized by yellowish or reddish tumors, of a contagious character, which, in shape and appearance, often resemble currants, strawberries, or raspberries. There are several varieties of this disease, variously known as framboesia, pian, verrugas, and crab-yaws.
Yaw-weed	A low, shrubby, rubiaceous plant (Morinda Royoc) growing along the seacoast of the West Indies. It has small, white, odorous flowers.
Ybe	Been.
Ycleped	Called; named; -- obsolete, except in archaic or humorous writings.
Ydo	Done.
Ydrad	Dreaded.
Ye	Alt. of Ye
Ye	an old method of printing the article the (AS.  /e), the "y" being used in place of the Anglo-Saxon thorn (/). It is sometimes incorrectly pronounced ye.  See The, and Thorn, n., 4.
Yen	of Ye
Ye	An eye.
Ye	The plural of the pronoun of the second person in the nominative case.
Ye	Yea; yes.
Yea	Yes; ay; a word expressing assent, or an affirmative, or an affirmative answer to a question, now superseded by yes.  See Yes.
Yea	More than this; not only so, but; -- used to mark the addition of a more specific or more emphatic clause.  Cf. Nay, adv., 2.
Yea	An affirmative vote; one who votes in the affirmative; as, a vote by yeas and nays.
Yead	Properly, a variant of the defective imperfect yode, but sometimes mistaken for a present.  See the Note under Yede.
Yeaned	of Yean
Yeaning	of Yean
Yean	To bring forth young, as a goat or a sheep; to ean.
Yeanling	A lamb or a kid; an eanling.
Year	The time of the apparent revolution of the sun trough the ecliptic; the period occupied by the earth in making its revolution around the sun, called the astronomical year; also, a period more or less nearly agreeing with this, adopted by various nations as a measure of time, and called the civil year; as, the common lunar year of 354 days, still in use among the Mohammedans; the year of 360 days, etc. In common usage, the year consists of 365 days, and every fourth year (called bissextile, or leap year) of 366 days, a day being added to February on that year, on account of the excess above 365 days (see Bissextile).
Year	The time in which any planet completes a revolution about the sun; as, the year of Jupiter or of Saturn.
Year	Age, or old age; as, a man in years.
Yeara	The California poison oak (Rhus diversiloba).  See under Poison, a.
Yearbook	A book published yearly; any annual report or summary of the statistics or facts of a year, designed to be used as a reference book; as, the Congregational Yearbook.
Yearbook	A book containing annual reports of cases adjudged in the courts of England.
Yeared	Containing years; having existed or continued many years; aged.
Yearling	An animal one year old, or in the second year of its age; -- applied chiefly to cattle, sheep, and horses.
Yearling	Being a year old.
Yearly	Happening, accruing, or coming every year; annual; as, a yearly income; a yearly feast.
Yearly	Lasting a year; as, a yearly plant.
Yearly	Accomplished in a year; as, the yearly circuit, or revolution, of the earth.
Yearly	Annually; once a year to year; as, blessings yearly bestowed.
Yearned	of Yearn
Yearning	of Yearn
Yearn	To pain; to grieve; to vex.
Yearn	To be pained or distressed; to grieve; to mourn.
Yearn	To curdle, as milk.
Yearn	To be filled with longing desire; to be harassed or rendered uneasy with longing, or feeling the want of a thing; to strain with emotions of affection or tenderness; to long; to be eager.
Yearnful	Desirous.
Yearningly	With yearning.
Yearnings	The maws, or stomachs, of young calves, used as a rennet for curdling milk.
Yearth	The earth.
Yeast	The foam, or troth (top yeast), or the sediment (bottom yeast), of beer or other in fermentation, which contains the yeast plant or its spores, and under certain conditions produces fermentation in saccharine or farinaceous substances; a preparation used for raising dough for bread or cakes, and making it light and puffy; barm; ferment.
Yeast	Spume, or foam, of water.
Yeast	A form of fungus which grows as indvidual rounded cells, rather than in a mycelium, and reproduces by budding; esp. members of the orders Endomycetales and Moniliales.  Some fungi may grow both as a yeast or as a mycelium, depending on the conditions of growth.
Yeast-bitten	A term used of beer when the froth of the yeast has reentered the body of the beer.
Yeastiness	The quality or state of being yeasty, or frothy.
Yeasty	Frothy; foamy; spumy, like yeast.
Yedding	The song of a minstrel; hence, any song.
Yede	Went.  See Yode.
Yeel	An eel.
Yeldhall	Guildhall.
Yeldrin	Alt. of Yeldrine
Yeldrine	The yellow-hammer; -- called also yeldrock, and yoldrin.
Yelk	Same as Yolk.
Yelled	of Yell
Yelling	of Yell
Yell	To cry out, or shriek, with a hideous noise; to cry or scream as with agony or horror.
Yell	To utter or declare with a yell; to proclaim in a loud tone.
Yell	A sharp, loud, hideous outcry.
Yellow	Being of a bright saffronlike color; of the color of gold or brass; having the hue of that part of the rainbow, or of the solar spectrum, which is between the orange and the green.
Yellow	A bright golden color, reflecting more light than any other except white; the color of that part of the spectrum which is between the orange and green.
Yellow	A yellow pigment.
Yellowed	of Yellow
Yellowing	of Yellow
Yellow	To make yellow; to cause to have a yellow tinge or color; to dye yellow.
Yellow	To become yellow or yellower.
Yellowammer	See Yellow-hammer.
Yellowbill	The American scoter.
Yellowbird	The American goldfinch, or thistle bird.  See Goldfinch.
Yellowbird	The common yellow warbler; -- called also summer yellowbird.  See Illust. of Yellow warbler, under Yellow, a.
Yellow-covered	Covered or bound in yellow paper.
Yellow-eyed	Having yellow eyes.
Yellowfin	A large squeteague.
Yellowfish	A rock trout (Pleurogrammus monopterygius) found on the coast of Alaska; -- called also striped fish, and Atka mackerel.
Yellow-golds	A certain plant, probably the yellow oxeye.
Yellowhammer	A common European finch (Emberiza citrinella). The color of the male is bright yellow on the breast, neck, and sides of the head, with the back yellow and brown, and the top of the head and the tail quills blackish. Called also yellow bunting, scribbling lark, and writing lark.
Yellowhammer	The flicker.
Yellowing	The act or process of making yellow.
Yellowish	Somewhat yellow; as, amber is of a yellowish color.
Yellowlegs	Any one of several species of long-legged sandpipers of the genus Totanus, in which the legs are bright yellow; -- called also stone snipe, tattler, telltale, yellowshanks; and yellowshins.  See Tattler, 2.
Yellowness	The quality or state of being yellow; as, the yellowness of an orange.
Yellowness	Jealousy.
Yellowroot	Any one of several plants with yellow roots.
Yellowroot	See Xanthorhiza.
Yellowroot	Same as Orangeroot.
Yellows	A disease of the bile in horses, cattle, and sheep, causing yellowness of the eyes; jaundice.
Yellows	A disease of plants, esp. of peach trees, in which the leaves turn to a yellowish color; jeterus.
Yellows	A group of butterflies in which the predominating color is yellow. It includes the common small yellow butterflies.  Called also redhorns, and sulphurs.  See Sulphur.
Yellowseed	A kind of pepper grass (Lepidium campestre).
Yellowshanks	Alt. of Yellowshins
Yellowshins	See Yellolegs.
Yellowtail	Any one of several species of marine carangoid fishes of the genus Seriola; especially, the large California species (S. dorsalis) which sometimes weighs thirty or forty pounds, and is highly esteemed as a food fish; -- called also cavasina, and white salmon.
Yellowtail	The mademoiselle, or silver perch.
Yellowtail	The menhaden.
Yellowtail	The runner, 12.
Yellowtail	A California rockfish (Sebastodes flavidus).
Yellowtail	The sailor's choice (Diplodus rhomboides).
Yellowthroat	Any one of several species of American ground warblers of the genus Geothlypis, esp. the Maryland yellowthroat (G. trichas), which is a very common species.
Yellowtop	A kind of grass, perhaps a species of Agrostis.
Yellowwood	The wood of any one of several different kinds of trees; also, any one of the trees themselves. Among the trees so called are the Cladrastis tinctoria, an American leguminous tree; the several species of prickly ash (Xanthoxylum); the Australian Flindersia Oxleyana, a tree related to the mahogany; certain South African species of Podocarpus, trees related to the yew; the East Indian Podocarpus latifolia; and the true satinwood (Chloroxylon Swietenia). All these Old World trees furnish valuable timber.
Yellowwort	A European yellow-flowered, gentianaceous (Chlora perfoliata). The whole plant is intensely bitter, and is sometimes used as a tonic, and also in dyeing yellow.
Yelped	of Yelp
Yelping	of Yelp
Yelp	To boast.
Yelp	To utter a sharp, quick cry, as a hound; to bark shrilly with eagerness, pain, or fear; to yaup.
Yelp	A sharp, quick cry; a bark.
Yelper	An animal that yelps, or makes a yelping noise.
Yelper	The avocet; -- so called from its sharp, shrill cry.
Yelper	The tattler.
Yeman	A yeoman.
Yen	The unit of value and account in Japan. Since Japan's adoption of the gold standard, in 1897, the value of the yen has been about 50 cents. The yen is equal to 100 sen.
Yend	To throw; to cast.
Yenite	A silicate of iron and lime occurring in black prismatic crystals; -- also called ilvaite.
Yeomen	of Yeoman
Yeoman	A common man, or one of the commonly of the first or most respectable class; a freeholder; a man free born.
Yeoman	A servant; a retainer.
Yeoman	A yeoman of the guard; also, a member of the yeomanry cavalry.
Yeoman	An interior officer under the boatswain, gunner, or carpenters, charged with the stowage, account, and distribution of the stores.
Yeomanlike	Resembling, or suitable to, a yeoman; yeomanly.
Yeomanly	Pertaining to a yeoman; becoming or suitable to, a yeoman; yeomanlike.
Yeomanry	The position or rank of a yeoman.
Yeomanry	The collective body of yeomen, or freeholders.
Yeomanry	The yeomanry cavalry.
Yeorling	The European yellow-hammer.
Yer	Ere; before.
Yerba	An herb; a plant.
Yerd	See 1st & 2d Yard.
Yerked	of Yerk
Yerking	of Yerk
Yerk	To throw or thrust with a sudden, smart movement; to kick or strike suddenly; to jerk.
Yerk	To strike or lash with a whip.
Yerk	To throw out the heels; to kick; to jerk.
Yerk	To move a quick, jerking motion.
Yerk	A sudden or quick thrust or motion; a jerk.
Yern	See 3d Yearn.
Yern	Eager; brisk; quick; active.
Yerne	Eagerly; briskly; quickly.
Yernut	An earthnut, or groundnut.  See Groundnut (d).
Yerst	See Erst.
Yes	Ay; yea; -- a word which expresses affirmation or consent; -- opposed to no.
Yest	See Yeast.
Yester	Last; last past; next before; of or pertaining to yesterday.
Yesterday	The day last past; the day next before the present.
Yesterday	Fig.: A recent time; time not long past.
Yesterday	On the day last past; on the day preceding to-day; as, the affair took place yesterday.
Yestereve	Alt. of Yester-evening
Yester-evening	The evening of yesterday; the evening last past.
Yestermorn	Alt. of Yester-morning
Yester-morning	The morning of yesterday.
Yestern	Of or pertaining to yesterday; relating to the day last past.
Yesternight	The last night; the night last past.
Yesternight	On the last night.
Yesternoon	The noon of yesterday; the noon last past.
Yesterweek	The week last past; last week.
Yesteryear	The year last past; last year.
Yestreen	Yester-evening; yesternight; last night.
Yesty	See Yeasty.
Yet	Any one of several species of large marine gastropods belonging to the genus Yetus, or Cymba; a boat shell.
Yet	In addition; further; besides; over and above; still.
Yet	At the same time; by continuance from a former state; still.
Yet	Up to the present time; thus far; hitherto; until now; -- and with the negative, not yet, not up to the present time; not as soon as now; as, Is it time to go? Not yet.  See As yet, under As, conj.
Yet	Before some future time; before the end; eventually; in time.
Yet	Even; -- used emphatically.
Yet	Nevertheless; notwithstanding; however.
Yeve	To give.
Yeven	Given.
Yew	See Yaw.
Yew	An evergreen tree (Taxus baccata) of Europe, allied to the pines, but having a peculiar berrylike fruit instead of a cone. It frequently grows in British churchyards.
Yew	The wood of the yew. It is light red in color, compact, fine-grained, and very elastic. It is preferred to all other kinds of wood for bows and whipstocks, the best for these purposes coming from Spain.
Yew	A bow for shooting, made of the yew.
Yew	Of or pertaining to yew trees; made of the wood of a yew tree; as, a yew whipstock.
Yewen	Made of yew; as, yewen bows.
Yex	To hiccough.
Yex	A hiccough.
Yezdegerdian	Of or pertaining to Yezdegerd, the last Sassanian monarch of Persia, who was overthrown by the Mohammedans; as, the Yezdegerdian era, which began on the 16th of June, a. d. 632. The era is still used by the Parsees.
Yezdi	Same as Izedi.
Yezidee	Alt. of Yezidi
Yezidi	Same as Izedi.
Yfere	Together.  See Ifere.
Ygdrasyl	See in the Dictionary of Noted Names in Fiction.
Yghe	Eye.
Ygo	Gone.
Yground	p. p. of Grind.
Yholde	p. p. of Hold.
Yielded	of Yield
Yold	of Yield
Yielding	of Yield
Yield	To give in return for labor expended; to produce, as payment or interest on what is expended or invested; to pay; as, money at interest yields six or seven per cent.
Yield	To furnish; to afford; to render; to give forth.
Yield	To give up, as something that is claimed or demanded; to make over to one who has a claim or right; to resign; to surrender; to relinquish; as a city, an opinion, etc.
Yield	To admit to be true; to concede; to allow.
Yield	To permit; to grant; as, to yield passage.
Yield	To give a reward to; to bless.
Yield	To give up the contest; to submit; to surrender; to succumb.
Yield	To comply with; to assent; as, I yielded to his request.
Yield	To give way; to cease opposition; to be no longer a hindrance or an obstacle; as, men readily yield to the current of opinion, or to customs; the door yielded.
Yield	To give place, as inferior in rank or excellence; as, they will yield to us in nothing.
Yield	Amount yielded; product; -- applied especially to products resulting from growth or cultivation.
Yieldable	Disposed to yield or comply.
Yieldance	The act of producing; yield; as, the yieldance of the earth.
Yieldance	The act of yielding; concession.
Yielder	One who yields.
Yielding	Inclined to give way, or comply; flexible; compliant; accommodating; as, a yielding temper.
Yieldless	Without yielding; unyielding.
Yift	Gift.
Yin	A Chinese weight of 2/ pounds.
Yis	Yes.
Yit	Yet.
Yite	The European yellow-hammer.
Yive	To give.
-yl	A suffix used as a characteristic termination of chemical radicals; as in ethyl, carbonyl, hydroxyl, etc.
Yle	Isle.
Y level	See under Y, n.
Yliche	Alt. of Ylike
Ylike	Like; alike.
Yllanraton	The agouara.
Ymaked	Made.
Ymel	Among.
Ynambu	A South American tinamou (Rhynchotus rufescens); -- called also perdiz grande, and rufous tinamou.  See Illust. of Tinamou.
Ynough	Alt. of Ynow
Ynow	Enough.
Yockel	The yaffle.
Yode	Went; walked; proceeded.
Yodeled	of Yodle
Yodled	of Yodle
Yodeling	of Yodle
Yodling	of Yodle
Yodel	Alt. of Yodle
Yodle	To sing in a manner common among the Swiss and Tyrolese mountaineers, by suddenly changing from the head voice, or falsetto, to the chest voice, and the contrary; to warble.
Yodel	Alt. of Yodle
Yodle	A song sung by yodeling, as by the Swiss mountaineers.
Yodler	One who yodels.
Yoga	A species of asceticism among the Hindoos, which consists in a complete abstraction from all worldly objects, by which the votary expects to obtain union with the universal spirit, and to acquire superhuman faculties.
Yogi	A follower of the yoga philosophy; an ascetic.
Yoicks	A cry of encouragement to foxhounds.
Yoit	The European yellow-hammer.
Yojan	A measure of distance, varying from four to ten miles, but usually about five.
Yoke	A bar or frame of wood by which two oxen are joined at the heads or necks for working together.
Yoke	A frame or piece resembling a yoke, as in use or shape.
Yoke	A frame of wood fitted to a person's shoulders for carrying pails, etc., suspended on each side; as, a milkmaid's yoke.
Yoke	A frame worn on the neck of an animal, as a cow, a pig, a goose, to prevent passage through a fence.
Yoke	A frame or convex piece by which a bell is hung for ringing it.  See Illust. of Bell.
Yoke	A crosspiece upon the head of a boat's rudder.  To its ends lines are attached which lead forward so that the boat can be steered from amidships.
Yoke	A bent crosspiece connecting two other parts.
Yoke	A tie securing two timbers together, not used for part of a regular truss, but serving a temporary purpose, as to provide against unusual strain.
Yoke	A band shaped to fit the shoulders or the hips, and joined to the upper full edge of the waist or the skirt.
Yoke	Fig.: That which connects or binds; a chain; a link; a bond connection.
Yoke	A mark of servitude; hence, servitude; slavery; bondage; service.
Yoke	Two animals yoked together; a couple; a pair that work together.
Yoke	The quantity of land plowed in a day by a yoke of oxen.
Yoke	A portion of the working day; as, to work two yokes, that is, to work both portions of the day, or morning and afternoon.
Yoked	of Yoke
Yoking	of Yoke
Yoke	To put a yoke on; to join in or with a yoke; as, to yoke oxen, or pair of oxen.
Yoke	To couple; to join with another.
Yoke	To enslave; to bring into bondage; to restrain; to confine.
Yoke	To be joined or associated; to be intimately connected; to consort closely; to mate.
Yokeage	See Rokeage.
Yokefellow	An associate or companion in, or as in; a mate; a fellow; especially, a partner in marriage.
Yokel	A country bumpkin.
Yokelet	A small farm; -- so called as requiring but one yoke of oxen to till it.
Yokemate	Same as Yokefellow.
Yoke-toed	Having two toes in front and two behind, as the trogons and woodpeckers.
Yold	Yielded.
Yolden	Yielded.
Yolk	The yellow part of an egg; the vitellus.
Yolk	An oily secretion which naturally covers the wool of sheep.
Yoll	To yell.
Yon	At a distance, but within view; yonder.
Yon	Yonder.
Yoncopin	A local name in parts of the Mississippi Valley for the American lotus (Nelumbo lutea).
Yond	Furious; mad; angry; fierce.
Yond	Yonder.
Yonder	At a distance, but within view.
Yonder	Being at a distance within view, or conceived of as within view; that or those there; yon.
Yoni	The symbol under which Sakti, or the personification of the female power in nature, is worshiped.  Cf. Lingam.
Yonker	A young fellow; a younker.
Yore	In time long past; in old time; long since.
Yorker	A tice.
Yorkshire	A county in the north of England.
York use	The one of the three printed uses of England which was followed in the north. It was based on the Sarum use.  See Use, n., 6.
Yot	To unite closely.
Yote	To pour water on; to soak in, or mix with, water.
You	The pronoun of the second person, in the nominative, dative, and objective case, indicating the person or persons addressed.  See the Note under Ye.
Youl	To yell; to yowl.
Young	Not long born; still in the first part of life; not yet arrived at adolescence, maturity, or age; not old; juvenile; -- said of animals; as, a young child; a young man; a young fawn.
Young	Being in the first part, pr period, of growth; as, a young plant; a young tree.
Young	Having little experience; inexperienced; unpracticed; ignorant; weak.
Young	The offspring of animals, either a single animal or offspring collectively.
Youngger	One who is younger; an inferior in age; a junior.
Youngish	Somewhat young.
Youngling	A young person; a youth; also, any animal in its early life.
Youngling	Young; youthful.
Youngly	Like a young person or thing; young; youthful.
Youngly	In a young manner; in the period of youth; early in life.
Youngly	Ignorantly; weakly.
Youngness	The quality or state of being young.
Youngster	A young person; a youngling; a lad.
Youngth	Youth.
Youngthly	Pertaining to, or resembling, youth; youthful.
Younker	A young person; a stripling; a yonker.
Youpon	Same as Yaupon.
Your	The form of the possessive case of the personal pronoun you.
Yours	See the Note under Your.
Yourselves	of Yourself
Yourself	An emphasized or reflexive form of the pronoun of the second person; -- used as a subject commonly with you; as, you yourself shall see it; also, alone in the predicate, either in the nominative or objective case; as, you have injured yourself.
Youths	of Youth
Youth	of Youth
Youth	The quality or state of being young; youthfulness; juvenility.
Youth	The part of life that succeeds to childhood; the period of existence preceding maturity or age; the whole early part of life, from childhood, or, sometimes, from infancy, to manhood.
Youth	A young person; especially, a young man.
Youth	Young persons, collectively.
Youthful	Not yet mature or aged; young.
Youthful	Also used figuratively.
Youthful	Of or pertaining to the early part of life; suitable to early life; as, youthful days; youthful sports.
Youthful	Fresh; vigorous, as in youth.
Youthhood	The quality or state of being a youth; the period of youth.
Youthly	Young; youthful.
Youthsome	Youthful.
Youthy	Young.
Youze	The cheetah.
Yow	You.
Yowe	A ewe.
Yowl	To utter a loud, long, and mournful cry, as a dog; to howl; to yell.
Yowl	A loud, protracted, and mournful cry, as that of a dog; a howl.
Yowley	The European yellow-hammer.
Yox	See Yex.
Ypight	See Pight.
Ypocras	Hippocras.
Ypres lace	Fine bobbin lace made at Ypres in Belgium, usually exactly like Valenciennes lace.
Ypsiliform	Resembling the / in appearance; -- said of the germinal spot in the ripe egg at one of the stages of fecundation.
Ypsiloid	In the form of the letter Y; Y-shaped.
Yraft	Bereft.
Yren	Iron.
Yronne	Run.
Ysame	Together.
Yt	Alt. of Yt
Yt	an old method of printing that (AS. /aet, /aet) the "y" taking the place of the old letter "thorn" (/).  Cf. Ye, the.
Ythrowe	p. p. of Throw.
Ytterbic	Pertaining to, or derived from, ytterbium; containing ytterbium.
Ytterbium	A rare element of the boron group, sometimes associated with yttrium or other related elements, as in euxenite and gadolinite. Symbol Yb; provisional atomic weight 173.2.  Cf. Yttrium.
Yttria	The oxide, Y2O3, or earth, of yttrium.
Yttric	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, yttrium.
Yttriferous	Bearing or containing yttrium or the allied elements; as, gadolinite is one of the yttriferous minerals.
Yttrious	Same as Yttric.
Yttrium	A rare metallic element of the boron-aluminium group, found in gadolinite and other rare minerals, and extracted as a dark gray powder.  Symbol Y.  Atomic weight, 89.
Yttro-cerite	A mineral of a violet-blue color, inclining to gray and white. It is a hydrous fluoride of cerium, yttrium, and calcium.
Yttro-columbite	Alt. of Yttro-tantalite
Yttro-tantalite	A tantalate of uranium, yttrium, and calcium, of a brown or black color.
Yu	Jade.
Yucca	See Flicker, n., 2.
Yucca	A genus of American liliaceous, sometimes arborescent, plants having long, pointed, and often rigid, leaves at the top of a more or less woody stem, and bearing a large panicle of showy white blossoms.
Yuck	To itch.
Yuck	To scratch.
Yuckel	Same as Yockel.
Yuen	The crowned gibbon (Hylobates pileatus), native of Siam, Southern China, and the Island of Hainan. It is entirely arboreal in its habits, and has very long arms. the males are dark brown or blackish, with a caplike mass of long dark hair, and usually with a white band around the face. The females are yellowish white, with a dark spot on the breast and another on the crown. Called also wooyen, and wooyen ape.
Yufts	Russia leather.
Yug	Alt. of Yuga
Yuga	Any one of the four ages, Krita, or Satya, Treta, Dwapara, and Kali, into which the Hindoos divide the duration or existence of the world.
Yuke	Same as Yuck.
Yulan	A species of Magnolia (M. conspicua) with large white blossoms that open before the leaves.  See the Note under Magnolia.
Yule	Christmas or Christmastide; the feast of the Nativity of our Savior.
Yuletide	Christmas time; Christmastide; the season of Christmas.
Yumas	A tribe of Indians native of Arizona and the adjacent parts of Mexico and California. They are agricultural, and cultivate corn, wheat, barley, melons, etc.
Yunx	A genus of birds comprising the wrynecks.
Yupon	Same as Yaupon.
Yux	See Yex, n.
Yvel	Evil; ill.
Ywar	Aware; wary.
Ywis	Certainly; most likely; truly; probably.
